[[Leonard  Torrent]]





Fun fact! He actually doesn't jump with his horse in that attack, he stomps him into the ground first....I assume/hope he uses magic to create a little pocket under the surfaces for him or somthing.
    It’s more fun to just imagine Leonard lifting this 2 ton man up into space and crashing back down unaffected.
        Leonard the secretly yoked horse.
            [removed]
        The attack is solely from Leonard himself.
            Radhan doesnt actually fight, hes just being puppeteered by leonard like ratatouille
                His mind is gone, to the horse.
                    His soul is gone, to the horse.

All he was once was is now the horse
                        Rykard wasn’t the only one consumed by a sinister creature…
                            Sinister?
                                Leonard’s eyes are *pretty* shifty… I think he has PLANS for The Lands Between.

Images of Ludwig….
                                Eh, Radhan is a tricky bastard.
                                I believe you meant stepsister, Oh no Step horse Leonard is stuck again 😂
                        More horse than a man, or maybe more man than a horse.
                        Guess he's just horsing around the whole fight.
                    *dog
                Leonard Linguini does not ride Remy like a horse while he is controller to cook. Remy more or less rides Leonard underneath his chef hat. Get your lore straight, sir.
                    Leonard the horse is also pulling Radahn's hair to direct him, just like Remy. Just... different hair.
                        Does the lore suggest that the carpet matches the drapes?
                            No reason to believe the curse of the Fire Giants manifests only in the North.
                                My God this comment thread is cursed. I love it
                                This alone has turned this into the best thread I've read in a while
                    B cooler if he did
                Wait so is he pulling his pubes to control him
                In Ratatouille the chef was puppeteered by his hair from his head. Radahn is being puppeteered from below...

Ouch.
            Yes the secret is Leonard *also* learned gravity magic and is actually better at it than Radahn!
            "At the count of 3, push me up"
            What about the *Leonard* attack on the Wookiees?
            Leonard was the real boss all along, Radahn is just his puppet
        Honestly i think it took me a whole fight or two to notice he was on a horse, i lost that battle bc i was laughing so hard at how ridiculous he looked lol, so yes I love the idea of the horse being ridiculously OP
        Radahn even with the Scarlet Rot eating away at him definitely weighs more than 2 tons lol. Elephants weigh more than that I'm pretty sure.
        Just basic radahn magic
        2 tons is a gross underestimate…
    He did study gravity magic. So its possible for him to maybe create a well around Leonard to softly push or carry him during the fight. Being able to shift gravity on people/animals/things, is an amazing feat on its own. The amount of possibilities is incredible!
        well, realizing that he is doing the same to FUCKING SOLAR BODIES, doing it to people and living being sounds extremely easy in comparison

Edit: i presume the amount of likes is because u all notce the reference from MaXor s video
            The stars Radahn is holding back aren't solar bodies, they're creepy space creatures.
                I think some are, like the falling star beast or astel, to be fair he's called a malformed star, however we also see that the stars are clearly not actual stars or at least in our world, one collides with the lands inbetween and just makes a hole in the ground instead of completely wiping out the planet.
                    It’s possible he’s holding back real stars as we know them but any meteors and Astels in the space between were also held in stasis
                        Technically that could be true, but if astel is called a malformed star, like he's an actual deformed star, do stars hsve genetic code. Why the fuck is he like not that big at all. Also that means stars form differently, meaning not like our stars.

However the main reason why I don't think this is the case is it'd simply make him too powerful, I mean he'd be much stronger than markia. I mean he lost to being nuked by rot, why didnt he just crush malenia with some grav. Malenia is clearly not planet level.

Also the stars literally move so their like our world in size but they move and fall like fictual stars, meaning they clearly already broke the rules of being like real life stars.

But yeah if he could hold back stars theirs absolutely nothing stopping him from literally crushing the planet or even the erdtree, or even us, into nothingness.

Thats just my logic, and I, with absolute conviction, believe these stars arent that big, unless you say otherwise you seen smart.
                    I was wondering the whole time how anyone survived that blast from that star lol. Also radahn can survive shooting himself down like a comet but dies to some sword swipes from a lowly tarnished
                The star that impacts when you kill him is not a monster. He try to hold the stars to stop Ranni from archive her destiny
                    That “star” is a “falling star” which is just a cute way to describe a comet 💫or meteor☄️ that has begun to break up upon entering the atmosphere. One capable of punching a hole in the ground that deep should have completely flattened limegrave (if not most of the lands between) with mistwood in it’s entirety being reduced to a red hot crater. Even if the elden ring stars are not really stars they are still massive objects. If he had left go of said stars he probably would have been able to terraform the lands between to suit his needs using only gravity magic.
                        That's not necessarily true. Even if we assume that it's appropriate to calculate the forces involved in fiction like a sweaty powerscaler (which we shouldn't because that's not how it works), Limgrave is hollow. A fairly small meteor could have shattered the relatively thin layer of rock covering the Nokron-Siofra underground area, and evidently did, since Limgrave is no flattened and the Mistwood is largely intact.

It's also pure speculation how much power Radahn needed to hold back the stars, since we have no idea what exactly he did to them in the first place.
                            You missed my point. Elements of realism are not present in in elden ring bc they would have implications that break the lore. A single 50m meteor can leave a [600 ft deep crater](https://meteorcrater.com) If he could hold this back he would have been stronger than the elden beast and capable of just smushing anything infront of him into the ground with ludicrous amounts of force which would make 0 sense lol. But at the same time he would need to be holding back some sizable meteors in order to leave such a massive crater too. He was clearly capable of lifting a considerable amount of mass with gravity magic as shown in the cutscene with him and malenia when he tears apart the ground lifting his swords in the flashiest way possible. Also there would be no excuse for gravity magic and gravity AoWs for being so mid if it could be used to smush things directly. So for lore and player combat a lot of things were made a bit nonsensical so ambiguity would aid it and keep people talking about it.
                    It's not a star either, just a comet.
            Literally holding space in place to keep away the horrors it holds
                O yeah, possible more ASTELS and nighmarish  Bulls as well
                    The "Wait. Are we the bad guys?" moment hits. Though I can't say that
                I mean he was taught gravity magic by one of the space horrors (an onyx lord), he was holding it in place to checkmate Ranni
                That's not why he did it as far as we know. There were already Astels and fallingstar beasts around before that, and they weren't a major threat then, so there's no reason to assume the Lands Between urgently needed that protection.
                    >they weren't a major threat then

Idk, Nokron would probably disagree.
                        The Astel in Nokron was sent by the Greater Will, it's not a threat to the Golden Order.
                            How do yall get this deep in the lore? Is it all in the item descriptions? Ive figured out a few things on my own that way but not nearly to the extent some of yall have.
                                Osmosis.

(Also yes, mostly item descriptions. And dialogue sometimes. And a healthy dose of personal interpretation.)
            Weeeeell technically the more mass an object has the easier it is for it to be affected by gravity so teeeeeeeeeechnically it's way more impressive to use gravity on something really small like a horse. Just saying
        Leonard is party why he can weld gravity magic. It is in one of his item descriptions. Which honestly makes it so much better.
        Fairly certain that the official answer is he did learn gravity magic so he wouldn't crush his horse. He's actually floating a few cm above Leonard the whole fight right? Plus the whole holding back the stars thing
    I think Radahn burys his horse in the sand before AOE so he doesnt get hurt. Good guy Radahn. 

But seriously, something that I realized after playing for 60 hours is that out of everyone, including myself, the only good guy is Radahn. Rest are fueled by their greed or motives. Even I, a tarnished, am coming into this foreign world, breaking the balance and harmony, fucking everyone up because I gotta simp that blue doll. Radahn, on the other hand, wants nothing but strength and good for his world. Stopping stars and shit from destroying world. Felt really bad for killing him, but I had to do one good thing I could do. Grant his wish and give his warrior death in honor.
        Harpies literally sing in latin about how fucked the world is due to the gods abandoning order, the problem ain't us homie
            There's a RussianBadger video on Fallout New Vegas with the incredible title:

*UNSTOPPABLE MORON MAKES NUCLEAR WASTELAND NOTICEABLY WORSE*

The place is certainly already fucked but the undead idiot with a giant hammer sprinting around screaming "***UNGA BUNGA***" isn't really going to be making things much better. Really the only certainty is that a lot of things will be left a lot flatter...
                Except when you literally do make things better through multiple ending possibilities
                    Or even just killing certain bosses. You can't tell me that getting rid of fucking Godrick the Grafted isn't a net positive for the Lands Between.
                        But tbf any other demigod could've done so too, he was said to be the weakest by far and even Morgott's projection is stronger than him. If he decided to end Godrick's foolish ambitions, it would just be a small trip for him to fuck him up and noone would know it was Morgott since they don't know their king is an omen.
                            But none did do anything, part if the reason the worlds so shit atm
                                Tearing down someone's evil regime's nice and all but who's going to build things back up again, and will the power vacuum create worse strife?
Luckily for us Nepheli Loux steps in although it'll probably be Gostoc and The Great Kenneth Haight running the show.
                            But obviously none of them wanted to. Morgott was protecting him, even.
                    Killing Dung Eater is 100% a Good Thing. Ideally turning him into a puppet so he won’t reincarnate is more appropriate but also more ambiguously evil.
                Sometimes you just gotta scrap it and start over
                You know what? Thinking of my character as an unstoppable, immortal doom-bringer makes the game much less stressful. Think you’re gonna kill me off? I’ll re-spawn and come right back at you until you’re dead.
                I remember that fallout reference lol
            Wait is that the translation of the song they sing?
        “Breaking the balance and harmony” em did we play the same game coz the lands between are not especially peaceful
            This land is peaceful, its inhabitants kind...
            Ranni’s ending is still the worst
                It's like the best, just because the Greater Will is definitely separated from the Lands Between.
                    It’s only better then the flame of frenzy ending since all the Elden lord endings have a better outcome, the greater will isn’t the villain, Ranni is for causing the shattering
                        There are actually some good videos that go deeper into Ranni's ending. There's this idea that she is actually evil but this stems from some mistakes made in the localization. In her Japanese dialogs she says that she hates the fact that the life on earth is determined by the order established by the great will. She wants to set the world free from such dependence by moving the order into the starts so that no man can fight again to put his hands on such power.
                            Yeah I know about the translation but still the golden order is something that is beneficial for everyone especially with fia’s or Gold mask’s endings, if the world is already great for everyone why change it?
                Elaborate
                    Well it is better then the frenzy ending but I think that every Elden lord ending is better cause o think the greater will was already a great order destroyed by Ranni
        If Radahn is a good guy, Miquella is the definition of saint...also since you know, he's apparently St Trina. But seriously, I get that people like Radahn but at this point it feels like everyone is purposefully misinterpreting the lore or adding tidbits that arent factual to push Radahn up and push other characters down when the most positive thing he has done is learn gravity magic to stay on his horse, who is probably suffering a fate worse than death by the time we arrive.
            yea all i see out of that horse is pure misery
                That's made me chuckle a bit because now all I can imagine when I'm running at him with the npc characters is that we are all animal activists XD
            Gravity or no, the poor animal if forced against it's will to carry a rot-carrying monster that devours the flesh of 'friend and foe alike'. I would like to believe Leonard is wishing for death at this point.
            Miquella’s ability of “allure” is very vague and could range from charisma to straight up magical manipulation. When you also consider the lore we have of St Trina, it’s not a good outlook. One of the items mentioning St Trina essentially calls her (Trina is supposed to be a woman) as pure terror or the incarnate of evil. I forgot which item it was. But that’s not a good outlook for a saint lol.

I am just convinced that we are going to fight Miquella in one of the DLC’s and possibly in one of the final phases (if not the final) will be St Trina; maybe Miquella and Malenia will become one. When you beat Malenia we are not explicitly shown a “Legend Felled” or equivalent as we do with other major bosses, so I do not believe we’ve seen the last of her. I don’t think that was accidental, and upon beating her there’s a giant Scarlet Aeonia flower.
                >When you beat Malenia we are not explicitly shown a “Legend Felled” or equivalent as we do with other major bosses

That's a crazy detail and definitely intentionally done. Even if they left it open-ended she's coming back for sure!

My bet is on Miquella as well, if they do a Twin Princes-esque fight that'd be insane but he seems set up to be a Griffith/Femto kinda arc and I imagine he'd be the ultimate boss fight (like how Gael was in DS3's Ringed City), something they've perhaps always wanted to give proper justice to. They've always had Guts stand-in characters like Artorias and Gael, Blaidd in Elden Ring, I've heard people make claims for Ludwig and Orphan of Kos as well but they seem their own thing to me.

Ludwig has a Sif connection in his OST so he seems more an homage to Artorias/Sif specifically as well as the Moonlight Greatsword/Holy Moonlight Sword being an homage to their Kings Field games, really that fight is a celebration of their history and success and one of the greatest boss fights ever created, truly a work of art.

And Orphan is a great example of the Other we fear, tragic while being a huge pain in the ass to fight.
                If the Lore I read is correct malenia after she turn in a flower after we beat her she need to reborn another time for completing her role as a spawn of the scarlet rot god, next big dlc gonna be a whole new region full of scarlet rot enemys and a malenia in its her real final form... At least I hope so....

BTW I noticed that radahn don't have feet, he just have some magic who keep him "flying"

P.s. Sorry for bad English
                You dont get any message for killing demi-gods its not special for Malenia.
            The connection is there, but I think since there were tons of demigods and offspring in general before the Shattering, St. Trina might not be Miquella, but a sibling that either left (we know one demigod fled the lands between) or died when they were killing each other over the Great Runes.
        Eh... he's not really that good. He still took part in the wars following the shattering. He's just like the rest of them.
            Plus if you actually look at his horse, that poor thing is suffering. Just let it die in peace
            There had to be an Elden Lord, pretty much everyone acknowledges this, and there was no way forward but war.
                Ok? But aside from the way he treats Leonard, and the fact that he held back the stars (something that was in his best interests for him to do) there is very little evidence towards him being a good person
                    >something that was in his best interests for him to do

Technically it was still to save Sellia which was said to be doomed.
                    All his men respect him even after his death, fighting the rot and holding the festival to give him a proper celebration. It’s clear that he definitely had an impressive reputation and was honorable or charismatic enough that people pledged their loyalty to him. As long as you weren’t on the other end of his sword, he probably was a pretty swell guy to be around, even if he was a power-hungry warlord demigod.
                        That's really not unusual for a warlord and both Malenias and Miquellas troops are also extremely loyal.

They only one who doesn't appear to have any loyal followers is Godrick.
                            Very true! Miquella would also be a super good candidate for a “Good” demigod if he hadn’t been kidnapped by Mohg; he was incredibly beloved by everyone, created unalloyed gold specifically to help his sister manage her scarlet rot, and left to painstakingly grow his own special healing tree when it was clear the Erdtree wasn’t going to do shit about his and Malenia’s curses. 

Also it’s implied the reason Godrick doesn’t have any loyal followers is because they all died or deserted after his disastrous attack on the capital. All he has left are sellswords, mercenaries, and exiles.
                                I think there was also some stuff about Godrick himself rejecting his few remaining troops because he blamed them for his losses rather than himself. That is how the bandits working with Patches became bandits.
                                Miquella is basically maxed out charisma

he could have been manipulating his followers for sure
                                    Miquella’s on the edge between charisma and manipulation. There’s definitely a magical aspect to it, but it’s certainly not mind-control. Miquella certainly doesn’t seem malicious or evil, he just wants to cure his and his sister’s curses. I’ve even wondered if part of Mohg’s “attraction” to Miquella is an unintended side-effect of Miquella’s charisma aura; Mohg may have initially just wanted to kidnap and Moghwyn-ify him but his ambition combined with Miquella’s magic presence led to the twisted situation
                                One of the powers of miquella is being loved by everyone, and the unalloyed gold in the head of the soldiers(everything that haves it) amplify the power and let miquella absolute manipulation
                                    Is that evidence for you that he is bad person or someone tjat is hated by all of his people.
                                    Is there a source for that? I know that unalloyed gold is used to ward off scarlet rot and the outer gods, but I don't remember them also amplifying miquellas power
                            Some say Godrick's followers are still giving him a hand to this day!
        Miquella is definitely the most moral of the demigods; we really don’t know exactly why Radahn fought in the Shattering in the first place, leaving his motives in question.

 With Miquella, though, it’s pretty explicit that he wanted a new and more inclusive Order that would incorporate all who were spurned by grace, without discrimination of prejudice - and he developed a concrete, effective method of repelling the influence of outer gods.

Radahn, for all we know, could’ve been fighting to keep the status quo - or might’ve started the hostilities in the first place in a bid for political power. Who knows?
        [removed]
            to be fair the malformed stars are probably arriving in the lands between on said stars, and they seem pretty fucked up evil.

fuck auto correct.
                If this had been a recurrent problem before Radahn froze the stars, surely there would be more lore and signs of it. Everything suggests the star creatures were a very rare and fairly harmless occurence all along, and Radahn conquered the stars out of ambition or vainglory, not altruism.
                    they aren't very harmless, Astel is one of them and destroyed an entire city and stole they're sky. More importantly as well the malformed stars aren't the only invaders, the Fallingstar beasts also seem to enjoy crashing and killing like a bad party guest.
                        The point isn't that they're not individually dangerous, it's that they were never a frequent, regular threat such that Radahn would have taken measures against them.

Additionally, they show up regardless of Radahn's alleged protection, and there aren't more of them after he dies. So clearly that's not what his conquest of the stars was about.
                            well the ones that are around could predate his conquest of the heavens, but I think that the idea that they aren't a major threat is incorrect.

Think about it you only need one malformed star to level a city, similar to a nuke you only need one.
                    >Radahn alone holds Sellia secure, and stands tall to shatter the stars

The Starscourge Conflict is basically Radahn protecting the town of Sellia, who where essentially descendants of Nokstella that was previously destroyed by an Astel. Based on the Collapsing Stars description, this conflict occurred during his studies making it highly unlikely he planned this for vainlgory or ambition because we know he learned gravity magic for his horse.
            He is a good guy, and one of the most moral demigods.

"The starscourge conflict

Radahn alone holds Sellia secure

And stands tall, to shatter the stars." -Caelid sword memorial.

People like to ignore this piece of lore because apparently Radahn is too overrated. He fought the stars themselves because Sellia was in danger (presumably from a creature like Astel, to add to this, Radahn's mentor was an alabaster lord- who are related to the creatures of the stars).

Radahn isn't just a selfish warmonger. And he didn't just halt the stars on his mommy's orders.
                Sellia is the only major town in his region of Caelid, I don’t think him defending it has anything to do with his other job of holding the stars in place. It was also a town full of assassins, based on the descriptions of the spells associated with it.
                    Sellia in the end was still a town of sorcery, and the town Radahn learned gravity magic in (via the alabaster lord that trained him btw). Plus, Sellia as a town of sorcery is inherently connected to things like the primeval current and the stars, it also has a connection to the eternal cities like Nokron and Nokstella. Radahn holding the stars in place had definitely a lot more to do with Sellia's security than people might admit. Unless of course, I'm missing something.
        I feel like people assume he is the big good based on very little tbh. He is shown invading the capital in the opening and nothing implies he was somehow different to any of the other demigods fighting. Morgott considers him a "willful traitor" aswell
            "BUT HIS HORSE–!"

"BUT TSUNDERE!"

People simp for Radahn, Ranni etc for the most shallow reasons.
            I wouldn't really take being a traitor to morgott as a bad thing considering what morgott wants.
                What does he want?
                    IIRC he wants the greater will to continue exerting power over the lands between
                        There’s nothing really implying that Radahn wants anything but that either. Holding the stars in place is only ever shown to be a nuisance to Ranni, who is actively plotting and acting against the Greater Will.
        >Grant his wish and give his warrior death in honor.

I killed him with scarlet rot, please don't ban me.
        Morgott was probably the only one with truly selfless intentions, although he did get to play king for a bit. He shared the thrones with his siblings and created an alliance to maintain what was left of the Golden Order. Like others mentioned,  Radahn did take part in the Shattering and waged war for power and attacked Leyndell itself at some point.
            His intentions were admirable, too bad it involved keeping up the status quo, the continued  slaughtering/subjugating his own kind, and not even trying to find out what's wrong with the Erdtree.
            This is not true. Morgott is most selfish guy in Landsbetween. He dont wants to give his crown to anyone and he keep Landsbetween in status quo. He have Cavalry Knights in everywhere for spying demigods and tarnished. Not the mention he tried to kill us 3 times.
            There's nothin selfless about being a mass murderer tbh
        My headcanon is Radahn, Ranni, and Rykard were all in on the conspiracy to bring down Marika and the golden order. They’re all siblings and children of Rennala and Radagon, who abandoned them to marry Marika instead, leaving Rennala distraught (they wouldn’t know R=M, to them he just left). Rykard got a shard of the rune of death from Ranni explicitly in case they ever had to fight Maliketh. They were all on the demigod council following Godwyn’s death and Marika’s disappearance, which almost immediately devolved into hostilities. It’s implied the first seige of Leyndell was Radahn’s army trying to take the Erdtree, and Jerren has some hidden dialogue where he says he also serves Ranni and Radahn holding back the stars until the right moment is part of Ranni’s plan to overthrow Marika. Of course, Rykard got eaten by a serpent and Radahn was ruined by Malenia’s rot, though Ranni’s plan was still able to be completed.
            [removed]
                It’s not really clear, but I think it was implied he was waiting for the proper time. For whatever reason, Ranni couldn’t enact her plan immediately, and had to wait for the right moment. That’s why the Radahn festival only happens when the stars are aligned, you can see a big astrolabe in Redmane Castle as well. Maybe Radahn also wanted to ensure no space monsters fell down and interfered while the plan took place.
                    Depending on the setting's cosmology, there may actually be something to that. For one thing, if the stars were indeed frozen in place, how could they align? From that, we could assume they were either simply slowed considerably *or* that they were frozen relative to something other than the Lands Between, and that the alignment set up the impact that breached Nokron once they were released.

Of course, "when the stars align" could also have just been a poetic way of saying "when the catering gets here" and Radahn may well have been, when he still had his wits about him, simply acting in opposition to his sister's goals for whatever reason.
                The family was moving away from the accepted sorceries of the time to moon sorceries. The holding of the stars also halted Sellen's plans. The swords at Caelid also say the starscourge conflict was a conflict to save the town of sorcery. You can find Lusat kept prisoner near a cave and the spell he gives you is the primeval sorcery that call down star pieces. Ranalla's plan was implied to be to take over the college with moon sorcery and to do this she had to decrease the influence of the primeval school of sorceries.  

Iji who is a part of the carian royal council is close friends with Jerren the witch hunter who was inducted into Radahn's army as a guest commander. Jerren was introduced to Radahn through the carian royal courts. We know Radahn halted the stars when he was young so this implies he was still welcomed by the carian royal courts. In game jerren sends you to Iji to tell him to let you fight Radahn on behalf of Ranni so her fate is resumed. When we talk to Iji he has like a face palm moment and goes of course how could we forget that the stars control fate for the royals, the path to nokron might reveal itself if the stars resume movement. This implies they were not aware that anything nefarious was taking place by holding the stars, remember that the family wanted to move away from star stuff and move towards moon stuff, by halting the fate dictated by the stars this might be possible.

There is also evidence they support each other as they share faction troops among each others.

The capitol was most likely attacked by Radahn( as per the picture with morgot fighting Radahn ). If you look at the map the capitol was attacked from the left and not from the right. The fighting takes place only on the left. The path leading to the left comes from the volcano manor, this implies that they were working together to attack the capitol.

There is evidence that suggest it was a war between the house of the moon (The Carian Royals) and the golden order.
                This is a big misunderstanding of Ranni's questline. Ranni only needed a way in to Nokstella, it just so happens to do so you need to blast apart the landscape and only a star could do that. Important to note that the one who gave us the solution was Sellen, a sorcerer expert in glinstone magic. Of course her solution would be the stars, Ranni herself didn't say or know his brother was the reason her plans were not pushing through.

Her Age of Stars ending has nothing to do with her and the stars either, as she wants to be free from the influence of all Outer Gods.
            There's one *glaring* flaw in this head canon of yours; Marika is *explicitly* the one that broke the Elden Ring in the first place.

I find it far more plausible that Ranni's goals are roughly the same as Marika's: telling the outer gods to fuck off.
                I think both of them had their own goals, and both of them do want the outer gods to fuck off. In Ranni’s case, that involves overthrowing the golden order and Greater Will, and in Marika’s case it’s shattering the Elden Ring and calling back the tarnished to defeat the Elden Beast. The entire goal of the night of the black knives (which happened pre-shattering) was so Ranni could shed her body and free herself from the Two Fingers’ influence.
                    The lore can be a little unclear since "the Shattering" is also the name of the resulting war. My understanding of the order of events was:

• Marika shatters the Elden Ring.

• Night of Black Knives

• "The Shattering" war

Not entirely sure how much of that is headcanon at the moment.
                        The story trailer clarifies it a bit, the stealing of the rune of death, Night of the Black Knives, and murder of Godwyn the Golden was the inciting incident that drove Marika to shatter the Elden Ring, which then led to her disappearance, distribution of the great runes, and the Shattering wars.
            Jerren doesn't say that. He says he knew Iji once, which tracks with his item descriptions saying he used to serve the Carian royal family before leaving with Radahn, and that the Radahn festival would set Ranni's fate into motion, which is because it involves killing Radahn. If Radahn stopping the stars was part of Ranni's plan to begin with, then we wouldn't need Selen to tell us to kill him, Ranni would know already.
                Hmm, that does makes sense, I might have been misremembering his lines. I think Ranni is asleep by that point though, so she can’t tell us.
                    Surely she would have left instructions.
        To me this is a good example of a classic narrative structure. The world is unevolving and in a stalemate. Nothing is bound to change because the powers in place aren't making any moves anymore. We, the protagonist, are the protagonist (or inciting incident) who set the world in motion.
        Yo, the Elden Ring, the thing that literally balances and orders life in the lands between, has been shattered. Did you listen to the intro haha?
        He is litteraly a warmonger campaigning to become Elden Lord
        I'm not a simp lol. Some are just there to restore or improve the Gold Order.

Depends on the Tarnished I'd say.
    I imagine he pushes him into the sand...i hope
    I know there’s a video on YouTube but I can’t find any
    He actually uses gravity magic to float I think! Fought him yesterday and saw the purple effect under him, right where his legs should have been!
    As i said before, I'm glad he cares about Leonard's safety, but i don't bury my dog when there is a thunderstorm outside!
Ironically, Radahn and Leonard are just as susceptible to fall damage.
    Yeah Radahn has lost his mind so sometimes he simply forgets/mis-times his gravity magic.
        Lore-wise, fall damage isn't a problem. Our character easily shrugs off getting thrown off a huge cliff by Patches, and we also no-sell an enormous fall in the Divine Tower of Caelid. 
Not to mention our other feats of fighting gods.

Fall damage is just a gameplay feature for us and enemies.
            We also survive the fall from the Chapel of Anticipation
                I'm still not sure as to if we actually survive that area and end up getting washed up into the cavern or if we die and end up by some Erdtree roots.

It's certainly possible that we survived, as Fromsoft has used the "You Died" screen for times when our character is canonically just KO'd in previous games (Dark Souls 1 and Bloodborne), and our character can survive injuries like impalement in gameplay, but it's debatable.
                    Nah we survived it. If you pay attention in the beginning when the scion beats you the screen turns black for a bit and you hear dragging and an eventual splash. There is beach you go to from the south agheel lake grace, there is a spirit spring by some tiny octopuses, where you can jump down and reach the beach. The beach has a rear entrance to the tutorial dungeon where its all damp and wet. So you get chucked off the chapel of anticipation and wash up in the tutorial cave where melinia and torrent first find you
                        If you leave your status screen open, the Grafted Scion only drops you to 1 hp so the PC definitely survives the encounter
                            Wonder if that functions like that if you beat the grafted scion.

For anyone unaware, if you beat the scion it'll drop some weapons and the fog gate to leave will fade. You'll step forward and see some butterflies at the edge of the cliff. You walk out to touch the butterflies and the cliff falls apart underfoot and you fall to "YOU DIED". Cause FromSoft. Ends up in exactly the same tutorial location.
                                oh, thats why the cliff is there. thats the spot you get teleported to from the belfrie tower. i turned around and just died
                                I think it was on either one of Zullie's videos or a tweet, that the game keeps a death counter for how many times your character has died. They found that losing to the grafted scion does not increment the counter, but beating it and falling off the cliff does
                                    I died 2,147,483,647 times. My game doesn't work anymore.
                        Thanks for the info. That's always been something I wasn't sure about.
                    [removed]
                        Did you seriously steal someone else's comment from this post? What are you? A karma farming bot?
                    You get the 'you died' text from the Iron maiden that transports you to the area under volcano manir. 

So pc probably survived other instances.
                Leonard is Best boy.
                    I agree, he assisted the Gaffer very well.
                That’s the same kind of “surviving” you do every time you die though, except because you haven’t rested at any grace the world just sucks you underground. I’m pretty sure it even says you died when you fall
            >and we also no-sell an enormous fall in the Divine Tower of Caelid.

First time I hit that drop, I damn near shit myself on the way down. Then I land, take zero fall damage, and find a message on the ground that just says "Legs?"

I love this stupid community so much.
                One of the last places in the game I found and still hadn't been spoiled on that fall. 'Visions of death' indeed my good message leaving chum.
                Wait which fall? Is it after the godskin apostle? Because I haven’t gotten that far…
                    No, just before the apostle.
                        You mean the platforming section? Because I died every time I fell…
                My first playthrough was offline and I missed the part quite a while. I was trained to save and quit when falling, and after seeing the death trap in the chapel of anticipation I didn't even think about not quitting out on that fall.
            tbh I disagree, in fromsoftware games there's virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay. Pretty much everything but the UI has a canon explanation, including multiplayer, multiple playthroughs, and leveling up. There is no ludonarrative dissonance like in uncharted, everything you do is what is actually happening. Id consider it an outlier tbh, like in sekiro being unable to damage this one armored dude yet you can parry giant monsters.
                This idea that fromsoft games have absolutely zero discrepancy between gameplay and lore is consistently contradicted. Not to mention that I literally *just* gave direct examples of the PC easily surviving falls that would kill you in normal gameplay. 

1. You're still able to respawn in gameplay when you're canonically unable to. This happened against the Moon Presence in Bloodborne, Genichiro/Isshin in Sekiro, and after you release Destined Death in Elden Ring.

2. The way that immortality works in Elden Ring is completely different from the respawning mechanic. Immortality in Elden Ring isn't instantaneous—it's a very long process of reincarnation that sees your soul being absorbed into the roots of the Erdtree (which is said by one spirit to require patience). 
Despite possessing grace, the Demigods haven't returned to life even after you die and respawn in gameplay. If respawning worked like the actual canonical immortality, they would have come back to life by the time we do.
All of the other characters suggest that dying is a significant deal and not something that you or they can quickly respawn from, despite the fact that they're all just as immortal as you, and they never respawn when killed.

3. There's no such thing as "other worlds" in Elden Ring's lore. Item descriptions are even meta and explicitly use terms like "multiplayer" and "coop".

4. You're able to damage gods in Elden Ring with weapons that aren't upgraded, despite it being specifically stated by the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone that it requires weapons powerful enough to bend time in order to harm them. Also, RL1 runs are not canon.

5. I-frames don't exist in lore.

6. In the Radahn fight, Alexander says that he was busted open with a single hit from Radahn and hid for the rest of the fight, yet in gameplay, he's a tank. Blaidd also specifically states that the glory of the clash is shared between the Tarnished and Radahn, meaning that the PC was the one who actually did all of the work and defeated him, regardless of whether you just let the summons do everything in gameplay.

7. Characters powerful enough to slay gods in lore can die from small falls and weak enemies in gameplay.

8. In Dark Souls, it says "You Died" despite the fact that you were only KOd and imprisoned by Seath. The same thing happened in Bloodborne with those bag-carrying dudes in the Cathedral Ward that bring you to that gaol. They simply have "You Died" screen because that's how the gameplay works.

And much more, but that's more than enough to convey the point.
                    This was cool to read
                    I agree with everything you said~ *except*~ for the “gods have grace” statement.  So far as I understand ~ the demigods/gods all lost their grace when the tarnished were brought back into grace.  The Greater Will (and grace, by proxy) turned its back on the demigods, as a result of the shattering and the war.

Unless I’m missing something… which is VERY likely.

But all in all~ ER/souls games definitely has dissonance between canon and gameplay~ even if those disconnects are smaller than maybe other games.
                        There's no mention of them losing their grace, and from what we know, the Greater Will isn't the one who controls who has grace and who doesn't. Marika is said to have granted the early grace-given their grace and is the one who took away grace from The Tarnished and was planning on giving it back to them iirc.

It's also implied that the Greater Will just straight-up abandoned The Lands Between. It's mostly just been the Two-Fingers trying to salvage everything. Given that most beings still possess grace, it's clear that grace doesn't stem from the Greater Will.

There's also the fact that the Two-Fingers stated that Marika could continue to rule as a god, despite the fact that she had acted against the goals of the Greater Will before and even broke the Elden Ring, which caused the entire mess. I find it hard to believe that they'd completely reject the Demigods for committing relatively minor sins while they're willing to forgive Marika for a cardinal sin, even when they already have potential replacements for her.
                            This is where I’m confused, because I’m almost certain an NPC (cannot remember whom) explicitly tells you that your mission as tarnished is to kill the demigods, as they have betrayed the golden order and lost their grace.  It is why we are literally guided by grace to kill them and rebuild the Elden Ring.

Now we betray Grace/Two Fingers/Greater Will/whatever~ once we defeat Morgott and aspire to ascend to the mountaintops.  I have a personal theory that it’s partly why Godfrey was drawn back to the Tree to retake his place as Elden Lord, because Grace abandoned us.  Again I could be wrong but I feel like this was explicitly said in game…
                                I've looked around, and I couldn't find anything about them losing grace. The closest thing to that comes from dialogue with Enia and the Two-Fingers, who essentially say that they Greater Will had given up on the Demogods, as none of them were able to become Elden Lord. They don't say anything about having taken away their grace, just that they'll have their great runes taken away by force.

They're implying that it's because of the Demigods' inability to become lord that they've called upon the Tarnished to take them out and take the throne instead, not because of the Demigods committing sin by taking part in the Shattering.
                                    Oh interesting.  I might have extrapolated.  I definitely conflate the GW and Grace, which you say above they are very different with different goals.

Why would grace guide us to kill the Demigods, then… is there a story-based reason for it, or is it just “game-feel” related?
                    1-7 are correct. 8 is not correct in relation to Dark Souls. Undead characters in Dark Souls actually die. They just don't stay dead, and then they either regain (potentially diminished) sanity at a bonfire or remain insane and hollow. Seath exploits the connection between bonfires and undeath to trap the player-character. You do actually drop your bloodstain in the room where Seath kills you---just as with any other death in the game.

In general, FromSoft didn't start to worsen at that kind of consistency between world and gameplay until Dark Souls II and Bloodborne. After that, though, it has been a relatively steady slide, and Elden Ring may be the worst in that regard so far.
                        How would Seath do that? Are there any item descriptions or dialogue for this? Because we've never seen such a thing anywhere else.

Also, I'm pretty sure you drop bloodstains when similar things happen in Bloodborne and Elden Ring as well.
                            While it's unclear *exactly* how he does it, it's no great stretch whatsoever. Seath is canonically one of the most knowledgeable beings about the nature of life and death in the Souls universe. He lives in a vast library of archives where he has done nothing but research immortality for thousands of years. He has successfully grown the crystals which contributed to the longevity of the ancient dragons, has successfully abducted many people in the past in a variety of ways, has been a close confidante and advisor of Gwyn (who originally placed the undead curse on humanity), and his own attacks inflict the curse status effect.

Moreover, there is a very conspicuous bonfire in the cage where you go after he kills you, and it is clearly manipulated as it is cut off from the others for the purpose of warping, and is not the one at which you last rested. The mechanics are frequently part of the storytelling in Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, and I believe that occasion is no exception. You have to lose all of your HP for the Seath encounter to advance you to the cage; when that happens, you die.

I can't speak to the similar occasions in the later games. I'm not as acquainted with their lore, and, again, I think FromSoft was more careless about this kind of stuff in their more recent releases---especially when it comes to simply copying things over from earlier titles.
                                Is there a connection between the undead curse and sorcery? I always thought those were completely separate areas of magic, and Seath was entirely focused on sorcery iirc. 

Also, if Seath is able to manipulate where our soul ends up, why doesn't he just toss us into an abyss if he kills us in the rematch? Or into a different prison cell. And why haven't we seen anything like that in DS2 or DS3 (unless I'm forgetting something from those).

If that's what he canonically did, then I feel like it has a lot of plot holes.
                                    It's not our soul. It's our body. You may be confusing the lore of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls there.

He's obviously waiting for us when we arrive at the archives, and he is obviously not waiting for us when we escape the cell and infiltrate the crystal caves. I'm not sure what you mean by your question about a different cell; we're trapped in that one *because* that's the one with the manipulated bonfire in it. And curse is *not* a form of sorcery as far as we know, which is why it is significant that Seath also personally wields curse as an attack.

But again, the particular details of the functioning of his trap are not explicitly explained to us in the game. Few things in Dark Souls are given the level of specificity that you seem to be requesting. To access the story and world details, players are expected to be able to connect the dots with the partial information they are given, and other things are just left open to interpretation. We simply don't know why Seath is able to do it when he is ready for us in the archives, and not when we surprise him in the caves. Perhaps it requires some preparation, or some proximity to the manipulated bonfire.

Your list of questions about other things he might have done or other points in other games where it might've happened doesn't contain any plot holes, so your mention of plot holes is somewhat odd. The player-character loses all their hit points; the game says 'You Died'; they drop a bloodstain; they respawn at a bonfire. That is what happens when the player-character dies in Dark Souls. It's obviously Seath's fault when the bonfire they respawn at this time is in a cage in Seath's personal prison ward. These are not difficult dots to connect.
                    This is a great list!
                    [deleted]
                        Yes, necessarily. That's how *all* living beings come back to life. From the lowest insect to the highest lord.  They don't even necessarily return to life in their own body, as all of those jellyfish-looking things are formerly children who've been reincarnated.

None of what you're saying is present in the lore.

The only difference is where they're buried, as those with higher honors get buried closer to the base of the Erdtree right at the roots. Others just get buried in catacombs.

No, he doesn't send us anywhere; he's not able to do anything like that. It's simply the roundtable hold. The reason why NPCs aren't there is to prevent the player from accidentally killing them. 
There's nothing in-lore physically preventing us from attacking others in the roundtable. It's just the player character choosing not to attack anything, just like in the Grand Library, the Radahn Festival gathering, Volcano Manor, etc.

Unlike in Dark Souls, which has a convoluted flow of reality that allows for parallel timelines to cross into each other, there is no such thing in Elden Ring. 

Other universes would be a *significant* change to the cosmology as we know it, but there isn't a single bit of dialogue or item description that actually supports it.

Releasing Destined Death is exactly what it's said to be—it releases the concept of Death into the world to allow for a true death. Releasing it allows for "death, indiscriminate" as opposed to only the body dying, and those given grace being allowed to live once again.
                            [deleted]
                                I just looked up all of Gideon's dialogue, and I couldn't find any such statement. No, he absolutely does not control the roundtable. If anyone at all does, it would be the two-fingers, but even that doesn't have any evidence supporting it.

The exact same thing happens in plenty of different areas in the game without any explanation whatsoever. You're just coming up with headcanon.
                    I didnt mean to imply there absolutely no disrepency, there has to be some, but there is also a consistent thread with a bunch of outliers. "Lore" versions of game characters are in general just unbrindled wank of every single hyperbole fandom can find as well as cancerous powerscalling that usually doesn't even make sense. It's the same for Dark Souls, Bloodborne, TES, Destiny or Undertale. Like, to say that the tarnished is impervious to any and all falls is just a similar level of wank IMO. it was bad enough that people claimed solar system level Dark Souls bosses. Elden Ring is going to be even worse. For this reason, gameplay feats are the best measure of a characters power and competence.

-Ofc youre still able to respawn, the game would end right there otherwise

-I don’t know if it’s explained in ER but in dark souls, everyone’s world is linked and can phase in and out, and with the stones you can phase into someone else’s world. Pretty much just have Knight Solaire’s dialogue to go off of and idk if that’s much of a lore implication.
In ER, I haven’t found an NPCs that have explained it but the Lands Between are probably linked like Souls games.

I frames dont exist, but it enables a certain ludonarrative thread. Even at RL1/SL1, anyone who is alive can be killed,  both the player and the enemies working on the same set of rules. Even while crazy bosses seem to be overpowered, often their movesets are limited by set potentials for their patterns, stamina, and stagger-potential; and all this combined to make gameplay experience where skill, strategy, and perseverance resulted in consistent and predictable accomplishments. Its fuckin great
                        Sounds like you just don't understand how games and power-scaling work. You have to go off of author-intent, which is told in the lore, not the gameplay. Otherwise, you end up with street-level Kratos and Dante who can't even bust walls despite the fact that they've killed cosmic beings explicitly stated to be far above that.

The fact that you think the Tarnished being able to survive any fall is "wank" when they can kill gods which explicitly require literal time-bending levels of power to be harmed is utterly absurd and only makes you seem incredibly biased.
                            Haven't played dmc but kratos has gameplay  feats that qualify his godhood. 

I do agree with taking author intent into consideration! I just don't think we should cherrypick which gameplay elements to ignore when judging a character, especially in fromsoftware games that tries to unify the gameplay and lore as as well as it does. Otherwise they just get wanked higher than most people's interpretation of the character when playing the game. Like, what does time-bending levels of power even mean, and does that really say anything about the characters durability? Not that it matters, but it's fun to talk abt

I appreciate the reply lol
                                Kratos and Dante in gameplay can't even bust walls. They can shatter small amounts of stone/concrete at most with their more powerful moves, whereas in the lore, they're capable of defeating cosmic beings that damage the fabric of reality. 
Kratos scales to Ouranus, who created the universe with his birth, as well as to Thor and Jormungandr who broke apart time and destroyed the Yggdrasil with their fight, yet he can get get easily killed by Draugr in gameplay. He's explicitly stated to be able to carry the world with Atlas, but he struggles with chests, and Cory Barlog directly explained that he struggles with chests for the sake of gameplay—to give the player a bit more interaction.

Considering that the lore is essentially the story, and that author intent is told through the story, then lore is prioritized over gameplay. Gameplay should only be used when they're consistent with lore. That's why regular shooter game characters shouldn't be considered bulletproof or immortal even though they can rank bullets and respawn in gameplay, as that's generally not consistent with the story.

Likewise, if the lore states that a character has cosmic levels of power, but they can't even break a bit of stone due to gameplay limitations, then the lore should be prioritized, as *that* is the story.

Fromsoft tries to tie lore to gameplay more than the average games do, but even back in Demon's Souls, there were discrepancies, as the Slayer of Demon's could kill a demon that was capable of killing dragons with his bare hands as a human, but that same Slayer of Demon's would struggle immensely with killing Dragons even with weapons.

The Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone item description states that it's from a realm outside of time, and bends time to allow the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god. Meaning that any sort of weapon not capable of that would be unable to harm a god according to the lore.

There's also other examples like Meteorite of Astel, which is stated to have leveled a city, but in gameplay, it doesn't even cause any sort of environmental damage.
                >  in fromsoftware games there's virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay

that is absolutely absurd and literally any surface level examination disproves that. you've been smoking too much ludonarrative crack  rock.
                    It isn't absurd. Like bioshock, fromsoftware games have gameplay elements that harmonizes with the story. I'm just having a simple disagreement on a character lol, chill
                        'gameplay elements that harmonize with the story' isn't the same thing as 'virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay'

just take the L bro
                            > 'virtually

look up what this means, bro
            Wait, when did we fall from the tower?

Also, patches never existed on my game. I found his bell there in the cave, early game. Feel like I missed out.

Overall, I had 3 quest lines I couldn’t finish due to glitches.
                In the Divine Tower of Caelid, when you're going down to the Godskin Apostle, right before the final elevator, you fall from a height that would 100% kill you in normal gameplay.
            Dude fuck patches. Lost 30k runes after being thrown off that cliff, which is still a lot to me. I went back and killed that dumbass, I’m so sick of his shit.
    Ironic. He could save his horse from gravity, but not himself.
        Is it possible to learn this power?
            If you have enough points in INT yea
                hot dog
            Not from the two fingers...
    So is the consecrated snowfields death bird.
        Fuck that bird
            Why everyone hate them so much? I thought they were pretty easy tbh
                Well, they are unbelievably horrifying.
                    Fair point
        There are multiple Death birds right? Wonder what the lore is behind those wacky fellas.
            Looking at some of the early lore items, they seem to be the custodians of death from before the Erdtree who cremated the dead in their fires. But the Twinbird Kite Shield reveals that they are in fact scions of another Outer God that sent their mother to the Lands Between just like how the Greater Will sent the Elden Beast.
                Hm, wonder if the crucible is in fact another outer God’s will then…
                    Considering all the machinations we know of, I do get the distinct feeling that there is very little that does not stem from one outer god or another.
            They seem to be the old worship of natural death that precede the Erdtree. Of course, they eventually got rolled into the whole thing with the Mausoleum Knights in tow. The actual birds themselves don't seem to be too pleased about it as they're not part of Erdtree worship and take massive, massive holy damage.

They're also on every above ground land mass apart from upper Limgrave.
                Wait what, meaning there’s one in the peninsula, caelid, liurnia, altus, the mountaintop, snowfield, and farum azula? >.> HOW DID I MISS ALL THESE?!?!?
                    Well, not FA...
                        Oh, well that’s still 4-5 birds I’ve missed since I only remember seeing one or two.
    Leonard must just have access to some OP spirit springs.
Torrent can't even tank someone holding a torch to his face smh
    Those torch guys are the ultimate Torrent killer
    Torrent is a simp for flame lances
    I knew torrent was feeble when i discovered his whimsical double jump
My boy torrent needs a poise buff. Leonard can tank 50 hits from the elden avengers without flinching yet torrent can get stun-locked by a fricking sheep.
    Leonard is the hardest working horse in any souls game... barring maybe Ludwig's horse that fused to him in Bloodborne.
        I don’t think there’s any lore about that for Ludwig. He just turned into a hideous beast that happens to look like a horse.
            It is said that Ludwig "rode out" from the Great Bridge during the hunts. He was a mounted hunter and it could either have been a sick inspiration for what he became or the horse actually fused with him
                Plus there's the fact that he has far more limbs than most beasts, who only have four. Ludwig is the only exception iirc
                    I want to add that there's some item description or dialog (its been far too long) that describes that basically, the more devoted you are to the faith/the more priestly you are, the more vicious and crazy of a beast you can become. I always assumed that Ludwig with just super super into the whole church thing, and with that magic sword boosting his faith even further, he lost himself way more than really anyone else.
                        It's less of a faith thing and more the amount of blood consumed. The item you're talking about is likely the sword hunter badge. Still, my favourite thing about these games is that the lore can spark this kind of discussion. Very fun
                            If it is [amount of blood consumed] then it would still make sense. He was THE hunter for quite a while, and probably got hurt and needed way more healing than the average joe.
                            Sword Hunter Badge: “Ludwig was the first of many Healing Church hunters to come, many of whom were clerics. As it was, clerics transformed into the most hideous beasts."
    I like the fact that the best way to fight endgame enemies is to dismount tho
        Literally seems like they designed a lot of harder enemies to turn Torrent into a trap. They seem to spam attacks with insane tracking when you ride him.
    Radhan gave Leonard a gravity magic shield, what did YOU do for your horse?
        Farmed him some frozen raisins and shared my blesstus with him
            You couldnt even thaw them out? tsk tsk
    I'd love some armor for my horse. No reason not to add a few pieces of armor you pick up from defeating sentinels and other mounted bosses. The armor would give Torrent better defense / poise. 

Unless the players stats somehow factor into Torrent's defense, I would very much like some bling for my horse.
Makes me think of how much of a missed opportunity gravity magic is in this game. Like you could use it to negate fall damage or lift enemies into the air and slam them down or something
    best we can do is chucking rocks
    I'm already hearing the Mass Effect biotics sounds in my mind and it's awesome.
        Therefore, time for singularity
            "Damnit, Liara, you're gonna crash my game!"

"Haha, singularity go brrrrrrttt!"
        Sometimes enemies just need a little Push
    I wonder how the lifting enemies up would work though, especially on larger enemies or bosses. Would the spell simply not work on them or would they just stumble?
        I think it would be cool if there was scaling to it. Like the higher your INT level/staff level is then you could lift bigger or heavier enemies. There could be some exceptions like Radahn obviously or just bosses in general. The bigger enemies would just be more resistant to it
            Could just also be like Astel's gravity attack where even if it doesn't lift you up, if you're in the radius, the slam down will still deal damage. So even without the utility of keeping an enemy suspended in air, it's still lethal.
                To be fair astel's pretty bullshit to mele range users though.  Between the god-awful camera angles and the range on it, oooof.
    They could've given us the effect of lifting enemies and smashing them on ground in the waves of darkness ash of war but nope. I have this same complaint about a lot of cool boss moves that we can't use.
    There's actually an incantation to reduce fall damage.
If Radahn can use gravity magic to protect Leonard from his own weight, he can probably use gravity magic to protect Leonard from the impact as well, I would think.
    He doesn't take Leonard with him, he slams him into the sand before launching into the air. You can see the horse come back up when he lands too
    Leonard doesn’t go up for that attack and I’d assume he’s using the magic to make himself super heavy.
This is an absolutely slanderous claim you have made against  Torrent who works very hard to carry your ass back and forth the Lands Between. He believed in you before anyone else did.

For this slight, prepare to be invaded sir. We shall settle this like gentleman.
    Our Torrent,

So stronk,

Takes tail swipes to the face

No complaints


Tarnished complains

Torrent says "give me flask"

We say yes

Power attack R2

Rune bear 50%

-Edgar Allan Elden Ring
        Poetry
            Edgar Alan POEtry





I'm leaving. You can't catch me.
    With a horseback battle on our torrents!... oh right ._.
    Do you quarrel sir?
        Quarrel, sir! No, sir.
        Happy cake day
    Honestly I feel guilty AF every time I get hit and notice only Torrent got hurt.
        just feed him some berries and his ripped entrails / broken legs are healed and he is happy...
    200 levels in and I never fed him a single thing... Such a stoic boi
When I first started playing, I thought that double-jumping on Torrent would break fall damage, because I landed at the bottom of a spirit spring and didn't know that they negated falling. The *second* time I used double-jump to try to break a fall was very disappointing.
Straight up though, what do we lose if we let Torrent double jump break falls?  Verticality isn't as much of a fucking hassle? Oh no.  There's actually no reason.  We cant use him in dungeons, so that doesnt matter.  They can still have death barriers for things like the forge, so that doesnt matter.  We go up to get to the capital, not down, so that doesnt matter.  
  
TLDR; Let torrent fly
    It looks like he creates a little platform when he double jumps so it feels like you should be able to bypass fall damage with it but maybe they thought it would let you speed through maps too much.

Also lowkey disappointed that he is just immune to surfaces rather than magically running ontop of the water in swampy areas.
        I don’t think it’s actually an issue with them trying to prevent people from taking shortcuts; I think it’s simply a limitation of how the engine was designed to calculate fall damage. 

The engine calculates damage by comparing the height difference between your starting point, where you jump or fall from, and where you land; if the height difference is between those two locations is greater than a specific number you take damage. 

In order for the current engine to allow for double jumping to reset the damage check the game would need to track and record torrents height at every double jump so it can calculate the damage on landing. 

It’s likely that this simply wasn’t a priority.
            Since you mentioned it, this also probably prevents our runes from floating in mid air halfway down a cliff.
                That would be a fun one try minigame. Also really easy to bypass this.
            What about spirit springs? as long as you jump from one you wont die from falls unless it ends up in the ocean
                It's actually a kind of buff, when you go into it you get a little gust affect around you and it negates fall damage, you can jump down into the springs, as long as you come somewhat close to it before impact it does the little wind buff thing and negates the fall damage.
                That's different; with the spirit springs it just turns off fall damage for the jump, or if you're within the safe landing area. It doesn't have to check where you are compared to where you last jumped to determine if you can survive it because it doesn't even run that check.
            There's clearly areas in the overworld purposely designed so that you can't just drop down to it with Torrent.
                There's like one in caelid leading to the great jar. Can't think of any others off the top of my head that require you to get there from somewhere else
            Unless their codebase is insanely fucked, removing fall damage from a double jump may be as simple as resetting distance fallen when the user presses the double jump button. The game also already tracks distance fallen at a moment's notice anyway, whenever the player walks off the cliff. 

I find it hard to believe that FromSoft can have issues with something this simple unless of course, their implementation of the mechanic is insanely convoluted and unmaintainable.
                Yep. It's not an implementation problem. I don't know what people are on saying that it is. They just didn't want to allow the player to scale downwards infinitely with a double jump as it would significantly alter how the world could be traversed; you could fall just about any distance on horseback trivially but getting back up would be a much bigger issue. No place in the overworld could present the challenge of descending safely. The world would either need to be made mostly an uphill terrain with less flat land or feel much more flat as a result.

Limiting the maximum downwards distance one can fall on horseback essentially places a hard cap on how far you can move downwards, in any context, with specific exceptions to make exploration more interesting and rewarding. You have to look down if going downwards can kill you. If it can't, all you have to look out for is bottomless cliffs.
            [deleted]
                They'd have to treat torrents jump as solid ground, meaning your runes could get stuck midair and I'm sure lots of other unintended bugs.
                    No... just when he jumps, set a new height to calc the fall from. Making a torrent jump the same as solid ground would be very sloppy coding.
                    [deleted]
                        Him taking fall damage? Intended 

Him dying past 20m? Not intended but they didn't care

If it isn't a limitation then why do bosses still die from 20m falls? Seems like they'd program them to not die that easily

I'm sure there is a way around it (they patched the fire giant cheese somehow) but I'm guessing it's not an easy fix as its not implemented often  (if at all, I'm pretty sure fire giant is the only exception to fall damage)

Edit: auto correct
                            [deleted]
                                You're talking to a bag of rocks with fingers. Im sorry.

Torrent's jumps are already tracked so that the second input makes him jump. Duh. You just add an extra not even a line of code that resets the height fallen variablr. If Torrent generates a ground surface when he doublejumps, just ignore the first height difference (off the cliff to double jump location) and account for height fallen after the second input.

Its not rocket science. Its basic logic. Really basic.
                                    preamble: I think it was a design decision, not an implementation issue.

but, it should be said that there’s a huge gap between basic logic and simplicity in implementation.
                    No? Just reset the number on a double jump. A direct change. You don't need to go in and program an environmental change to manipulate a variable you can edit directly.
            [deleted]
                He’s getting downvoted because thats a very silly theory. It would be computationally negligible to reset fall damage, and its plainly obvious that fromsoft uses fall deaths to partition the map
                But it's not an engine limitation, they could easily alter fall damage calculations. No, it's a deliberate design decision by the level designers, to funnel characters down certain pathways. The ER overworld is built around corridors that interweave and overlap, with specific funnels to guide you to points of interest and frame the landscape. Being able to easily hop from one to another would break that design principle.

BOTW designers made it far too easy to bypass terrain using the glider, and that made travel a tad too generic. Even Elden Ring isn't perfect, fast travel is actually a bit too fast, but at least it only applies to your second trip through an area.
                    BotW actually did every single thing better than FROM, except for combat.   
  
I don't want specific funnels.  Its an open world game.  You can guide the player without forcing them (they already implemented this with guiding grace).   In BotW you could go straight to wherever you wanted.  I didnt need to stare at a map and run around the same cliff for a fucking hour trying to get up/down.  It's a pain in the ass, and makes exploring one too.  That combined with the shit rewards (oh boy! another artorias leaf that Ill never use!) made me not even want to explore.   BotW mayve also had some lackluster gifts, but the world was a treat to explore.  You got to do interesting puzzles, and use interesting game mechanics, not just fight through annoying imp spam every dungeon.  Dont even get me started on the music.
                [deleted]
                    [deleted]
                        [deleted]
                            It's because of landscape design and funneling the player down certain paths at certain times towards certain points of interest. It's a level-design necessity.
                It's obvious that the OP doesn't know anything about programming is why
            Is it from the starting point of the jump, or the last instance of stable ground? Because the whole stable ground mechanic in FS games might account for why Torrent's double jump doesn't count.
            This is most likely not the case, unless their code is complete garbage.
            Most ledges you shouldn't be able to get down to in the overworld usually have a hidden grave stair or roots that you can parkour down to, only exception being Radahn's arena. So Torrent double jump not negating fall damage shouldn't be a world design problem.
        Here’s the thing tho, science dictates that a double jump that completely breaks your downward momentum and turns it into upwards momentum would be extremely bad for your health. It’s not the hitting the ground part that kills you, it’s the very, **VERY** rapid deceleration after the massive acceleration you just experienced. It creates two very polar opposite forces that just crushes you. 

A double jump at terminal velocity, just before the hitting the ground would be just as lethal as hitting the ground.
            Actually, a double jump at terminal velocity should be *more* lethal than hitting the ground, because you accelerate more to change direction than to stop
            "Science dictates" that double jumps are impossible. Any point that presupposes the existence of a double jump can't then point to science.
            It isn’t the fall that kills ya, it’s the sudden stop at the end. Except if you decided to say fuckit and not only stop but go the opposite way at the end? You’re extra dead
            >science dictates

it's literally a magical horse
    It's part of directing the player into areas they wouldn't otherwise go.  The game is designed around traversal puzzles as part of the environment.
        "Traversal puzzles"  
  
Looking for a jump pad isn't much of a puzzle.  Trial and error of scaling a cliff side is tedious.  It's just bad design to pad game time, just like all the copy pasted bosses and dungeons.  Most people want to see the whole map anyways, and if they dont, they shouldnt have to.  It's pointless.  It would be significantly more enjoyable if they either omitted or changed it.
    To be fair, they'd have to go through and program the game to instantly kill you on Torrent if you're using the double jump to reach areas not usually intended to be reached.

I can understand how it would be really game breaking really quickly, it's just we're left with a rather awkward situation where Torrent dies even though the inertia of a fall is sometimes that of a 2-foot drop.
        They already have drop kill zones in all those places to prevent that
    I assume there's a coding/mechanical reason for it. The "auto death" height is 20 meters for every entity in the game that has HP. Even with the Soft Cotton buff or the Longtail Cat talisman or Assassin's Approach buff, you still die instantly when hitting the ground after a 20 meter fall. Hell, even bosses die instantly like that (see previously patched cheese of killing Fire Giant and Radahn by making them fall off a ledge).

Making Torrent the unique entity that DOESN'T die after a 20 meter fall would probably require some tricky coding additions. Either that or changing it's entity class to something that flies (like you mentioned).
        The guy who replied to you is being downvoted, but he failed to mention something.

/u/Greensburg  is right. It's not tricky at all. How do I know this? Because *it's already in the game.* Ever jump off a cliff into one of the updrafts? They turn off fall death, and damage, by making an exception for Torrent's case.

Now go back and remove your downvotes for not thinking your arguments through.
        It's...really not tricky at all. Just make an exception for Torrent's case, or make the double jump reset the distance flag.

Actually, the fact that many bosses die to fall damage is probably just an oversight on their end. They forgot to add exceptions for those cases since they didn't think they would ever be susceptible to fall damage.

There is no such thing as a "hard-coded auto death" that developers have to get around. They have complete control over their engine. The 20m rule just applies to all entities by default, but can be easily overwritten.
            I think you misunderstand. The game engine is coded such that 20 meters is the "you die no matter what" height when you hit the ground. Changing that would involve an entire codebase update, which would be hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours of work and QA testing.

The same thing can be said about the double jump mechanic. Calculating fall height is a "one and done" type of thing ie the game engine saves the beginning elevation of your fall/jump and then assigns damage based on the landing elevation. Having the engine do TWO fall height calculations and save TWO data sets and calculate those in tandem seems possible, but would also take many hundreds of hours of engine re-coding. And it's also possible this would cause un-do stress on older CPU/GPU in things like the PS4 or XBone.

If they wanted to change the way Torrent acted when landing on a surface after a great height, they would need to change it's entity class to a flying entity and also make it so that it never actually touches the ground (making Torrent essentially "fly"). This would be similar to how the bullshit Stormhawks work.
                So how come spiritspring jumps work?

It's literally not a coding issue. It's a deliberate level design choice. There's so many places where you can see something below you but have to find a safe route to it (the canyon in Caelid that's only accessible via Siofra for example) that they don't want to break the intended route to.
                Wow, great essay based on nothing but assumptions. How do you explain spiritsprings then?
                Its much easier to consider a "flying" entity as a grounded one, and just change the location of the hurtbox and textures. Having multiple entity types is unnecessary, the "flying" enemies just dont jump.

You dont need a check on *every* jump or *every* action. You're also way overblowing the amount of testing it would require to add a single extra check to a single entity with a long list of exceptions.

The only time any additional calculations would have to occur is if and only if a second jump input is executed. No input execution, no code execution. Yes, it will be waiting until it hits the ground with another caveat, but again, thats an extremely small and lightweight change to a heavily used component of the game. Its not gonna increase lag to add a single flag to *one npc*.
                Tell me you know nothing about programming without saying you know nothing about programming.
                With your assumptions, even if you reset fall height and recalculate the fall damage every single time Torrent double jumps it's at most a 100% load increase on the hardware with respect to Torrent jumping only. The complexity class would still be the same, and the player isn't double jumping every time.
        Thats the dumbest shit Ive ever heard.   No, its really not hard.  Theyve been doing that since *at least* Gamecube days.  Even if it wasn't as simple as reseting fall distance when double jump is pressed (hint: it is), you can give him the immune to fall damage status effect that you get from the jump pads for the distance of 20 meters in double jump.  Since you fall at a consistent speed, we know exactly how long it takes to fall 20 meters, and could give that duration to the buff.  
  
Its a bad design choice, not an implementation limit.
    [deleted]
        Radahns arena, Consecrated Snowfields, and many other places.
        It invalidates half of the really well done world design. They didnt put cliffs and elevation difference in the game just for fun. Areas would feel so much more boring and smaller if you can just jump down everywhere.

Fromsoft is really good at hinting and guiding players to certain paths via the environment you might not even actively notice.

E.g. in limgrave the cliffs funnel most players towards the church of elleh and gatefront ruins. The drop towards mistwood seperates that area quite well too. Elevation differences in both direction are constantly put to good use.

Just look at bit at the entire overworld map and pay attention to all the cliffs and how they shape areas and how you experience those areas.

People will point to some big skips that would techincally be possible (unless they put in more death planes everywhere) but the real problem is that the entire world is designed with fall damage in mind and  removing that just makes it significantly worse in every way. It is the small detours and the ability to give your world somewhat of a flow towards certain areas and paths that is worth so much.

You could technically replace every important drop with a cliff that goes up instead but that would just look crazy stupid in many places and you would end up with incredible heights (even more so than already the case). Imagine Liurnia of the Lakes but the central swamp is up on a mountain instead..
    this isn't a Ubisoft game dude. you will die
    It makes half of the world design pointless. There are a lot of places where elevation differences force or guide you to certain paths. Even just in limgrave there are the cliffs at the coast and river/lake areas, the cliff kinda seperating the mistwood area form the main limgrave area, etc. They all are an important part of making the area a bit more complex and feel bigger because you can't just go in a straight line to where you want to be. You actually need to find a good way down.

Eldenring uses height differences to really great effect in many many places.
        Walling me off from another area doesnt make it a great design.  How would letting me jump from the belfreys to the mistwood below make any difference in the game, other than saving me time?  Most of the game, progression is upwards.  No fall damage doesn't affect intended progression.  You still need 2 shard bearers dead.  You still need to kill Morgott and Godfrey.   
  
I dont want Elden Ring to feel bigger.  It already feels too big for its own good.  Verticality is nothing but a hindrance to this game.  It restricts player freedom for no value.  It is there to pad game time.  Period.
    He can fly, I just suck at pulling off the glitch because I’m on xbox
Absolutely maidenless activity. 


Torrent is the only reason yo ass is elden lord
    that mf is also the only reason I died 3 times trying to get to jarburg.
        Never thought I'd say this but 

Skill issue
            Yeah if you’re using torrent to traverse DOWN the gravestones on a cliff face then you deserve the death lmao. Just dismount, so much easier
Leonard is Best boy.
SMH this Torrent slander
[deleted]
    I felt the same when I saw Commander O'Neill

SG-1, I missed you...
    Is it pronounced Lee-oh-nard or something weird though?
        It doesn't have a pronounciation guide or anything, it's only used in the code
Man I hope dlc brings in horse armor with effects or something
    I don’t even care if it has effects I just want to bling out torrent
        Bro could you imagine? Night Calvary torrent?
            Nobody ever talks about Night Cavalry but they look cool as hell.
                Bro their armor and weapons are baller af
                    Not to mention they’re the ones that give you the most OP ash of war in the game
                I am too busy cowering in fear of them/the night.
                    Death Birds are the worst for me.  Fuck those guys.
        >bling out Torrent

I hope we can do neon underglow like in Need For Speed
        Same. I wanna give him a haircut and some cool ass barding. If I could get my boy some full plate armor to go with mine…
    > Man I hope dlc brings in horse armor

[Never thought I'd hear this sentence](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/events/horse-armor)
        Really should’ve been in base game tbh
    I think that would be considered “pay to win” if it’s not free dlc.
        I mean we got regular weapons in the game how is that pay to win exactly? It’s no different than getting a whole new shiny weapon from the dlc then bringing it back to the base game like you know everyone did back in ds3
            The paired ringed knight great swords wrecked fools
                Exactly my point that thing was vicious
As someone with 641 hours on Scout in TF2, that fall damage after the double jump was so disappointing to see.

I was all like "Scout trained me for this!" and then Elden Ring slapped me with

#YOU DIED

as Torrent stubbed his toe from a 2 foot drop. (inertia-wise)
Furthermore (wild guesses)

* Torrent: \~500kg, Me: \~120kg
* Leonard: \~30kg, Radahn: \~60 metric tonnes
    > 120kg

you should lay off the Estus dude. it's giving you a serious beer belly..
        Including armor and equipment, dude! I'm not *Let Me Solo Her*
            >not playing naked like every experienced player since DS1 to dunk on tin cans and rollmaxx

>thinking someone with a redhead fetish invented the playstyle

ngmi
Ahh this is an example of radahn's fallacy. Can you resummon Leonard by consuming one flask of crimson tears? No. 


Can you resummon Torrent by consuming one flask of crimson tears? No   

...

...
  
  
  
  










Yes
Yeah but can Leonard help you get illegally acquire anime?
I am a simple man. I see chad Radahn, I upvote.
Torrent is a sweet boy that will carry you to the bird farm.
I was pretty certain that right before he jumps he straight up stomps Leonard into the sand.
Stand by for Leonardfall!
Leonard spin-off game pls Fromsoft
Torrent gets hit 2 times then abandons The Tarnished to die alone.

Leonard gets hits multiple times, but never leaves Radahn sides.

They are not the same.
That poor horse has probably dealt with some wicked lethal rot farts over the years.
    Mustard gas is nothing compared to a Radahn fart
Best boss in the game
Yes my General
Wait wait wait, does he take Leonard with him???
    No, he actually stomps him underground instead. But I like to pretend that Radahn falls from the orbit with his horse.
To be fair Leonard was protected from the scarlet rot, I dunno about your Torrent but mine spent a fair bit of time wading in it while I was attempting to farm the crescent moon scythe.
Then proceed to die by not being able to swim...
Pretty sure he actually smashes him into the ground w his foot before the jump and then pulls him out when he lands, but i could just think that bx he does it for almost every other attack
They should have made torrent upgradeable
Is the horse actually named Leonard? or is it just a name the community gave him.
    google it dude.
        No… how about you people actually give context to these shit memes FFS
            I said it as "Google it to convince yourself"
                No you didn’t. You said it like an a hole.
but guess who gets to be the Elden lord's steed?
[deleted]
    Go drive your car off a 400ft high bridge then come back tell me how it "felt".
        [deleted]
            You didn't say double jump on your previous comment hence why i said that. Nor did you mention the wind gust spring platform. Maybe you should stop being **stupid as fuck** and be more specific next time.

Also i know it's fantasy game. Doesn't mean all logic gets thrown out the window for fuck's sake.

I'm out. Kiss my ass 😒🖕
        Instructions unclear,got stuck in washing machine
            Help me, step-tarnished!
But can he disappear into thin air? 🧐
Please tell me it's canon that Radhan's horse is named Leonard. Please.
    apparently it was found in the game files
[removed]
    This seems really interesting to me. I'm not an expert on the subject but I'm pretty sure that gravity has very little to do with time. It's a space deformation and even though they are named together (space-time) manipulating space deformations doesn't have to change anything in the Time Dimension. So gravity sorcerers can manipulate the space fabric, which is still a really cool concept, but while they don't break the fabric, the one-dimensional time might not be altered. Please correct me if I'm wrong, but I kind of remember reading that they put the two names together because time cannot be measured without space, or something like that.

All of this was because I think that manipulating space deformations is a really cool concept. This has to be an anime superpower somewhere.
        [removed]
            Dayum then that famous time relativity example about the twins, where one travels at a speed close to c so his time goes slower, how would that change of velocity and therefore time experimentation affect space? Does it have something to do with it at all? Is it like you would be flattening the space occupied by your mass or something? I really like this stuff but the way you explained was a bit mind-blowing for me, I need to connect your explanation to my own knowledge to process it lmao.
Leonard = Tokyo Drift mount
Leonard likes this post!
Just realized we killed Leonard. Damnit!!!
There should be a shooting star incantation where you come from the sky and obliterate everything
Are we the fucking bad guys?
Only one of them is near immortal though.
It’s more fun to just imagine Leonard lifting this 2 ton man up into space
> elden ring free torrent


> : how to get torrent in elden ring



This was on purpose
When Radahn does that attack he pushes Leonard into the ground with one of his foot stumps, and Leonard burrows (?) to the location he lands
Agh I hate Dying from fall damage on torrent
Lmao
Something something gravity magic that still works after having most of your brain destroyed.
well then, go master gravity magic and maybe torrent will be cooler
But Radahn has control of gravity so little Leonard is never in pain..... I hope. I feel bad for the horses in this game.
Leonard is the elden beast in disguise testing you before the final fight to make sure you are worthy to br elden lord.
💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Hey its not torrents fault the player decided to jump from a 50 story cliff and thought he'd be okay.
I still love torrent
Radahn actually had two phases but the second phase where Leonard dons radahns armor and avenges his friend was cut
The horse is the real radahn starhorse
“Leonard, we’re jumping out of low earth orbit. I hope you stretched!”
Man fuck Torrent. Slow ass horse doesn’t know the meaning of haste
    Shadowfax aint been by in a while :(
His name is Leonard?! So cute
Honestly, Torrent is kind low-tier as far as abilities go. He cant shoulder charge or kick life every other horse, he cant shoot fireballs like the draconic sentinels or use magic like Radagon’s wolves, he doesn’t wear armour or have any means to increase his stats (except Poise).
    I mean he can materialize out of thin air every time we need him so that’s something
        So can the Night Calvary, and the sentinels are fused/soul-bound to their horses.
            well shit that's it then
I shall not tolerate Torrent slander
We need to show some love to torrent , he literally carried us 90% of the game
I swear FromSoft never heard of the logic and benefits of a double jump. The point of it is you reset the first jump so you can fall deeper.
Radahn is riding a horse? Guess I gotta be more observant next time I fight him. I thought it was all him.
    I had no clue either until my second play through . It’s not very apparent
    >Radahn is riding a horse?

And there's surprisingly heartwarming lore behind that, but I won't spoil.
HIS HORSE IS NAMED LEONARD?!
Torrent sucks in so many ways. he has no poise, and  if he dies he leaves you susceptible to attack for so long with enhanced damage.
Everyone's horse is better than torrent. even the WOLVES are a better steed than torrent
Torrent would survive that attack too! Fall damage is calculated by the Y position difference between start and landing. It doesn't matter how high you go in between.

I think this is why speedrunners survive those giant leaps they sometimes do

If your magic was strong enough to jump that high, torrent would happily come with you
    So if you somehow get "catapulted" high into the air and land at the same spot, you don't take damage?

I wonder what the advantage of such programming approach is. I'm no game dev so perhaps I'm overlooking something, but I would simply made a check that when the character lands on solid ground, their vertical velocity is checked and damage is applied based on that. Is there a reason to not make it this way?
        Yes, that would deal no damage at all

If you did it your way, a double jump would make the landing save. Plus, the damage calculation is really simple if it's done this way.
The way it is implemented makes you take the same damage from jumping down a cliff and walking down the same cliff.

There is a great video by illusory wall called "Elden ring Disected #1 - Fall Damage Explained" that dives deep into this topic. Mainly to explain why fall damage seems random sometimes
            Thanks for the tip, I'll check that video out.
Still Elden ring is easy to understand and easy to play so i don't understand how people dies from fall damage with torrent.
    yeah dude, you're so good, the rest of us are trash
        I didn't say i was incredibly good at the game but ok oogie boogie.
            Do you just run from a main boss to the next? Or are you actually exploring and try to land on some whacky ass mini platform, because you believe there could be rare loot hidden?  
If you do the 2nd one, you gonna die a lot on Torrent.
                I don't really understand what you mean, i got every trophies on the game so yeah i explored everything and killed every boss but i didn't had trouble doing some platform with torrent.

The only thing that was annoying the first time was to get to the three fingers.
Agreed, Torrent sucks.
    Torrent believed in you before anyone else did. Cut him some slack.


Torrent is a Chad. But Leonard is a GigaChad.
        Torrent has gotten me killed more times than he saved me. Gotta love randomly taking double damage when only torrent gets hit.
They really need to rethink double jumps and readjust fall heights.
Hahahaha this is very glorious
Janky ass horse 😅
Fall damage in this game is based off time and not height that is why double jump actually increases your chance of dying
    Nope.
    Not true
    https://youtu.be/Fm-QA4rZPYk
Leonard what of Arabia?!?! That name sounds like royalty to me are you royalty?!?! From now on your names Gomer Pyle!
    Fail lol
        Oh shit you're right, haven't watched fmj in a while lol
Something something gravity magic that still works after having most of your brain destroyed.
fucking love this, A class meme right there
Goddam this is a good meme
This post made me laugh which is rare, thank you stranger
But does Leonard have horns? No, I didn't think so. Checkmate.
Yes, my General!
Can't wait to fight Leonard in the dlc, reverse artorias sifd style
I still can’t get over his horse’s name. It’s just so…normal
Don't be rude! They are both good dogs.
Torrent serves you well during some of the most hardcore battles the lands between have ever seen.
Tbf that's less on Leonard and more on Radahn
I like to imagine the meteor move was Leo’s idea.
    [cut to Radahn crouched down staring intently at the dirt where Leonard is sketching his plan with a hoof]
Based meme anon
Leonard boss in DLC please
He’s hung like a horse
Among men, Radahn; Among horses, Leonard.
God damn horse is built like a steak house, but handles like a bistro.
So am I the only one bothered by how torrent seems to be a mule and not a horse. Not that I don’t love Mules they are adorable and torrent is adorable. But common guys he’s clearly a mule. Give the best mule the respect he deserves he’s not just horse, he’s also half donkey!
Yeah but in all fairness radahn has gravity powers so maybe that's how he pulls it off
lol i thought this was about a competitor to bittorrent protocol
It’s more fun to just imagine Leonard lifting this 2 ton man up into space and crashing back down unaffected.
    Leonard the secretly yoked horse.
        [removed]
    The attack is solely from Leonard himself.
        Radhan doesnt actually fight, hes just being puppeteered by leonard like ratatouille
            His mind is gone, to the horse.
                His soul is gone, to the horse.

All he was once was is now the horse
                    Rykard wasn’t the only one consumed by a sinister creature…
                        Sinister?
                            Leonard’s eyes are *pretty* shifty… I think he has PLANS for The Lands Between.

Images of Ludwig….
                            Eh, Radhan is a tricky bastard.
                            I believe you meant stepsister, Oh no Step horse Leonard is stuck again 😂
                    More horse than a man, or maybe more man than a horse.
                    Guess he's just horsing around the whole fight.
                *dog
            Leonard Linguini does not ride Remy like a horse while he is controller to cook. Remy more or less rides Leonard underneath his chef hat. Get your lore straight, sir.
                Leonard the horse is also pulling Radahn's hair to direct him, just like Remy. Just... different hair.
                    Does the lore suggest that the carpet matches the drapes?
                        No reason to believe the curse of the Fire Giants manifests only in the North.
                            My God this comment thread is cursed. I love it
                            This alone has turned this into the best thread I've read in a while
                B cooler if he did
            Wait so is he pulling his pubes to control him
            In Ratatouille the chef was puppeteered by his hair from his head. Radahn is being puppeteered from below...

Ouch.
        Yes the secret is Leonard *also* learned gravity magic and is actually better at it than Radahn!
        "At the count of 3, push me up"
        What about the *Leonard* attack on the Wookiees?
        Leonard was the real boss all along, Radahn is just his puppet
    Honestly i think it took me a whole fight or two to notice he was on a horse, i lost that battle bc i was laughing so hard at how ridiculous he looked lol, so yes I love the idea of the horse being ridiculously OP
    Radahn even with the Scarlet Rot eating away at him definitely weighs more than 2 tons lol. Elephants weigh more than that I'm pretty sure.
    Just basic radahn magic
    2 tons is a gross underestimate…
He did study gravity magic. So its possible for him to maybe create a well around Leonard to softly push or carry him during the fight. Being able to shift gravity on people/animals/things, is an amazing feat on its own. The amount of possibilities is incredible!
    well, realizing that he is doing the same to FUCKING SOLAR BODIES, doing it to people and living being sounds extremely easy in comparison

Edit: i presume the amount of likes is because u all notce the reference from MaXor s video
        The stars Radahn is holding back aren't solar bodies, they're creepy space creatures.
            I think some are, like the falling star beast or astel, to be fair he's called a malformed star, however we also see that the stars are clearly not actual stars or at least in our world, one collides with the lands inbetween and just makes a hole in the ground instead of completely wiping out the planet.
                It’s possible he’s holding back real stars as we know them but any meteors and Astels in the space between were also held in stasis
                    Technically that could be true, but if astel is called a malformed star, like he's an actual deformed star, do stars hsve genetic code. Why the fuck is he like not that big at all. Also that means stars form differently, meaning not like our stars.

However the main reason why I don't think this is the case is it'd simply make him too powerful, I mean he'd be much stronger than markia. I mean he lost to being nuked by rot, why didnt he just crush malenia with some grav. Malenia is clearly not planet level.

Also the stars literally move so their like our world in size but they move and fall like fictual stars, meaning they clearly already broke the rules of being like real life stars.

But yeah if he could hold back stars theirs absolutely nothing stopping him from literally crushing the planet or even the erdtree, or even us, into nothingness.

Thats just my logic, and I, with absolute conviction, believe these stars arent that big, unless you say otherwise you seen smart.
                I was wondering the whole time how anyone survived that blast from that star lol. Also radahn can survive shooting himself down like a comet but dies to some sword swipes from a lowly tarnished
            The star that impacts when you kill him is not a monster. He try to hold the stars to stop Ranni from archive her destiny
                That “star” is a “falling star” which is just a cute way to describe a comet 💫or meteor☄️ that has begun to break up upon entering the atmosphere. One capable of punching a hole in the ground that deep should have completely flattened limegrave (if not most of the lands between) with mistwood in it’s entirety being reduced to a red hot crater. Even if the elden ring stars are not really stars they are still massive objects. If he had left go of said stars he probably would have been able to terraform the lands between to suit his needs using only gravity magic.
                    That's not necessarily true. Even if we assume that it's appropriate to calculate the forces involved in fiction like a sweaty powerscaler (which we shouldn't because that's not how it works), Limgrave is hollow. A fairly small meteor could have shattered the relatively thin layer of rock covering the Nokron-Siofra underground area, and evidently did, since Limgrave is no flattened and the Mistwood is largely intact.

It's also pure speculation how much power Radahn needed to hold back the stars, since we have no idea what exactly he did to them in the first place.
                        You missed my point. Elements of realism are not present in in elden ring bc they would have implications that break the lore. A single 50m meteor can leave a [600 ft deep crater](https://meteorcrater.com) If he could hold this back he would have been stronger than the elden beast and capable of just smushing anything infront of him into the ground with ludicrous amounts of force which would make 0 sense lol. But at the same time he would need to be holding back some sizable meteors in order to leave such a massive crater too. He was clearly capable of lifting a considerable amount of mass with gravity magic as shown in the cutscene with him and malenia when he tears apart the ground lifting his swords in the flashiest way possible. Also there would be no excuse for gravity magic and gravity AoWs for being so mid if it could be used to smush things directly. So for lore and player combat a lot of things were made a bit nonsensical so ambiguity would aid it and keep people talking about it.
                It's not a star either, just a comet.
        Literally holding space in place to keep away the horrors it holds
            O yeah, possible more ASTELS and nighmarish  Bulls as well
                The "Wait. Are we the bad guys?" moment hits. Though I can't say that
            I mean he was taught gravity magic by one of the space horrors (an onyx lord), he was holding it in place to checkmate Ranni
            That's not why he did it as far as we know. There were already Astels and fallingstar beasts around before that, and they weren't a major threat then, so there's no reason to assume the Lands Between urgently needed that protection.
                >they weren't a major threat then

Idk, Nokron would probably disagree.
                    The Astel in Nokron was sent by the Greater Will, it's not a threat to the Golden Order.
                        How do yall get this deep in the lore? Is it all in the item descriptions? Ive figured out a few things on my own that way but not nearly to the extent some of yall have.
                            Osmosis.

(Also yes, mostly item descriptions. And dialogue sometimes. And a healthy dose of personal interpretation.)
        Weeeeell technically the more mass an object has the easier it is for it to be affected by gravity so teeeeeeeeeechnically it's way more impressive to use gravity on something really small like a horse. Just saying
    Leonard is party why he can weld gravity magic. It is in one of his item descriptions. Which honestly makes it so much better.
    Fairly certain that the official answer is he did learn gravity magic so he wouldn't crush his horse. He's actually floating a few cm above Leonard the whole fight right? Plus the whole holding back the stars thing
I think Radahn burys his horse in the sand before AOE so he doesnt get hurt. Good guy Radahn. 

But seriously, something that I realized after playing for 60 hours is that out of everyone, including myself, the only good guy is Radahn. Rest are fueled by their greed or motives. Even I, a tarnished, am coming into this foreign world, breaking the balance and harmony, fucking everyone up because I gotta simp that blue doll. Radahn, on the other hand, wants nothing but strength and good for his world. Stopping stars and shit from destroying world. Felt really bad for killing him, but I had to do one good thing I could do. Grant his wish and give his warrior death in honor.
    Harpies literally sing in latin about how fucked the world is due to the gods abandoning order, the problem ain't us homie
        There's a RussianBadger video on Fallout New Vegas with the incredible title:

*UNSTOPPABLE MORON MAKES NUCLEAR WASTELAND NOTICEABLY WORSE*

The place is certainly already fucked but the undead idiot with a giant hammer sprinting around screaming "***UNGA BUNGA***" isn't really going to be making things much better. Really the only certainty is that a lot of things will be left a lot flatter...
            Except when you literally do make things better through multiple ending possibilities
                Or even just killing certain bosses. You can't tell me that getting rid of fucking Godrick the Grafted isn't a net positive for the Lands Between.
                    But tbf any other demigod could've done so too, he was said to be the weakest by far and even Morgott's projection is stronger than him. If he decided to end Godrick's foolish ambitions, it would just be a small trip for him to fuck him up and noone would know it was Morgott since they don't know their king is an omen.
                        But none did do anything, part if the reason the worlds so shit atm
                            Tearing down someone's evil regime's nice and all but who's going to build things back up again, and will the power vacuum create worse strife?
Luckily for us Nepheli Loux steps in although it'll probably be Gostoc and The Great Kenneth Haight running the show.
                        But obviously none of them wanted to. Morgott was protecting him, even.
                Killing Dung Eater is 100% a Good Thing. Ideally turning him into a puppet so he won’t reincarnate is more appropriate but also more ambiguously evil.
            Sometimes you just gotta scrap it and start over
            You know what? Thinking of my character as an unstoppable, immortal doom-bringer makes the game much less stressful. Think you’re gonna kill me off? I’ll re-spawn and come right back at you until you’re dead.
            I remember that fallout reference lol
        Wait is that the translation of the song they sing?
    “Breaking the balance and harmony” em did we play the same game coz the lands between are not especially peaceful
        This land is peaceful, its inhabitants kind...
        Ranni’s ending is still the worst
            It's like the best, just because the Greater Will is definitely separated from the Lands Between.
                It’s only better then the flame of frenzy ending since all the Elden lord endings have a better outcome, the greater will isn’t the villain, Ranni is for causing the shattering
                    There are actually some good videos that go deeper into Ranni's ending. There's this idea that she is actually evil but this stems from some mistakes made in the localization. In her Japanese dialogs she says that she hates the fact that the life on earth is determined by the order established by the great will. She wants to set the world free from such dependence by moving the order into the starts so that no man can fight again to put his hands on such power.
                        Yeah I know about the translation but still the golden order is something that is beneficial for everyone especially with fia’s or Gold mask’s endings, if the world is already great for everyone why change it?
            Elaborate
                Well it is better then the frenzy ending but I think that every Elden lord ending is better cause o think the greater will was already a great order destroyed by Ranni
    If Radahn is a good guy, Miquella is the definition of saint...also since you know, he's apparently St Trina. But seriously, I get that people like Radahn but at this point it feels like everyone is purposefully misinterpreting the lore or adding tidbits that arent factual to push Radahn up and push other characters down when the most positive thing he has done is learn gravity magic to stay on his horse, who is probably suffering a fate worse than death by the time we arrive.
        yea all i see out of that horse is pure misery
            That's made me chuckle a bit because now all I can imagine when I'm running at him with the npc characters is that we are all animal activists XD
        Gravity or no, the poor animal if forced against it's will to carry a rot-carrying monster that devours the flesh of 'friend and foe alike'. I would like to believe Leonard is wishing for death at this point.
        Miquella’s ability of “allure” is very vague and could range from charisma to straight up magical manipulation. When you also consider the lore we have of St Trina, it’s not a good outlook. One of the items mentioning St Trina essentially calls her (Trina is supposed to be a woman) as pure terror or the incarnate of evil. I forgot which item it was. But that’s not a good outlook for a saint lol.

I am just convinced that we are going to fight Miquella in one of the DLC’s and possibly in one of the final phases (if not the final) will be St Trina; maybe Miquella and Malenia will become one. When you beat Malenia we are not explicitly shown a “Legend Felled” or equivalent as we do with other major bosses, so I do not believe we’ve seen the last of her. I don’t think that was accidental, and upon beating her there’s a giant Scarlet Aeonia flower.
            >When you beat Malenia we are not explicitly shown a “Legend Felled” or equivalent as we do with other major bosses

That's a crazy detail and definitely intentionally done. Even if they left it open-ended she's coming back for sure!

My bet is on Miquella as well, if they do a Twin Princes-esque fight that'd be insane but he seems set up to be a Griffith/Femto kinda arc and I imagine he'd be the ultimate boss fight (like how Gael was in DS3's Ringed City), something they've perhaps always wanted to give proper justice to. They've always had Guts stand-in characters like Artorias and Gael, Blaidd in Elden Ring, I've heard people make claims for Ludwig and Orphan of Kos as well but they seem their own thing to me.

Ludwig has a Sif connection in his OST so he seems more an homage to Artorias/Sif specifically as well as the Moonlight Greatsword/Holy Moonlight Sword being an homage to their Kings Field games, really that fight is a celebration of their history and success and one of the greatest boss fights ever created, truly a work of art.

And Orphan is a great example of the Other we fear, tragic while being a huge pain in the ass to fight.
            If the Lore I read is correct malenia after she turn in a flower after we beat her she need to reborn another time for completing her role as a spawn of the scarlet rot god, next big dlc gonna be a whole new region full of scarlet rot enemys and a malenia in its her real final form... At least I hope so....

BTW I noticed that radahn don't have feet, he just have some magic who keep him "flying"

P.s. Sorry for bad English
            You dont get any message for killing demi-gods its not special for Malenia.
        The connection is there, but I think since there were tons of demigods and offspring in general before the Shattering, St. Trina might not be Miquella, but a sibling that either left (we know one demigod fled the lands between) or died when they were killing each other over the Great Runes.
    Eh... he's not really that good. He still took part in the wars following the shattering. He's just like the rest of them.
        Plus if you actually look at his horse, that poor thing is suffering. Just let it die in peace
        There had to be an Elden Lord, pretty much everyone acknowledges this, and there was no way forward but war.
            Ok? But aside from the way he treats Leonard, and the fact that he held back the stars (something that was in his best interests for him to do) there is very little evidence towards him being a good person
                >something that was in his best interests for him to do

Technically it was still to save Sellia which was said to be doomed.
                All his men respect him even after his death, fighting the rot and holding the festival to give him a proper celebration. It’s clear that he definitely had an impressive reputation and was honorable or charismatic enough that people pledged their loyalty to him. As long as you weren’t on the other end of his sword, he probably was a pretty swell guy to be around, even if he was a power-hungry warlord demigod.
                    That's really not unusual for a warlord and both Malenias and Miquellas troops are also extremely loyal.

They only one who doesn't appear to have any loyal followers is Godrick.
                        Very true! Miquella would also be a super good candidate for a “Good” demigod if he hadn’t been kidnapped by Mohg; he was incredibly beloved by everyone, created unalloyed gold specifically to help his sister manage her scarlet rot, and left to painstakingly grow his own special healing tree when it was clear the Erdtree wasn’t going to do shit about his and Malenia’s curses. 

Also it’s implied the reason Godrick doesn’t have any loyal followers is because they all died or deserted after his disastrous attack on the capital. All he has left are sellswords, mercenaries, and exiles.
                            I think there was also some stuff about Godrick himself rejecting his few remaining troops because he blamed them for his losses rather than himself. That is how the bandits working with Patches became bandits.
                            Miquella is basically maxed out charisma

he could have been manipulating his followers for sure
                                Miquella’s on the edge between charisma and manipulation. There’s definitely a magical aspect to it, but it’s certainly not mind-control. Miquella certainly doesn’t seem malicious or evil, he just wants to cure his and his sister’s curses. I’ve even wondered if part of Mohg’s “attraction” to Miquella is an unintended side-effect of Miquella’s charisma aura; Mohg may have initially just wanted to kidnap and Moghwyn-ify him but his ambition combined with Miquella’s magic presence led to the twisted situation
                            One of the powers of miquella is being loved by everyone, and the unalloyed gold in the head of the soldiers(everything that haves it) amplify the power and let miquella absolute manipulation
                                Is that evidence for you that he is bad person or someone tjat is hated by all of his people.
                                Is there a source for that? I know that unalloyed gold is used to ward off scarlet rot and the outer gods, but I don't remember them also amplifying miquellas power
                        Some say Godrick's followers are still giving him a hand to this day!
    Miquella is definitely the most moral of the demigods; we really don’t know exactly why Radahn fought in the Shattering in the first place, leaving his motives in question.

 With Miquella, though, it’s pretty explicit that he wanted a new and more inclusive Order that would incorporate all who were spurned by grace, without discrimination of prejudice - and he developed a concrete, effective method of repelling the influence of outer gods.

Radahn, for all we know, could’ve been fighting to keep the status quo - or might’ve started the hostilities in the first place in a bid for political power. Who knows?
    [removed]
        to be fair the malformed stars are probably arriving in the lands between on said stars, and they seem pretty fucked up evil.

fuck auto correct.
            If this had been a recurrent problem before Radahn froze the stars, surely there would be more lore and signs of it. Everything suggests the star creatures were a very rare and fairly harmless occurence all along, and Radahn conquered the stars out of ambition or vainglory, not altruism.
                they aren't very harmless, Astel is one of them and destroyed an entire city and stole they're sky. More importantly as well the malformed stars aren't the only invaders, the Fallingstar beasts also seem to enjoy crashing and killing like a bad party guest.
                    The point isn't that they're not individually dangerous, it's that they were never a frequent, regular threat such that Radahn would have taken measures against them.

Additionally, they show up regardless of Radahn's alleged protection, and there aren't more of them after he dies. So clearly that's not what his conquest of the stars was about.
                        well the ones that are around could predate his conquest of the heavens, but I think that the idea that they aren't a major threat is incorrect.

Think about it you only need one malformed star to level a city, similar to a nuke you only need one.
                >Radahn alone holds Sellia secure, and stands tall to shatter the stars

The Starscourge Conflict is basically Radahn protecting the town of Sellia, who where essentially descendants of Nokstella that was previously destroyed by an Astel. Based on the Collapsing Stars description, this conflict occurred during his studies making it highly unlikely he planned this for vainlgory or ambition because we know he learned gravity magic for his horse.
        He is a good guy, and one of the most moral demigods.

"The starscourge conflict

Radahn alone holds Sellia secure

And stands tall, to shatter the stars." -Caelid sword memorial.

People like to ignore this piece of lore because apparently Radahn is too overrated. He fought the stars themselves because Sellia was in danger (presumably from a creature like Astel, to add to this, Radahn's mentor was an alabaster lord- who are related to the creatures of the stars).

Radahn isn't just a selfish warmonger. And he didn't just halt the stars on his mommy's orders.
            Sellia is the only major town in his region of Caelid, I don’t think him defending it has anything to do with his other job of holding the stars in place. It was also a town full of assassins, based on the descriptions of the spells associated with it.
                Sellia in the end was still a town of sorcery, and the town Radahn learned gravity magic in (via the alabaster lord that trained him btw). Plus, Sellia as a town of sorcery is inherently connected to things like the primeval current and the stars, it also has a connection to the eternal cities like Nokron and Nokstella. Radahn holding the stars in place had definitely a lot more to do with Sellia's security than people might admit. Unless of course, I'm missing something.
    I feel like people assume he is the big good based on very little tbh. He is shown invading the capital in the opening and nothing implies he was somehow different to any of the other demigods fighting. Morgott considers him a "willful traitor" aswell
        "BUT HIS HORSE–!"

"BUT TSUNDERE!"

People simp for Radahn, Ranni etc for the most shallow reasons.
        I wouldn't really take being a traitor to morgott as a bad thing considering what morgott wants.
            What does he want?
                IIRC he wants the greater will to continue exerting power over the lands between
                    There’s nothing really implying that Radahn wants anything but that either. Holding the stars in place is only ever shown to be a nuisance to Ranni, who is actively plotting and acting against the Greater Will.
    >Grant his wish and give his warrior death in honor.

I killed him with scarlet rot, please don't ban me.
    Morgott was probably the only one with truly selfless intentions, although he did get to play king for a bit. He shared the thrones with his siblings and created an alliance to maintain what was left of the Golden Order. Like others mentioned,  Radahn did take part in the Shattering and waged war for power and attacked Leyndell itself at some point.
        His intentions were admirable, too bad it involved keeping up the status quo, the continued  slaughtering/subjugating his own kind, and not even trying to find out what's wrong with the Erdtree.
        This is not true. Morgott is most selfish guy in Landsbetween. He dont wants to give his crown to anyone and he keep Landsbetween in status quo. He have Cavalry Knights in everywhere for spying demigods and tarnished. Not the mention he tried to kill us 3 times.
        There's nothin selfless about being a mass murderer tbh
    My headcanon is Radahn, Ranni, and Rykard were all in on the conspiracy to bring down Marika and the golden order. They’re all siblings and children of Rennala and Radagon, who abandoned them to marry Marika instead, leaving Rennala distraught (they wouldn’t know R=M, to them he just left). Rykard got a shard of the rune of death from Ranni explicitly in case they ever had to fight Maliketh. They were all on the demigod council following Godwyn’s death and Marika’s disappearance, which almost immediately devolved into hostilities. It’s implied the first seige of Leyndell was Radahn’s army trying to take the Erdtree, and Jerren has some hidden dialogue where he says he also serves Ranni and Radahn holding back the stars until the right moment is part of Ranni’s plan to overthrow Marika. Of course, Rykard got eaten by a serpent and Radahn was ruined by Malenia’s rot, though Ranni’s plan was still able to be completed.
        [removed]
            It’s not really clear, but I think it was implied he was waiting for the proper time. For whatever reason, Ranni couldn’t enact her plan immediately, and had to wait for the right moment. That’s why the Radahn festival only happens when the stars are aligned, you can see a big astrolabe in Redmane Castle as well. Maybe Radahn also wanted to ensure no space monsters fell down and interfered while the plan took place.
                Depending on the setting's cosmology, there may actually be something to that. For one thing, if the stars were indeed frozen in place, how could they align? From that, we could assume they were either simply slowed considerably *or* that they were frozen relative to something other than the Lands Between, and that the alignment set up the impact that breached Nokron once they were released.

Of course, "when the stars align" could also have just been a poetic way of saying "when the catering gets here" and Radahn may well have been, when he still had his wits about him, simply acting in opposition to his sister's goals for whatever reason.
            The family was moving away from the accepted sorceries of the time to moon sorceries. The holding of the stars also halted Sellen's plans. The swords at Caelid also say the starscourge conflict was a conflict to save the town of sorcery. You can find Lusat kept prisoner near a cave and the spell he gives you is the primeval sorcery that call down star pieces. Ranalla's plan was implied to be to take over the college with moon sorcery and to do this she had to decrease the influence of the primeval school of sorceries.  

Iji who is a part of the carian royal council is close friends with Jerren the witch hunter who was inducted into Radahn's army as a guest commander. Jerren was introduced to Radahn through the carian royal courts. We know Radahn halted the stars when he was young so this implies he was still welcomed by the carian royal courts. In game jerren sends you to Iji to tell him to let you fight Radahn on behalf of Ranni so her fate is resumed. When we talk to Iji he has like a face palm moment and goes of course how could we forget that the stars control fate for the royals, the path to nokron might reveal itself if the stars resume movement. This implies they were not aware that anything nefarious was taking place by holding the stars, remember that the family wanted to move away from star stuff and move towards moon stuff, by halting the fate dictated by the stars this might be possible.

There is also evidence they support each other as they share faction troops among each others.

The capitol was most likely attacked by Radahn( as per the picture with morgot fighting Radahn ). If you look at the map the capitol was attacked from the left and not from the right. The fighting takes place only on the left. The path leading to the left comes from the volcano manor, this implies that they were working together to attack the capitol.

There is evidence that suggest it was a war between the house of the moon (The Carian Royals) and the golden order.
            This is a big misunderstanding of Ranni's questline. Ranni only needed a way in to Nokstella, it just so happens to do so you need to blast apart the landscape and only a star could do that. Important to note that the one who gave us the solution was Sellen, a sorcerer expert in glinstone magic. Of course her solution would be the stars, Ranni herself didn't say or know his brother was the reason her plans were not pushing through.

Her Age of Stars ending has nothing to do with her and the stars either, as she wants to be free from the influence of all Outer Gods.
        There's one *glaring* flaw in this head canon of yours; Marika is *explicitly* the one that broke the Elden Ring in the first place.

I find it far more plausible that Ranni's goals are roughly the same as Marika's: telling the outer gods to fuck off.
            I think both of them had their own goals, and both of them do want the outer gods to fuck off. In Ranni’s case, that involves overthrowing the golden order and Greater Will, and in Marika’s case it’s shattering the Elden Ring and calling back the tarnished to defeat the Elden Beast. The entire goal of the night of the black knives (which happened pre-shattering) was so Ranni could shed her body and free herself from the Two Fingers’ influence.
                The lore can be a little unclear since "the Shattering" is also the name of the resulting war. My understanding of the order of events was:

• Marika shatters the Elden Ring.

• Night of Black Knives

• "The Shattering" war

Not entirely sure how much of that is headcanon at the moment.
                    The story trailer clarifies it a bit, the stealing of the rune of death, Night of the Black Knives, and murder of Godwyn the Golden was the inciting incident that drove Marika to shatter the Elden Ring, which then led to her disappearance, distribution of the great runes, and the Shattering wars.
        Jerren doesn't say that. He says he knew Iji once, which tracks with his item descriptions saying he used to serve the Carian royal family before leaving with Radahn, and that the Radahn festival would set Ranni's fate into motion, which is because it involves killing Radahn. If Radahn stopping the stars was part of Ranni's plan to begin with, then we wouldn't need Selen to tell us to kill him, Ranni would know already.
            Hmm, that does makes sense, I might have been misremembering his lines. I think Ranni is asleep by that point though, so she can’t tell us.
                Surely she would have left instructions.
    To me this is a good example of a classic narrative structure. The world is unevolving and in a stalemate. Nothing is bound to change because the powers in place aren't making any moves anymore. We, the protagonist, are the protagonist (or inciting incident) who set the world in motion.
    Yo, the Elden Ring, the thing that literally balances and orders life in the lands between, has been shattered. Did you listen to the intro haha?
    He is litteraly a warmonger campaigning to become Elden Lord
    I'm not a simp lol. Some are just there to restore or improve the Gold Order.

Depends on the Tarnished I'd say.
I imagine he pushes him into the sand...i hope
I know there’s a video on YouTube but I can’t find any
He actually uses gravity magic to float I think! Fought him yesterday and saw the purple effect under him, right where his legs should have been!
As i said before, I'm glad he cares about Leonard's safety, but i don't bury my dog when there is a thunderstorm outside!
Yeah Radahn has lost his mind so sometimes he simply forgets/mis-times his gravity magic.
    Lore-wise, fall damage isn't a problem. Our character easily shrugs off getting thrown off a huge cliff by Patches, and we also no-sell an enormous fall in the Divine Tower of Caelid. 
Not to mention our other feats of fighting gods.

Fall damage is just a gameplay feature for us and enemies.
        We also survive the fall from the Chapel of Anticipation
            I'm still not sure as to if we actually survive that area and end up getting washed up into the cavern or if we die and end up by some Erdtree roots.

It's certainly possible that we survived, as Fromsoft has used the "You Died" screen for times when our character is canonically just KO'd in previous games (Dark Souls 1 and Bloodborne), and our character can survive injuries like impalement in gameplay, but it's debatable.
                Nah we survived it. If you pay attention in the beginning when the scion beats you the screen turns black for a bit and you hear dragging and an eventual splash. There is beach you go to from the south agheel lake grace, there is a spirit spring by some tiny octopuses, where you can jump down and reach the beach. The beach has a rear entrance to the tutorial dungeon where its all damp and wet. So you get chucked off the chapel of anticipation and wash up in the tutorial cave where melinia and torrent first find you
                    If you leave your status screen open, the Grafted Scion only drops you to 1 hp so the PC definitely survives the encounter
                        Wonder if that functions like that if you beat the grafted scion.

For anyone unaware, if you beat the scion it'll drop some weapons and the fog gate to leave will fade. You'll step forward and see some butterflies at the edge of the cliff. You walk out to touch the butterflies and the cliff falls apart underfoot and you fall to "YOU DIED". Cause FromSoft. Ends up in exactly the same tutorial location.
                            oh, thats why the cliff is there. thats the spot you get teleported to from the belfrie tower. i turned around and just died
                            I think it was on either one of Zullie's videos or a tweet, that the game keeps a death counter for how many times your character has died. They found that losing to the grafted scion does not increment the counter, but beating it and falling off the cliff does
                                I died 2,147,483,647 times. My game doesn't work anymore.
                    Thanks for the info. That's always been something I wasn't sure about.
                [removed]
                    Did you seriously steal someone else's comment from this post? What are you? A karma farming bot?
                You get the 'you died' text from the Iron maiden that transports you to the area under volcano manir. 

So pc probably survived other instances.
            Leonard is Best boy.
                I agree, he assisted the Gaffer very well.
            That’s the same kind of “surviving” you do every time you die though, except because you haven’t rested at any grace the world just sucks you underground. I’m pretty sure it even says you died when you fall
        >and we also no-sell an enormous fall in the Divine Tower of Caelid.

First time I hit that drop, I damn near shit myself on the way down. Then I land, take zero fall damage, and find a message on the ground that just says "Legs?"

I love this stupid community so much.
            One of the last places in the game I found and still hadn't been spoiled on that fall. 'Visions of death' indeed my good message leaving chum.
            Wait which fall? Is it after the godskin apostle? Because I haven’t gotten that far…
                No, just before the apostle.
                    You mean the platforming section? Because I died every time I fell…
            My first playthrough was offline and I missed the part quite a while. I was trained to save and quit when falling, and after seeing the death trap in the chapel of anticipation I didn't even think about not quitting out on that fall.
        tbh I disagree, in fromsoftware games there's virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay. Pretty much everything but the UI has a canon explanation, including multiplayer, multiple playthroughs, and leveling up. There is no ludonarrative dissonance like in uncharted, everything you do is what is actually happening. Id consider it an outlier tbh, like in sekiro being unable to damage this one armored dude yet you can parry giant monsters.
            This idea that fromsoft games have absolutely zero discrepancy between gameplay and lore is consistently contradicted. Not to mention that I literally *just* gave direct examples of the PC easily surviving falls that would kill you in normal gameplay. 

1. You're still able to respawn in gameplay when you're canonically unable to. This happened against the Moon Presence in Bloodborne, Genichiro/Isshin in Sekiro, and after you release Destined Death in Elden Ring.

2. The way that immortality works in Elden Ring is completely different from the respawning mechanic. Immortality in Elden Ring isn't instantaneous—it's a very long process of reincarnation that sees your soul being absorbed into the roots of the Erdtree (which is said by one spirit to require patience). 
Despite possessing grace, the Demigods haven't returned to life even after you die and respawn in gameplay. If respawning worked like the actual canonical immortality, they would have come back to life by the time we do.
All of the other characters suggest that dying is a significant deal and not something that you or they can quickly respawn from, despite the fact that they're all just as immortal as you, and they never respawn when killed.

3. There's no such thing as "other worlds" in Elden Ring's lore. Item descriptions are even meta and explicitly use terms like "multiplayer" and "coop".

4. You're able to damage gods in Elden Ring with weapons that aren't upgraded, despite it being specifically stated by the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone that it requires weapons powerful enough to bend time in order to harm them. Also, RL1 runs are not canon.

5. I-frames don't exist in lore.

6. In the Radahn fight, Alexander says that he was busted open with a single hit from Radahn and hid for the rest of the fight, yet in gameplay, he's a tank. Blaidd also specifically states that the glory of the clash is shared between the Tarnished and Radahn, meaning that the PC was the one who actually did all of the work and defeated him, regardless of whether you just let the summons do everything in gameplay.

7. Characters powerful enough to slay gods in lore can die from small falls and weak enemies in gameplay.

8. In Dark Souls, it says "You Died" despite the fact that you were only KOd and imprisoned by Seath. The same thing happened in Bloodborne with those bag-carrying dudes in the Cathedral Ward that bring you to that gaol. They simply have "You Died" screen because that's how the gameplay works.

And much more, but that's more than enough to convey the point.
                This was cool to read
                I agree with everything you said~ *except*~ for the “gods have grace” statement.  So far as I understand ~ the demigods/gods all lost their grace when the tarnished were brought back into grace.  The Greater Will (and grace, by proxy) turned its back on the demigods, as a result of the shattering and the war.

Unless I’m missing something… which is VERY likely.

But all in all~ ER/souls games definitely has dissonance between canon and gameplay~ even if those disconnects are smaller than maybe other games.
                    There's no mention of them losing their grace, and from what we know, the Greater Will isn't the one who controls who has grace and who doesn't. Marika is said to have granted the early grace-given their grace and is the one who took away grace from The Tarnished and was planning on giving it back to them iirc.

It's also implied that the Greater Will just straight-up abandoned The Lands Between. It's mostly just been the Two-Fingers trying to salvage everything. Given that most beings still possess grace, it's clear that grace doesn't stem from the Greater Will.

There's also the fact that the Two-Fingers stated that Marika could continue to rule as a god, despite the fact that she had acted against the goals of the Greater Will before and even broke the Elden Ring, which caused the entire mess. I find it hard to believe that they'd completely reject the Demigods for committing relatively minor sins while they're willing to forgive Marika for a cardinal sin, even when they already have potential replacements for her.
                        This is where I’m confused, because I’m almost certain an NPC (cannot remember whom) explicitly tells you that your mission as tarnished is to kill the demigods, as they have betrayed the golden order and lost their grace.  It is why we are literally guided by grace to kill them and rebuild the Elden Ring.

Now we betray Grace/Two Fingers/Greater Will/whatever~ once we defeat Morgott and aspire to ascend to the mountaintops.  I have a personal theory that it’s partly why Godfrey was drawn back to the Tree to retake his place as Elden Lord, because Grace abandoned us.  Again I could be wrong but I feel like this was explicitly said in game…
                            I've looked around, and I couldn't find anything about them losing grace. The closest thing to that comes from dialogue with Enia and the Two-Fingers, who essentially say that they Greater Will had given up on the Demogods, as none of them were able to become Elden Lord. They don't say anything about having taken away their grace, just that they'll have their great runes taken away by force.

They're implying that it's because of the Demigods' inability to become lord that they've called upon the Tarnished to take them out and take the throne instead, not because of the Demigods committing sin by taking part in the Shattering.
                                Oh interesting.  I might have extrapolated.  I definitely conflate the GW and Grace, which you say above they are very different with different goals.

Why would grace guide us to kill the Demigods, then… is there a story-based reason for it, or is it just “game-feel” related?
                1-7 are correct. 8 is not correct in relation to Dark Souls. Undead characters in Dark Souls actually die. They just don't stay dead, and then they either regain (potentially diminished) sanity at a bonfire or remain insane and hollow. Seath exploits the connection between bonfires and undeath to trap the player-character. You do actually drop your bloodstain in the room where Seath kills you---just as with any other death in the game.

In general, FromSoft didn't start to worsen at that kind of consistency between world and gameplay until Dark Souls II and Bloodborne. After that, though, it has been a relatively steady slide, and Elden Ring may be the worst in that regard so far.
                    How would Seath do that? Are there any item descriptions or dialogue for this? Because we've never seen such a thing anywhere else.

Also, I'm pretty sure you drop bloodstains when similar things happen in Bloodborne and Elden Ring as well.
                        While it's unclear *exactly* how he does it, it's no great stretch whatsoever. Seath is canonically one of the most knowledgeable beings about the nature of life and death in the Souls universe. He lives in a vast library of archives where he has done nothing but research immortality for thousands of years. He has successfully grown the crystals which contributed to the longevity of the ancient dragons, has successfully abducted many people in the past in a variety of ways, has been a close confidante and advisor of Gwyn (who originally placed the undead curse on humanity), and his own attacks inflict the curse status effect.

Moreover, there is a very conspicuous bonfire in the cage where you go after he kills you, and it is clearly manipulated as it is cut off from the others for the purpose of warping, and is not the one at which you last rested. The mechanics are frequently part of the storytelling in Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, and I believe that occasion is no exception. You have to lose all of your HP for the Seath encounter to advance you to the cage; when that happens, you die.

I can't speak to the similar occasions in the later games. I'm not as acquainted with their lore, and, again, I think FromSoft was more careless about this kind of stuff in their more recent releases---especially when it comes to simply copying things over from earlier titles.
                            Is there a connection between the undead curse and sorcery? I always thought those were completely separate areas of magic, and Seath was entirely focused on sorcery iirc. 

Also, if Seath is able to manipulate where our soul ends up, why doesn't he just toss us into an abyss if he kills us in the rematch? Or into a different prison cell. And why haven't we seen anything like that in DS2 or DS3 (unless I'm forgetting something from those).

If that's what he canonically did, then I feel like it has a lot of plot holes.
                                It's not our soul. It's our body. You may be confusing the lore of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls there.

He's obviously waiting for us when we arrive at the archives, and he is obviously not waiting for us when we escape the cell and infiltrate the crystal caves. I'm not sure what you mean by your question about a different cell; we're trapped in that one *because* that's the one with the manipulated bonfire in it. And curse is *not* a form of sorcery as far as we know, which is why it is significant that Seath also personally wields curse as an attack.

But again, the particular details of the functioning of his trap are not explicitly explained to us in the game. Few things in Dark Souls are given the level of specificity that you seem to be requesting. To access the story and world details, players are expected to be able to connect the dots with the partial information they are given, and other things are just left open to interpretation. We simply don't know why Seath is able to do it when he is ready for us in the archives, and not when we surprise him in the caves. Perhaps it requires some preparation, or some proximity to the manipulated bonfire.

Your list of questions about other things he might have done or other points in other games where it might've happened doesn't contain any plot holes, so your mention of plot holes is somewhat odd. The player-character loses all their hit points; the game says 'You Died'; they drop a bloodstain; they respawn at a bonfire. That is what happens when the player-character dies in Dark Souls. It's obviously Seath's fault when the bonfire they respawn at this time is in a cage in Seath's personal prison ward. These are not difficult dots to connect.
                This is a great list!
                [deleted]
                    Yes, necessarily. That's how *all* living beings come back to life. From the lowest insect to the highest lord.  They don't even necessarily return to life in their own body, as all of those jellyfish-looking things are formerly children who've been reincarnated.

None of what you're saying is present in the lore.

The only difference is where they're buried, as those with higher honors get buried closer to the base of the Erdtree right at the roots. Others just get buried in catacombs.

No, he doesn't send us anywhere; he's not able to do anything like that. It's simply the roundtable hold. The reason why NPCs aren't there is to prevent the player from accidentally killing them. 
There's nothing in-lore physically preventing us from attacking others in the roundtable. It's just the player character choosing not to attack anything, just like in the Grand Library, the Radahn Festival gathering, Volcano Manor, etc.

Unlike in Dark Souls, which has a convoluted flow of reality that allows for parallel timelines to cross into each other, there is no such thing in Elden Ring. 

Other universes would be a *significant* change to the cosmology as we know it, but there isn't a single bit of dialogue or item description that actually supports it.

Releasing Destined Death is exactly what it's said to be—it releases the concept of Death into the world to allow for a true death. Releasing it allows for "death, indiscriminate" as opposed to only the body dying, and those given grace being allowed to live once again.
                        [deleted]
                            I just looked up all of Gideon's dialogue, and I couldn't find any such statement. No, he absolutely does not control the roundtable. If anyone at all does, it would be the two-fingers, but even that doesn't have any evidence supporting it.

The exact same thing happens in plenty of different areas in the game without any explanation whatsoever. You're just coming up with headcanon.
                I didnt mean to imply there absolutely no disrepency, there has to be some, but there is also a consistent thread with a bunch of outliers. "Lore" versions of game characters are in general just unbrindled wank of every single hyperbole fandom can find as well as cancerous powerscalling that usually doesn't even make sense. It's the same for Dark Souls, Bloodborne, TES, Destiny or Undertale. Like, to say that the tarnished is impervious to any and all falls is just a similar level of wank IMO. it was bad enough that people claimed solar system level Dark Souls bosses. Elden Ring is going to be even worse. For this reason, gameplay feats are the best measure of a characters power and competence.

-Ofc youre still able to respawn, the game would end right there otherwise

-I don’t know if it’s explained in ER but in dark souls, everyone’s world is linked and can phase in and out, and with the stones you can phase into someone else’s world. Pretty much just have Knight Solaire’s dialogue to go off of and idk if that’s much of a lore implication.
In ER, I haven’t found an NPCs that have explained it but the Lands Between are probably linked like Souls games.

I frames dont exist, but it enables a certain ludonarrative thread. Even at RL1/SL1, anyone who is alive can be killed,  both the player and the enemies working on the same set of rules. Even while crazy bosses seem to be overpowered, often their movesets are limited by set potentials for their patterns, stamina, and stagger-potential; and all this combined to make gameplay experience where skill, strategy, and perseverance resulted in consistent and predictable accomplishments. Its fuckin great
                    Sounds like you just don't understand how games and power-scaling work. You have to go off of author-intent, which is told in the lore, not the gameplay. Otherwise, you end up with street-level Kratos and Dante who can't even bust walls despite the fact that they've killed cosmic beings explicitly stated to be far above that.

The fact that you think the Tarnished being able to survive any fall is "wank" when they can kill gods which explicitly require literal time-bending levels of power to be harmed is utterly absurd and only makes you seem incredibly biased.
                        Haven't played dmc but kratos has gameplay  feats that qualify his godhood. 

I do agree with taking author intent into consideration! I just don't think we should cherrypick which gameplay elements to ignore when judging a character, especially in fromsoftware games that tries to unify the gameplay and lore as as well as it does. Otherwise they just get wanked higher than most people's interpretation of the character when playing the game. Like, what does time-bending levels of power even mean, and does that really say anything about the characters durability? Not that it matters, but it's fun to talk abt

I appreciate the reply lol
                            Kratos and Dante in gameplay can't even bust walls. They can shatter small amounts of stone/concrete at most with their more powerful moves, whereas in the lore, they're capable of defeating cosmic beings that damage the fabric of reality. 
Kratos scales to Ouranus, who created the universe with his birth, as well as to Thor and Jormungandr who broke apart time and destroyed the Yggdrasil with their fight, yet he can get get easily killed by Draugr in gameplay. He's explicitly stated to be able to carry the world with Atlas, but he struggles with chests, and Cory Barlog directly explained that he struggles with chests for the sake of gameplay—to give the player a bit more interaction.

Considering that the lore is essentially the story, and that author intent is told through the story, then lore is prioritized over gameplay. Gameplay should only be used when they're consistent with lore. That's why regular shooter game characters shouldn't be considered bulletproof or immortal even though they can rank bullets and respawn in gameplay, as that's generally not consistent with the story.

Likewise, if the lore states that a character has cosmic levels of power, but they can't even break a bit of stone due to gameplay limitations, then the lore should be prioritized, as *that* is the story.

Fromsoft tries to tie lore to gameplay more than the average games do, but even back in Demon's Souls, there were discrepancies, as the Slayer of Demon's could kill a demon that was capable of killing dragons with his bare hands as a human, but that same Slayer of Demon's would struggle immensely with killing Dragons even with weapons.

The Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone item description states that it's from a realm outside of time, and bends time to allow the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god. Meaning that any sort of weapon not capable of that would be unable to harm a god according to the lore.

There's also other examples like Meteorite of Astel, which is stated to have leveled a city, but in gameplay, it doesn't even cause any sort of environmental damage.
            >  in fromsoftware games there's virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay

that is absolutely absurd and literally any surface level examination disproves that. you've been smoking too much ludonarrative crack  rock.
                It isn't absurd. Like bioshock, fromsoftware games have gameplay elements that harmonizes with the story. I'm just having a simple disagreement on a character lol, chill
                    'gameplay elements that harmonize with the story' isn't the same thing as 'virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay'

just take the L bro
                        > 'virtually

look up what this means, bro
        Wait, when did we fall from the tower?

Also, patches never existed on my game. I found his bell there in the cave, early game. Feel like I missed out.

Overall, I had 3 quest lines I couldn’t finish due to glitches.
            In the Divine Tower of Caelid, when you're going down to the Godskin Apostle, right before the final elevator, you fall from a height that would 100% kill you in normal gameplay.
        Dude fuck patches. Lost 30k runes after being thrown off that cliff, which is still a lot to me. I went back and killed that dumbass, I’m so sick of his shit.
Ironic. He could save his horse from gravity, but not himself.
    Is it possible to learn this power?
        If you have enough points in INT yea
            hot dog
        Not from the two fingers...
So is the consecrated snowfields death bird.
    Fuck that bird
        Why everyone hate them so much? I thought they were pretty easy tbh
            Well, they are unbelievably horrifying.
                Fair point
    There are multiple Death birds right? Wonder what the lore is behind those wacky fellas.
        Looking at some of the early lore items, they seem to be the custodians of death from before the Erdtree who cremated the dead in their fires. But the Twinbird Kite Shield reveals that they are in fact scions of another Outer God that sent their mother to the Lands Between just like how the Greater Will sent the Elden Beast.
            Hm, wonder if the crucible is in fact another outer God’s will then…
                Considering all the machinations we know of, I do get the distinct feeling that there is very little that does not stem from one outer god or another.
        They seem to be the old worship of natural death that precede the Erdtree. Of course, they eventually got rolled into the whole thing with the Mausoleum Knights in tow. The actual birds themselves don't seem to be too pleased about it as they're not part of Erdtree worship and take massive, massive holy damage.

They're also on every above ground land mass apart from upper Limgrave.
            Wait what, meaning there’s one in the peninsula, caelid, liurnia, altus, the mountaintop, snowfield, and farum azula? >.> HOW DID I MISS ALL THESE?!?!?
                Well, not FA...
                    Oh, well that’s still 4-5 birds I’ve missed since I only remember seeing one or two.
Leonard must just have access to some OP spirit springs.
Those torch guys are the ultimate Torrent killer
Torrent is a simp for flame lances
I knew torrent was feeble when i discovered his whimsical double jump
Leonard is the hardest working horse in any souls game... barring maybe Ludwig's horse that fused to him in Bloodborne.
    I don’t think there’s any lore about that for Ludwig. He just turned into a hideous beast that happens to look like a horse.
        It is said that Ludwig "rode out" from the Great Bridge during the hunts. He was a mounted hunter and it could either have been a sick inspiration for what he became or the horse actually fused with him
            Plus there's the fact that he has far more limbs than most beasts, who only have four. Ludwig is the only exception iirc
                I want to add that there's some item description or dialog (its been far too long) that describes that basically, the more devoted you are to the faith/the more priestly you are, the more vicious and crazy of a beast you can become. I always assumed that Ludwig with just super super into the whole church thing, and with that magic sword boosting his faith even further, he lost himself way more than really anyone else.
                    It's less of a faith thing and more the amount of blood consumed. The item you're talking about is likely the sword hunter badge. Still, my favourite thing about these games is that the lore can spark this kind of discussion. Very fun
                        If it is [amount of blood consumed] then it would still make sense. He was THE hunter for quite a while, and probably got hurt and needed way more healing than the average joe.
                        Sword Hunter Badge: “Ludwig was the first of many Healing Church hunters to come, many of whom were clerics. As it was, clerics transformed into the most hideous beasts."
I like the fact that the best way to fight endgame enemies is to dismount tho
    Literally seems like they designed a lot of harder enemies to turn Torrent into a trap. They seem to spam attacks with insane tracking when you ride him.
Radhan gave Leonard a gravity magic shield, what did YOU do for your horse?
    Farmed him some frozen raisins and shared my blesstus with him
        You couldnt even thaw them out? tsk tsk
I'd love some armor for my horse. No reason not to add a few pieces of armor you pick up from defeating sentinels and other mounted bosses. The armor would give Torrent better defense / poise. 

Unless the players stats somehow factor into Torrent's defense, I would very much like some bling for my horse.
best we can do is chucking rocks
I'm already hearing the Mass Effect biotics sounds in my mind and it's awesome.
    Therefore, time for singularity
        "Damnit, Liara, you're gonna crash my game!"

"Haha, singularity go brrrrrrttt!"
    Sometimes enemies just need a little Push
I wonder how the lifting enemies up would work though, especially on larger enemies or bosses. Would the spell simply not work on them or would they just stumble?
    I think it would be cool if there was scaling to it. Like the higher your INT level/staff level is then you could lift bigger or heavier enemies. There could be some exceptions like Radahn obviously or just bosses in general. The bigger enemies would just be more resistant to it
        Could just also be like Astel's gravity attack where even if it doesn't lift you up, if you're in the radius, the slam down will still deal damage. So even without the utility of keeping an enemy suspended in air, it's still lethal.
            To be fair astel's pretty bullshit to mele range users though.  Between the god-awful camera angles and the range on it, oooof.
They could've given us the effect of lifting enemies and smashing them on ground in the waves of darkness ash of war but nope. I have this same complaint about a lot of cool boss moves that we can't use.
There's actually an incantation to reduce fall damage.
He doesn't take Leonard with him, he slams him into the sand before launching into the air. You can see the horse come back up when he lands too
Leonard doesn’t go up for that attack and I’d assume he’s using the magic to make himself super heavy.
Our Torrent,

So stronk,

Takes tail swipes to the face

No complaints


Tarnished complains

Torrent says "give me flask"

We say yes

Power attack R2

Rune bear 50%

-Edgar Allan Elden Ring
    Poetry
        Edgar Alan POEtry





I'm leaving. You can't catch me.
With a horseback battle on our torrents!... oh right ._.
Do you quarrel sir?
    Quarrel, sir! No, sir.
    Happy cake day
Honestly I feel guilty AF every time I get hit and notice only Torrent got hurt.
    just feed him some berries and his ripped entrails / broken legs are healed and he is happy...
200 levels in and I never fed him a single thing... Such a stoic boi
It looks like he creates a little platform when he double jumps so it feels like you should be able to bypass fall damage with it but maybe they thought it would let you speed through maps too much.

Also lowkey disappointed that he is just immune to surfaces rather than magically running ontop of the water in swampy areas.
    I don’t think it’s actually an issue with them trying to prevent people from taking shortcuts; I think it’s simply a limitation of how the engine was designed to calculate fall damage. 

The engine calculates damage by comparing the height difference between your starting point, where you jump or fall from, and where you land; if the height difference is between those two locations is greater than a specific number you take damage. 

In order for the current engine to allow for double jumping to reset the damage check the game would need to track and record torrents height at every double jump so it can calculate the damage on landing. 

It’s likely that this simply wasn’t a priority.
        Since you mentioned it, this also probably prevents our runes from floating in mid air halfway down a cliff.
            That would be a fun one try minigame. Also really easy to bypass this.
        What about spirit springs? as long as you jump from one you wont die from falls unless it ends up in the ocean
            It's actually a kind of buff, when you go into it you get a little gust affect around you and it negates fall damage, you can jump down into the springs, as long as you come somewhat close to it before impact it does the little wind buff thing and negates the fall damage.
            That's different; with the spirit springs it just turns off fall damage for the jump, or if you're within the safe landing area. It doesn't have to check where you are compared to where you last jumped to determine if you can survive it because it doesn't even run that check.
        There's clearly areas in the overworld purposely designed so that you can't just drop down to it with Torrent.
            There's like one in caelid leading to the great jar. Can't think of any others off the top of my head that require you to get there from somewhere else
        Unless their codebase is insanely fucked, removing fall damage from a double jump may be as simple as resetting distance fallen when the user presses the double jump button. The game also already tracks distance fallen at a moment's notice anyway, whenever the player walks off the cliff. 

I find it hard to believe that FromSoft can have issues with something this simple unless of course, their implementation of the mechanic is insanely convoluted and unmaintainable.
            Yep. It's not an implementation problem. I don't know what people are on saying that it is. They just didn't want to allow the player to scale downwards infinitely with a double jump as it would significantly alter how the world could be traversed; you could fall just about any distance on horseback trivially but getting back up would be a much bigger issue. No place in the overworld could present the challenge of descending safely. The world would either need to be made mostly an uphill terrain with less flat land or feel much more flat as a result.

Limiting the maximum downwards distance one can fall on horseback essentially places a hard cap on how far you can move downwards, in any context, with specific exceptions to make exploration more interesting and rewarding. You have to look down if going downwards can kill you. If it can't, all you have to look out for is bottomless cliffs.
        [deleted]
            They'd have to treat torrents jump as solid ground, meaning your runes could get stuck midair and I'm sure lots of other unintended bugs.
                No... just when he jumps, set a new height to calc the fall from. Making a torrent jump the same as solid ground would be very sloppy coding.
                [deleted]
                    Him taking fall damage? Intended 

Him dying past 20m? Not intended but they didn't care

If it isn't a limitation then why do bosses still die from 20m falls? Seems like they'd program them to not die that easily

I'm sure there is a way around it (they patched the fire giant cheese somehow) but I'm guessing it's not an easy fix as its not implemented often  (if at all, I'm pretty sure fire giant is the only exception to fall damage)

Edit: auto correct
                        [deleted]
                            You're talking to a bag of rocks with fingers. Im sorry.

Torrent's jumps are already tracked so that the second input makes him jump. Duh. You just add an extra not even a line of code that resets the height fallen variablr. If Torrent generates a ground surface when he doublejumps, just ignore the first height difference (off the cliff to double jump location) and account for height fallen after the second input.

Its not rocket science. Its basic logic. Really basic.
                                preamble: I think it was a design decision, not an implementation issue.

but, it should be said that there’s a huge gap between basic logic and simplicity in implementation.
                No? Just reset the number on a double jump. A direct change. You don't need to go in and program an environmental change to manipulate a variable you can edit directly.
        [deleted]
            He’s getting downvoted because thats a very silly theory. It would be computationally negligible to reset fall damage, and its plainly obvious that fromsoft uses fall deaths to partition the map
            But it's not an engine limitation, they could easily alter fall damage calculations. No, it's a deliberate design decision by the level designers, to funnel characters down certain pathways. The ER overworld is built around corridors that interweave and overlap, with specific funnels to guide you to points of interest and frame the landscape. Being able to easily hop from one to another would break that design principle.

BOTW designers made it far too easy to bypass terrain using the glider, and that made travel a tad too generic. Even Elden Ring isn't perfect, fast travel is actually a bit too fast, but at least it only applies to your second trip through an area.
                BotW actually did every single thing better than FROM, except for combat.   
  
I don't want specific funnels.  Its an open world game.  You can guide the player without forcing them (they already implemented this with guiding grace).   In BotW you could go straight to wherever you wanted.  I didnt need to stare at a map and run around the same cliff for a fucking hour trying to get up/down.  It's a pain in the ass, and makes exploring one too.  That combined with the shit rewards (oh boy! another artorias leaf that Ill never use!) made me not even want to explore.   BotW mayve also had some lackluster gifts, but the world was a treat to explore.  You got to do interesting puzzles, and use interesting game mechanics, not just fight through annoying imp spam every dungeon.  Dont even get me started on the music.
            [deleted]
                [deleted]
                    [deleted]
                        It's because of landscape design and funneling the player down certain paths at certain times towards certain points of interest. It's a level-design necessity.
            It's obvious that the OP doesn't know anything about programming is why
        Is it from the starting point of the jump, or the last instance of stable ground? Because the whole stable ground mechanic in FS games might account for why Torrent's double jump doesn't count.
        This is most likely not the case, unless their code is complete garbage.
        Most ledges you shouldn't be able to get down to in the overworld usually have a hidden grave stair or roots that you can parkour down to, only exception being Radahn's arena. So Torrent double jump not negating fall damage shouldn't be a world design problem.
    Here’s the thing tho, science dictates that a double jump that completely breaks your downward momentum and turns it into upwards momentum would be extremely bad for your health. It’s not the hitting the ground part that kills you, it’s the very, **VERY** rapid deceleration after the massive acceleration you just experienced. It creates two very polar opposite forces that just crushes you. 

A double jump at terminal velocity, just before the hitting the ground would be just as lethal as hitting the ground.
        Actually, a double jump at terminal velocity should be *more* lethal than hitting the ground, because you accelerate more to change direction than to stop
        "Science dictates" that double jumps are impossible. Any point that presupposes the existence of a double jump can't then point to science.
        It isn’t the fall that kills ya, it’s the sudden stop at the end. Except if you decided to say fuckit and not only stop but go the opposite way at the end? You’re extra dead
        >science dictates

it's literally a magical horse
It's part of directing the player into areas they wouldn't otherwise go.  The game is designed around traversal puzzles as part of the environment.
    "Traversal puzzles"  
  
Looking for a jump pad isn't much of a puzzle.  Trial and error of scaling a cliff side is tedious.  It's just bad design to pad game time, just like all the copy pasted bosses and dungeons.  Most people want to see the whole map anyways, and if they dont, they shouldnt have to.  It's pointless.  It would be significantly more enjoyable if they either omitted or changed it.
To be fair, they'd have to go through and program the game to instantly kill you on Torrent if you're using the double jump to reach areas not usually intended to be reached.

I can understand how it would be really game breaking really quickly, it's just we're left with a rather awkward situation where Torrent dies even though the inertia of a fall is sometimes that of a 2-foot drop.
    They already have drop kill zones in all those places to prevent that
I assume there's a coding/mechanical reason for it. The "auto death" height is 20 meters for every entity in the game that has HP. Even with the Soft Cotton buff or the Longtail Cat talisman or Assassin's Approach buff, you still die instantly when hitting the ground after a 20 meter fall. Hell, even bosses die instantly like that (see previously patched cheese of killing Fire Giant and Radahn by making them fall off a ledge).

Making Torrent the unique entity that DOESN'T die after a 20 meter fall would probably require some tricky coding additions. Either that or changing it's entity class to something that flies (like you mentioned).
    The guy who replied to you is being downvoted, but he failed to mention something.

/u/Greensburg  is right. It's not tricky at all. How do I know this? Because *it's already in the game.* Ever jump off a cliff into one of the updrafts? They turn off fall death, and damage, by making an exception for Torrent's case.

Now go back and remove your downvotes for not thinking your arguments through.
    It's...really not tricky at all. Just make an exception for Torrent's case, or make the double jump reset the distance flag.

Actually, the fact that many bosses die to fall damage is probably just an oversight on their end. They forgot to add exceptions for those cases since they didn't think they would ever be susceptible to fall damage.

There is no such thing as a "hard-coded auto death" that developers have to get around. They have complete control over their engine. The 20m rule just applies to all entities by default, but can be easily overwritten.
        I think you misunderstand. The game engine is coded such that 20 meters is the "you die no matter what" height when you hit the ground. Changing that would involve an entire codebase update, which would be hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours of work and QA testing.

The same thing can be said about the double jump mechanic. Calculating fall height is a "one and done" type of thing ie the game engine saves the beginning elevation of your fall/jump and then assigns damage based on the landing elevation. Having the engine do TWO fall height calculations and save TWO data sets and calculate those in tandem seems possible, but would also take many hundreds of hours of engine re-coding. And it's also possible this would cause un-do stress on older CPU/GPU in things like the PS4 or XBone.

If they wanted to change the way Torrent acted when landing on a surface after a great height, they would need to change it's entity class to a flying entity and also make it so that it never actually touches the ground (making Torrent essentially "fly"). This would be similar to how the bullshit Stormhawks work.
            So how come spiritspring jumps work?

It's literally not a coding issue. It's a deliberate level design choice. There's so many places where you can see something below you but have to find a safe route to it (the canyon in Caelid that's only accessible via Siofra for example) that they don't want to break the intended route to.
            Wow, great essay based on nothing but assumptions. How do you explain spiritsprings then?
            Its much easier to consider a "flying" entity as a grounded one, and just change the location of the hurtbox and textures. Having multiple entity types is unnecessary, the "flying" enemies just dont jump.

You dont need a check on *every* jump or *every* action. You're also way overblowing the amount of testing it would require to add a single extra check to a single entity with a long list of exceptions.

The only time any additional calculations would have to occur is if and only if a second jump input is executed. No input execution, no code execution. Yes, it will be waiting until it hits the ground with another caveat, but again, thats an extremely small and lightweight change to a heavily used component of the game. Its not gonna increase lag to add a single flag to *one npc*.
            Tell me you know nothing about programming without saying you know nothing about programming.
            With your assumptions, even if you reset fall height and recalculate the fall damage every single time Torrent double jumps it's at most a 100% load increase on the hardware with respect to Torrent jumping only. The complexity class would still be the same, and the player isn't double jumping every time.
    Thats the dumbest shit Ive ever heard.   No, its really not hard.  Theyve been doing that since *at least* Gamecube days.  Even if it wasn't as simple as reseting fall distance when double jump is pressed (hint: it is), you can give him the immune to fall damage status effect that you get from the jump pads for the distance of 20 meters in double jump.  Since you fall at a consistent speed, we know exactly how long it takes to fall 20 meters, and could give that duration to the buff.  
  
Its a bad design choice, not an implementation limit.
[deleted]
    Radahns arena, Consecrated Snowfields, and many other places.
    It invalidates half of the really well done world design. They didnt put cliffs and elevation difference in the game just for fun. Areas would feel so much more boring and smaller if you can just jump down everywhere.

Fromsoft is really good at hinting and guiding players to certain paths via the environment you might not even actively notice.

E.g. in limgrave the cliffs funnel most players towards the church of elleh and gatefront ruins. The drop towards mistwood seperates that area quite well too. Elevation differences in both direction are constantly put to good use.

Just look at bit at the entire overworld map and pay attention to all the cliffs and how they shape areas and how you experience those areas.

People will point to some big skips that would techincally be possible (unless they put in more death planes everywhere) but the real problem is that the entire world is designed with fall damage in mind and  removing that just makes it significantly worse in every way. It is the small detours and the ability to give your world somewhat of a flow towards certain areas and paths that is worth so much.

You could technically replace every important drop with a cliff that goes up instead but that would just look crazy stupid in many places and you would end up with incredible heights (even more so than already the case). Imagine Liurnia of the Lakes but the central swamp is up on a mountain instead..
this isn't a Ubisoft game dude. you will die
It makes half of the world design pointless. There are a lot of places where elevation differences force or guide you to certain paths. Even just in limgrave there are the cliffs at the coast and river/lake areas, the cliff kinda seperating the mistwood area form the main limgrave area, etc. They all are an important part of making the area a bit more complex and feel bigger because you can't just go in a straight line to where you want to be. You actually need to find a good way down.

Eldenring uses height differences to really great effect in many many places.
    Walling me off from another area doesnt make it a great design.  How would letting me jump from the belfreys to the mistwood below make any difference in the game, other than saving me time?  Most of the game, progression is upwards.  No fall damage doesn't affect intended progression.  You still need 2 shard bearers dead.  You still need to kill Morgott and Godfrey.   
  
I dont want Elden Ring to feel bigger.  It already feels too big for its own good.  Verticality is nothing but a hindrance to this game.  It restricts player freedom for no value.  It is there to pad game time.  Period.
He can fly, I just suck at pulling off the glitch because I’m on xbox
that mf is also the only reason I died 3 times trying to get to jarburg.
    Never thought I'd say this but 

Skill issue
        Yeah if you’re using torrent to traverse DOWN the gravestones on a cliff face then you deserve the death lmao. Just dismount, so much easier
I felt the same when I saw Commander O'Neill

SG-1, I missed you...
Is it pronounced Lee-oh-nard or something weird though?
    It doesn't have a pronounciation guide or anything, it's only used in the code
I don’t even care if it has effects I just want to bling out torrent
    Bro could you imagine? Night Calvary torrent?
        Nobody ever talks about Night Cavalry but they look cool as hell.
            Bro their armor and weapons are baller af
                Not to mention they’re the ones that give you the most OP ash of war in the game
            I am too busy cowering in fear of them/the night.
                Death Birds are the worst for me.  Fuck those guys.
    >bling out Torrent

I hope we can do neon underglow like in Need For Speed
    Same. I wanna give him a haircut and some cool ass barding. If I could get my boy some full plate armor to go with mine…
> Man I hope dlc brings in horse armor

[Never thought I'd hear this sentence](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/events/horse-armor)
    Really should’ve been in base game tbh
I think that would be considered “pay to win” if it’s not free dlc.
    I mean we got regular weapons in the game how is that pay to win exactly? It’s no different than getting a whole new shiny weapon from the dlc then bringing it back to the base game like you know everyone did back in ds3
        The paired ringed knight great swords wrecked fools
            Exactly my point that thing was vicious
> 120kg

you should lay off the Estus dude. it's giving you a serious beer belly..
    Including armor and equipment, dude! I'm not *Let Me Solo Her*
        >not playing naked like every experienced player since DS1 to dunk on tin cans and rollmaxx

>thinking someone with a redhead fetish invented the playstyle

ngmi
Mustard gas is nothing compared to a Radahn fart
No, he actually stomps him underground instead. But I like to pretend that Radahn falls from the orbit with his horse.
google it dude.
    No… how about you people actually give context to these shit memes FFS
        I said it as "Google it to convince yourself"
            No you didn’t. You said it like an a hole.
Go drive your car off a 400ft high bridge then come back tell me how it "felt".
    [deleted]
        You didn't say double jump on your previous comment hence why i said that. Nor did you mention the wind gust spring platform. Maybe you should stop being **stupid as fuck** and be more specific next time.

Also i know it's fantasy game. Doesn't mean all logic gets thrown out the window for fuck's sake.

I'm out. Kiss my ass 😒🖕
    Instructions unclear,got stuck in washing machine
        Help me, step-tarnished!
apparently it was found in the game files
This seems really interesting to me. I'm not an expert on the subject but I'm pretty sure that gravity has very little to do with time. It's a space deformation and even though they are named together (space-time) manipulating space deformations doesn't have to change anything in the Time Dimension. So gravity sorcerers can manipulate the space fabric, which is still a really cool concept, but while they don't break the fabric, the one-dimensional time might not be altered. Please correct me if I'm wrong, but I kind of remember reading that they put the two names together because time cannot be measured without space, or something like that.

All of this was because I think that manipulating space deformations is a really cool concept. This has to be an anime superpower somewhere.
    [removed]
        Dayum then that famous time relativity example about the twins, where one travels at a speed close to c so his time goes slower, how would that change of velocity and therefore time experimentation affect space? Does it have something to do with it at all? Is it like you would be flattening the space occupied by your mass or something? I really like this stuff but the way you explained was a bit mind-blowing for me, I need to connect your explanation to my own knowledge to process it lmao.
Shadowfax aint been by in a while :(
I mean he can materialize out of thin air every time we need him so that’s something
    So can the Night Calvary, and the sentinels are fused/soul-bound to their horses.
        well shit that's it then
I had no clue either until my second play through . It’s not very apparent
>Radahn is riding a horse?

And there's surprisingly heartwarming lore behind that, but I won't spoil.
So if you somehow get "catapulted" high into the air and land at the same spot, you don't take damage?

I wonder what the advantage of such programming approach is. I'm no game dev so perhaps I'm overlooking something, but I would simply made a check that when the character lands on solid ground, their vertical velocity is checked and damage is applied based on that. Is there a reason to not make it this way?
    Yes, that would deal no damage at all

If you did it your way, a double jump would make the landing save. Plus, the damage calculation is really simple if it's done this way.
The way it is implemented makes you take the same damage from jumping down a cliff and walking down the same cliff.

There is a great video by illusory wall called "Elden ring Disected #1 - Fall Damage Explained" that dives deep into this topic. Mainly to explain why fall damage seems random sometimes
        Thanks for the tip, I'll check that video out.
yeah dude, you're so good, the rest of us are trash
    I didn't say i was incredibly good at the game but ok oogie boogie.
        Do you just run from a main boss to the next? Or are you actually exploring and try to land on some whacky ass mini platform, because you believe there could be rare loot hidden?  
If you do the 2nd one, you gonna die a lot on Torrent.
            I don't really understand what you mean, i got every trophies on the game so yeah i explored everything and killed every boss but i didn't had trouble doing some platform with torrent.

The only thing that was annoying the first time was to get to the three fingers.
Torrent believed in you before anyone else did. Cut him some slack.


Torrent is a Chad. But Leonard is a GigaChad.
    Torrent has gotten me killed more times than he saved me. Gotta love randomly taking double damage when only torrent gets hit.
Nope.
Not true
https://youtu.be/Fm-QA4rZPYk
Fail lol
    Oh shit you're right, haven't watched fmj in a while lol
[cut to Radahn crouched down staring intently at the dirt where Leonard is sketching his plan with a hoof]
Leonard the secretly yoked horse.
    [removed]
The attack is solely from Leonard himself.
    Radhan doesnt actually fight, hes just being puppeteered by leonard like ratatouille
        His mind is gone, to the horse.
            His soul is gone, to the horse.

All he was once was is now the horse
                Rykard wasn’t the only one consumed by a sinister creature…
                    Sinister?
                        Leonard’s eyes are *pretty* shifty… I think he has PLANS for The Lands Between.

Images of Ludwig….
                        Eh, Radhan is a tricky bastard.
                        I believe you meant stepsister, Oh no Step horse Leonard is stuck again 😂
                More horse than a man, or maybe more man than a horse.
                Guess he's just horsing around the whole fight.
            *dog
        Leonard Linguini does not ride Remy like a horse while he is controller to cook. Remy more or less rides Leonard underneath his chef hat. Get your lore straight, sir.
            Leonard the horse is also pulling Radahn's hair to direct him, just like Remy. Just... different hair.
                Does the lore suggest that the carpet matches the drapes?
                    No reason to believe the curse of the Fire Giants manifests only in the North.
                        My God this comment thread is cursed. I love it
                        This alone has turned this into the best thread I've read in a while
            B cooler if he did
        Wait so is he pulling his pubes to control him
        In Ratatouille the chef was puppeteered by his hair from his head. Radahn is being puppeteered from below...

Ouch.
    Yes the secret is Leonard *also* learned gravity magic and is actually better at it than Radahn!
    "At the count of 3, push me up"
    What about the *Leonard* attack on the Wookiees?
    Leonard was the real boss all along, Radahn is just his puppet
Honestly i think it took me a whole fight or two to notice he was on a horse, i lost that battle bc i was laughing so hard at how ridiculous he looked lol, so yes I love the idea of the horse being ridiculously OP
Radahn even with the Scarlet Rot eating away at him definitely weighs more than 2 tons lol. Elephants weigh more than that I'm pretty sure.
Just basic radahn magic
2 tons is a gross underestimate…
well, realizing that he is doing the same to FUCKING SOLAR BODIES, doing it to people and living being sounds extremely easy in comparison

Edit: i presume the amount of likes is because u all notce the reference from MaXor s video
    The stars Radahn is holding back aren't solar bodies, they're creepy space creatures.
        I think some are, like the falling star beast or astel, to be fair he's called a malformed star, however we also see that the stars are clearly not actual stars or at least in our world, one collides with the lands inbetween and just makes a hole in the ground instead of completely wiping out the planet.
            It’s possible he’s holding back real stars as we know them but any meteors and Astels in the space between were also held in stasis
                Technically that could be true, but if astel is called a malformed star, like he's an actual deformed star, do stars hsve genetic code. Why the fuck is he like not that big at all. Also that means stars form differently, meaning not like our stars.

However the main reason why I don't think this is the case is it'd simply make him too powerful, I mean he'd be much stronger than markia. I mean he lost to being nuked by rot, why didnt he just crush malenia with some grav. Malenia is clearly not planet level.

Also the stars literally move so their like our world in size but they move and fall like fictual stars, meaning they clearly already broke the rules of being like real life stars.

But yeah if he could hold back stars theirs absolutely nothing stopping him from literally crushing the planet or even the erdtree, or even us, into nothingness.

Thats just my logic, and I, with absolute conviction, believe these stars arent that big, unless you say otherwise you seen smart.
            I was wondering the whole time how anyone survived that blast from that star lol. Also radahn can survive shooting himself down like a comet but dies to some sword swipes from a lowly tarnished
        The star that impacts when you kill him is not a monster. He try to hold the stars to stop Ranni from archive her destiny
            That “star” is a “falling star” which is just a cute way to describe a comet 💫or meteor☄️ that has begun to break up upon entering the atmosphere. One capable of punching a hole in the ground that deep should have completely flattened limegrave (if not most of the lands between) with mistwood in it’s entirety being reduced to a red hot crater. Even if the elden ring stars are not really stars they are still massive objects. If he had left go of said stars he probably would have been able to terraform the lands between to suit his needs using only gravity magic.
                That's not necessarily true. Even if we assume that it's appropriate to calculate the forces involved in fiction like a sweaty powerscaler (which we shouldn't because that's not how it works), Limgrave is hollow. A fairly small meteor could have shattered the relatively thin layer of rock covering the Nokron-Siofra underground area, and evidently did, since Limgrave is no flattened and the Mistwood is largely intact.

It's also pure speculation how much power Radahn needed to hold back the stars, since we have no idea what exactly he did to them in the first place.
                    You missed my point. Elements of realism are not present in in elden ring bc they would have implications that break the lore. A single 50m meteor can leave a [600 ft deep crater](https://meteorcrater.com) If he could hold this back he would have been stronger than the elden beast and capable of just smushing anything infront of him into the ground with ludicrous amounts of force which would make 0 sense lol. But at the same time he would need to be holding back some sizable meteors in order to leave such a massive crater too. He was clearly capable of lifting a considerable amount of mass with gravity magic as shown in the cutscene with him and malenia when he tears apart the ground lifting his swords in the flashiest way possible. Also there would be no excuse for gravity magic and gravity AoWs for being so mid if it could be used to smush things directly. So for lore and player combat a lot of things were made a bit nonsensical so ambiguity would aid it and keep people talking about it.
            It's not a star either, just a comet.
    Literally holding space in place to keep away the horrors it holds
        O yeah, possible more ASTELS and nighmarish  Bulls as well
            The "Wait. Are we the bad guys?" moment hits. Though I can't say that
        I mean he was taught gravity magic by one of the space horrors (an onyx lord), he was holding it in place to checkmate Ranni
        That's not why he did it as far as we know. There were already Astels and fallingstar beasts around before that, and they weren't a major threat then, so there's no reason to assume the Lands Between urgently needed that protection.
            >they weren't a major threat then

Idk, Nokron would probably disagree.
                The Astel in Nokron was sent by the Greater Will, it's not a threat to the Golden Order.
                    How do yall get this deep in the lore? Is it all in the item descriptions? Ive figured out a few things on my own that way but not nearly to the extent some of yall have.
                        Osmosis.

(Also yes, mostly item descriptions. And dialogue sometimes. And a healthy dose of personal interpretation.)
    Weeeeell technically the more mass an object has the easier it is for it to be affected by gravity so teeeeeeeeeechnically it's way more impressive to use gravity on something really small like a horse. Just saying
Leonard is party why he can weld gravity magic. It is in one of his item descriptions. Which honestly makes it so much better.
Fairly certain that the official answer is he did learn gravity magic so he wouldn't crush his horse. He's actually floating a few cm above Leonard the whole fight right? Plus the whole holding back the stars thing
Harpies literally sing in latin about how fucked the world is due to the gods abandoning order, the problem ain't us homie
    There's a RussianBadger video on Fallout New Vegas with the incredible title:

*UNSTOPPABLE MORON MAKES NUCLEAR WASTELAND NOTICEABLY WORSE*

The place is certainly already fucked but the undead idiot with a giant hammer sprinting around screaming "***UNGA BUNGA***" isn't really going to be making things much better. Really the only certainty is that a lot of things will be left a lot flatter...
        Except when you literally do make things better through multiple ending possibilities
            Or even just killing certain bosses. You can't tell me that getting rid of fucking Godrick the Grafted isn't a net positive for the Lands Between.
                But tbf any other demigod could've done so too, he was said to be the weakest by far and even Morgott's projection is stronger than him. If he decided to end Godrick's foolish ambitions, it would just be a small trip for him to fuck him up and noone would know it was Morgott since they don't know their king is an omen.
                    But none did do anything, part if the reason the worlds so shit atm
                        Tearing down someone's evil regime's nice and all but who's going to build things back up again, and will the power vacuum create worse strife?
Luckily for us Nepheli Loux steps in although it'll probably be Gostoc and The Great Kenneth Haight running the show.
                    But obviously none of them wanted to. Morgott was protecting him, even.
            Killing Dung Eater is 100% a Good Thing. Ideally turning him into a puppet so he won’t reincarnate is more appropriate but also more ambiguously evil.
        Sometimes you just gotta scrap it and start over
        You know what? Thinking of my character as an unstoppable, immortal doom-bringer makes the game much less stressful. Think you’re gonna kill me off? I’ll re-spawn and come right back at you until you’re dead.
        I remember that fallout reference lol
    Wait is that the translation of the song they sing?
“Breaking the balance and harmony” em did we play the same game coz the lands between are not especially peaceful
    This land is peaceful, its inhabitants kind...
    Ranni’s ending is still the worst
        It's like the best, just because the Greater Will is definitely separated from the Lands Between.
            It’s only better then the flame of frenzy ending since all the Elden lord endings have a better outcome, the greater will isn’t the villain, Ranni is for causing the shattering
                There are actually some good videos that go deeper into Ranni's ending. There's this idea that she is actually evil but this stems from some mistakes made in the localization. In her Japanese dialogs she says that she hates the fact that the life on earth is determined by the order established by the great will. She wants to set the world free from such dependence by moving the order into the starts so that no man can fight again to put his hands on such power.
                    Yeah I know about the translation but still the golden order is something that is beneficial for everyone especially with fia’s or Gold mask’s endings, if the world is already great for everyone why change it?
        Elaborate
            Well it is better then the frenzy ending but I think that every Elden lord ending is better cause o think the greater will was already a great order destroyed by Ranni
If Radahn is a good guy, Miquella is the definition of saint...also since you know, he's apparently St Trina. But seriously, I get that people like Radahn but at this point it feels like everyone is purposefully misinterpreting the lore or adding tidbits that arent factual to push Radahn up and push other characters down when the most positive thing he has done is learn gravity magic to stay on his horse, who is probably suffering a fate worse than death by the time we arrive.
    yea all i see out of that horse is pure misery
        That's made me chuckle a bit because now all I can imagine when I'm running at him with the npc characters is that we are all animal activists XD
    Gravity or no, the poor animal if forced against it's will to carry a rot-carrying monster that devours the flesh of 'friend and foe alike'. I would like to believe Leonard is wishing for death at this point.
    Miquella’s ability of “allure” is very vague and could range from charisma to straight up magical manipulation. When you also consider the lore we have of St Trina, it’s not a good outlook. One of the items mentioning St Trina essentially calls her (Trina is supposed to be a woman) as pure terror or the incarnate of evil. I forgot which item it was. But that’s not a good outlook for a saint lol.

I am just convinced that we are going to fight Miquella in one of the DLC’s and possibly in one of the final phases (if not the final) will be St Trina; maybe Miquella and Malenia will become one. When you beat Malenia we are not explicitly shown a “Legend Felled” or equivalent as we do with other major bosses, so I do not believe we’ve seen the last of her. I don’t think that was accidental, and upon beating her there’s a giant Scarlet Aeonia flower.
        >When you beat Malenia we are not explicitly shown a “Legend Felled” or equivalent as we do with other major bosses

That's a crazy detail and definitely intentionally done. Even if they left it open-ended she's coming back for sure!

My bet is on Miquella as well, if they do a Twin Princes-esque fight that'd be insane but he seems set up to be a Griffith/Femto kinda arc and I imagine he'd be the ultimate boss fight (like how Gael was in DS3's Ringed City), something they've perhaps always wanted to give proper justice to. They've always had Guts stand-in characters like Artorias and Gael, Blaidd in Elden Ring, I've heard people make claims for Ludwig and Orphan of Kos as well but they seem their own thing to me.

Ludwig has a Sif connection in his OST so he seems more an homage to Artorias/Sif specifically as well as the Moonlight Greatsword/Holy Moonlight Sword being an homage to their Kings Field games, really that fight is a celebration of their history and success and one of the greatest boss fights ever created, truly a work of art.

And Orphan is a great example of the Other we fear, tragic while being a huge pain in the ass to fight.
        If the Lore I read is correct malenia after she turn in a flower after we beat her she need to reborn another time for completing her role as a spawn of the scarlet rot god, next big dlc gonna be a whole new region full of scarlet rot enemys and a malenia in its her real final form... At least I hope so....

BTW I noticed that radahn don't have feet, he just have some magic who keep him "flying"

P.s. Sorry for bad English
        You dont get any message for killing demi-gods its not special for Malenia.
    The connection is there, but I think since there were tons of demigods and offspring in general before the Shattering, St. Trina might not be Miquella, but a sibling that either left (we know one demigod fled the lands between) or died when they were killing each other over the Great Runes.
Eh... he's not really that good. He still took part in the wars following the shattering. He's just like the rest of them.
    Plus if you actually look at his horse, that poor thing is suffering. Just let it die in peace
    There had to be an Elden Lord, pretty much everyone acknowledges this, and there was no way forward but war.
        Ok? But aside from the way he treats Leonard, and the fact that he held back the stars (something that was in his best interests for him to do) there is very little evidence towards him being a good person
            >something that was in his best interests for him to do

Technically it was still to save Sellia which was said to be doomed.
            All his men respect him even after his death, fighting the rot and holding the festival to give him a proper celebration. It’s clear that he definitely had an impressive reputation and was honorable or charismatic enough that people pledged their loyalty to him. As long as you weren’t on the other end of his sword, he probably was a pretty swell guy to be around, even if he was a power-hungry warlord demigod.
                That's really not unusual for a warlord and both Malenias and Miquellas troops are also extremely loyal.

They only one who doesn't appear to have any loyal followers is Godrick.
                    Very true! Miquella would also be a super good candidate for a “Good” demigod if he hadn’t been kidnapped by Mohg; he was incredibly beloved by everyone, created unalloyed gold specifically to help his sister manage her scarlet rot, and left to painstakingly grow his own special healing tree when it was clear the Erdtree wasn’t going to do shit about his and Malenia’s curses. 

Also it’s implied the reason Godrick doesn’t have any loyal followers is because they all died or deserted after his disastrous attack on the capital. All he has left are sellswords, mercenaries, and exiles.
                        I think there was also some stuff about Godrick himself rejecting his few remaining troops because he blamed them for his losses rather than himself. That is how the bandits working with Patches became bandits.
                        Miquella is basically maxed out charisma

he could have been manipulating his followers for sure
                            Miquella’s on the edge between charisma and manipulation. There’s definitely a magical aspect to it, but it’s certainly not mind-control. Miquella certainly doesn’t seem malicious or evil, he just wants to cure his and his sister’s curses. I’ve even wondered if part of Mohg’s “attraction” to Miquella is an unintended side-effect of Miquella’s charisma aura; Mohg may have initially just wanted to kidnap and Moghwyn-ify him but his ambition combined with Miquella’s magic presence led to the twisted situation
                        One of the powers of miquella is being loved by everyone, and the unalloyed gold in the head of the soldiers(everything that haves it) amplify the power and let miquella absolute manipulation
                            Is that evidence for you that he is bad person or someone tjat is hated by all of his people.
                            Is there a source for that? I know that unalloyed gold is used to ward off scarlet rot and the outer gods, but I don't remember them also amplifying miquellas power
                    Some say Godrick's followers are still giving him a hand to this day!
Miquella is definitely the most moral of the demigods; we really don’t know exactly why Radahn fought in the Shattering in the first place, leaving his motives in question.

 With Miquella, though, it’s pretty explicit that he wanted a new and more inclusive Order that would incorporate all who were spurned by grace, without discrimination of prejudice - and he developed a concrete, effective method of repelling the influence of outer gods.

Radahn, for all we know, could’ve been fighting to keep the status quo - or might’ve started the hostilities in the first place in a bid for political power. Who knows?
[removed]
    to be fair the malformed stars are probably arriving in the lands between on said stars, and they seem pretty fucked up evil.

fuck auto correct.
        If this had been a recurrent problem before Radahn froze the stars, surely there would be more lore and signs of it. Everything suggests the star creatures were a very rare and fairly harmless occurence all along, and Radahn conquered the stars out of ambition or vainglory, not altruism.
            they aren't very harmless, Astel is one of them and destroyed an entire city and stole they're sky. More importantly as well the malformed stars aren't the only invaders, the Fallingstar beasts also seem to enjoy crashing and killing like a bad party guest.
                The point isn't that they're not individually dangerous, it's that they were never a frequent, regular threat such that Radahn would have taken measures against them.

Additionally, they show up regardless of Radahn's alleged protection, and there aren't more of them after he dies. So clearly that's not what his conquest of the stars was about.
                    well the ones that are around could predate his conquest of the heavens, but I think that the idea that they aren't a major threat is incorrect.

Think about it you only need one malformed star to level a city, similar to a nuke you only need one.
            >Radahn alone holds Sellia secure, and stands tall to shatter the stars

The Starscourge Conflict is basically Radahn protecting the town of Sellia, who where essentially descendants of Nokstella that was previously destroyed by an Astel. Based on the Collapsing Stars description, this conflict occurred during his studies making it highly unlikely he planned this for vainlgory or ambition because we know he learned gravity magic for his horse.
    He is a good guy, and one of the most moral demigods.

"The starscourge conflict

Radahn alone holds Sellia secure

And stands tall, to shatter the stars." -Caelid sword memorial.

People like to ignore this piece of lore because apparently Radahn is too overrated. He fought the stars themselves because Sellia was in danger (presumably from a creature like Astel, to add to this, Radahn's mentor was an alabaster lord- who are related to the creatures of the stars).

Radahn isn't just a selfish warmonger. And he didn't just halt the stars on his mommy's orders.
        Sellia is the only major town in his region of Caelid, I don’t think him defending it has anything to do with his other job of holding the stars in place. It was also a town full of assassins, based on the descriptions of the spells associated with it.
            Sellia in the end was still a town of sorcery, and the town Radahn learned gravity magic in (via the alabaster lord that trained him btw). Plus, Sellia as a town of sorcery is inherently connected to things like the primeval current and the stars, it also has a connection to the eternal cities like Nokron and Nokstella. Radahn holding the stars in place had definitely a lot more to do with Sellia's security than people might admit. Unless of course, I'm missing something.
I feel like people assume he is the big good based on very little tbh. He is shown invading the capital in the opening and nothing implies he was somehow different to any of the other demigods fighting. Morgott considers him a "willful traitor" aswell
    "BUT HIS HORSE–!"

"BUT TSUNDERE!"

People simp for Radahn, Ranni etc for the most shallow reasons.
    I wouldn't really take being a traitor to morgott as a bad thing considering what morgott wants.
        What does he want?
            IIRC he wants the greater will to continue exerting power over the lands between
                There’s nothing really implying that Radahn wants anything but that either. Holding the stars in place is only ever shown to be a nuisance to Ranni, who is actively plotting and acting against the Greater Will.
>Grant his wish and give his warrior death in honor.

I killed him with scarlet rot, please don't ban me.
Morgott was probably the only one with truly selfless intentions, although he did get to play king for a bit. He shared the thrones with his siblings and created an alliance to maintain what was left of the Golden Order. Like others mentioned,  Radahn did take part in the Shattering and waged war for power and attacked Leyndell itself at some point.
    His intentions were admirable, too bad it involved keeping up the status quo, the continued  slaughtering/subjugating his own kind, and not even trying to find out what's wrong with the Erdtree.
    This is not true. Morgott is most selfish guy in Landsbetween. He dont wants to give his crown to anyone and he keep Landsbetween in status quo. He have Cavalry Knights in everywhere for spying demigods and tarnished. Not the mention he tried to kill us 3 times.
    There's nothin selfless about being a mass murderer tbh
My headcanon is Radahn, Ranni, and Rykard were all in on the conspiracy to bring down Marika and the golden order. They’re all siblings and children of Rennala and Radagon, who abandoned them to marry Marika instead, leaving Rennala distraught (they wouldn’t know R=M, to them he just left). Rykard got a shard of the rune of death from Ranni explicitly in case they ever had to fight Maliketh. They were all on the demigod council following Godwyn’s death and Marika’s disappearance, which almost immediately devolved into hostilities. It’s implied the first seige of Leyndell was Radahn’s army trying to take the Erdtree, and Jerren has some hidden dialogue where he says he also serves Ranni and Radahn holding back the stars until the right moment is part of Ranni’s plan to overthrow Marika. Of course, Rykard got eaten by a serpent and Radahn was ruined by Malenia’s rot, though Ranni’s plan was still able to be completed.
    [removed]
        It’s not really clear, but I think it was implied he was waiting for the proper time. For whatever reason, Ranni couldn’t enact her plan immediately, and had to wait for the right moment. That’s why the Radahn festival only happens when the stars are aligned, you can see a big astrolabe in Redmane Castle as well. Maybe Radahn also wanted to ensure no space monsters fell down and interfered while the plan took place.
            Depending on the setting's cosmology, there may actually be something to that. For one thing, if the stars were indeed frozen in place, how could they align? From that, we could assume they were either simply slowed considerably *or* that they were frozen relative to something other than the Lands Between, and that the alignment set up the impact that breached Nokron once they were released.

Of course, "when the stars align" could also have just been a poetic way of saying "when the catering gets here" and Radahn may well have been, when he still had his wits about him, simply acting in opposition to his sister's goals for whatever reason.
        The family was moving away from the accepted sorceries of the time to moon sorceries. The holding of the stars also halted Sellen's plans. The swords at Caelid also say the starscourge conflict was a conflict to save the town of sorcery. You can find Lusat kept prisoner near a cave and the spell he gives you is the primeval sorcery that call down star pieces. Ranalla's plan was implied to be to take over the college with moon sorcery and to do this she had to decrease the influence of the primeval school of sorceries.  

Iji who is a part of the carian royal council is close friends with Jerren the witch hunter who was inducted into Radahn's army as a guest commander. Jerren was introduced to Radahn through the carian royal courts. We know Radahn halted the stars when he was young so this implies he was still welcomed by the carian royal courts. In game jerren sends you to Iji to tell him to let you fight Radahn on behalf of Ranni so her fate is resumed. When we talk to Iji he has like a face palm moment and goes of course how could we forget that the stars control fate for the royals, the path to nokron might reveal itself if the stars resume movement. This implies they were not aware that anything nefarious was taking place by holding the stars, remember that the family wanted to move away from star stuff and move towards moon stuff, by halting the fate dictated by the stars this might be possible.

There is also evidence they support each other as they share faction troops among each others.

The capitol was most likely attacked by Radahn( as per the picture with morgot fighting Radahn ). If you look at the map the capitol was attacked from the left and not from the right. The fighting takes place only on the left. The path leading to the left comes from the volcano manor, this implies that they were working together to attack the capitol.

There is evidence that suggest it was a war between the house of the moon (The Carian Royals) and the golden order.
        This is a big misunderstanding of Ranni's questline. Ranni only needed a way in to Nokstella, it just so happens to do so you need to blast apart the landscape and only a star could do that. Important to note that the one who gave us the solution was Sellen, a sorcerer expert in glinstone magic. Of course her solution would be the stars, Ranni herself didn't say or know his brother was the reason her plans were not pushing through.

Her Age of Stars ending has nothing to do with her and the stars either, as she wants to be free from the influence of all Outer Gods.
    There's one *glaring* flaw in this head canon of yours; Marika is *explicitly* the one that broke the Elden Ring in the first place.

I find it far more plausible that Ranni's goals are roughly the same as Marika's: telling the outer gods to fuck off.
        I think both of them had their own goals, and both of them do want the outer gods to fuck off. In Ranni’s case, that involves overthrowing the golden order and Greater Will, and in Marika’s case it’s shattering the Elden Ring and calling back the tarnished to defeat the Elden Beast. The entire goal of the night of the black knives (which happened pre-shattering) was so Ranni could shed her body and free herself from the Two Fingers’ influence.
            The lore can be a little unclear since "the Shattering" is also the name of the resulting war. My understanding of the order of events was:

• Marika shatters the Elden Ring.

• Night of Black Knives

• "The Shattering" war

Not entirely sure how much of that is headcanon at the moment.
                The story trailer clarifies it a bit, the stealing of the rune of death, Night of the Black Knives, and murder of Godwyn the Golden was the inciting incident that drove Marika to shatter the Elden Ring, which then led to her disappearance, distribution of the great runes, and the Shattering wars.
    Jerren doesn't say that. He says he knew Iji once, which tracks with his item descriptions saying he used to serve the Carian royal family before leaving with Radahn, and that the Radahn festival would set Ranni's fate into motion, which is because it involves killing Radahn. If Radahn stopping the stars was part of Ranni's plan to begin with, then we wouldn't need Selen to tell us to kill him, Ranni would know already.
        Hmm, that does makes sense, I might have been misremembering his lines. I think Ranni is asleep by that point though, so she can’t tell us.
            Surely she would have left instructions.
To me this is a good example of a classic narrative structure. The world is unevolving and in a stalemate. Nothing is bound to change because the powers in place aren't making any moves anymore. We, the protagonist, are the protagonist (or inciting incident) who set the world in motion.
Yo, the Elden Ring, the thing that literally balances and orders life in the lands between, has been shattered. Did you listen to the intro haha?
He is litteraly a warmonger campaigning to become Elden Lord
I'm not a simp lol. Some are just there to restore or improve the Gold Order.

Depends on the Tarnished I'd say.
Lore-wise, fall damage isn't a problem. Our character easily shrugs off getting thrown off a huge cliff by Patches, and we also no-sell an enormous fall in the Divine Tower of Caelid. 
Not to mention our other feats of fighting gods.

Fall damage is just a gameplay feature for us and enemies.
    We also survive the fall from the Chapel of Anticipation
        I'm still not sure as to if we actually survive that area and end up getting washed up into the cavern or if we die and end up by some Erdtree roots.

It's certainly possible that we survived, as Fromsoft has used the "You Died" screen for times when our character is canonically just KO'd in previous games (Dark Souls 1 and Bloodborne), and our character can survive injuries like impalement in gameplay, but it's debatable.
            Nah we survived it. If you pay attention in the beginning when the scion beats you the screen turns black for a bit and you hear dragging and an eventual splash. There is beach you go to from the south agheel lake grace, there is a spirit spring by some tiny octopuses, where you can jump down and reach the beach. The beach has a rear entrance to the tutorial dungeon where its all damp and wet. So you get chucked off the chapel of anticipation and wash up in the tutorial cave where melinia and torrent first find you
                If you leave your status screen open, the Grafted Scion only drops you to 1 hp so the PC definitely survives the encounter
                    Wonder if that functions like that if you beat the grafted scion.

For anyone unaware, if you beat the scion it'll drop some weapons and the fog gate to leave will fade. You'll step forward and see some butterflies at the edge of the cliff. You walk out to touch the butterflies and the cliff falls apart underfoot and you fall to "YOU DIED". Cause FromSoft. Ends up in exactly the same tutorial location.
                        oh, thats why the cliff is there. thats the spot you get teleported to from the belfrie tower. i turned around and just died
                        I think it was on either one of Zullie's videos or a tweet, that the game keeps a death counter for how many times your character has died. They found that losing to the grafted scion does not increment the counter, but beating it and falling off the cliff does
                            I died 2,147,483,647 times. My game doesn't work anymore.
                Thanks for the info. That's always been something I wasn't sure about.
            [removed]
                Did you seriously steal someone else's comment from this post? What are you? A karma farming bot?
            You get the 'you died' text from the Iron maiden that transports you to the area under volcano manir. 

So pc probably survived other instances.
        Leonard is Best boy.
            I agree, he assisted the Gaffer very well.
        That’s the same kind of “surviving” you do every time you die though, except because you haven’t rested at any grace the world just sucks you underground. I’m pretty sure it even says you died when you fall
    >and we also no-sell an enormous fall in the Divine Tower of Caelid.

First time I hit that drop, I damn near shit myself on the way down. Then I land, take zero fall damage, and find a message on the ground that just says "Legs?"

I love this stupid community so much.
        One of the last places in the game I found and still hadn't been spoiled on that fall. 'Visions of death' indeed my good message leaving chum.
        Wait which fall? Is it after the godskin apostle? Because I haven’t gotten that far…
            No, just before the apostle.
                You mean the platforming section? Because I died every time I fell…
        My first playthrough was offline and I missed the part quite a while. I was trained to save and quit when falling, and after seeing the death trap in the chapel of anticipation I didn't even think about not quitting out on that fall.
    tbh I disagree, in fromsoftware games there's virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay. Pretty much everything but the UI has a canon explanation, including multiplayer, multiple playthroughs, and leveling up. There is no ludonarrative dissonance like in uncharted, everything you do is what is actually happening. Id consider it an outlier tbh, like in sekiro being unable to damage this one armored dude yet you can parry giant monsters.
        This idea that fromsoft games have absolutely zero discrepancy between gameplay and lore is consistently contradicted. Not to mention that I literally *just* gave direct examples of the PC easily surviving falls that would kill you in normal gameplay. 

1. You're still able to respawn in gameplay when you're canonically unable to. This happened against the Moon Presence in Bloodborne, Genichiro/Isshin in Sekiro, and after you release Destined Death in Elden Ring.

2. The way that immortality works in Elden Ring is completely different from the respawning mechanic. Immortality in Elden Ring isn't instantaneous—it's a very long process of reincarnation that sees your soul being absorbed into the roots of the Erdtree (which is said by one spirit to require patience). 
Despite possessing grace, the Demigods haven't returned to life even after you die and respawn in gameplay. If respawning worked like the actual canonical immortality, they would have come back to life by the time we do.
All of the other characters suggest that dying is a significant deal and not something that you or they can quickly respawn from, despite the fact that they're all just as immortal as you, and they never respawn when killed.

3. There's no such thing as "other worlds" in Elden Ring's lore. Item descriptions are even meta and explicitly use terms like "multiplayer" and "coop".

4. You're able to damage gods in Elden Ring with weapons that aren't upgraded, despite it being specifically stated by the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone that it requires weapons powerful enough to bend time in order to harm them. Also, RL1 runs are not canon.

5. I-frames don't exist in lore.

6. In the Radahn fight, Alexander says that he was busted open with a single hit from Radahn and hid for the rest of the fight, yet in gameplay, he's a tank. Blaidd also specifically states that the glory of the clash is shared between the Tarnished and Radahn, meaning that the PC was the one who actually did all of the work and defeated him, regardless of whether you just let the summons do everything in gameplay.

7. Characters powerful enough to slay gods in lore can die from small falls and weak enemies in gameplay.

8. In Dark Souls, it says "You Died" despite the fact that you were only KOd and imprisoned by Seath. The same thing happened in Bloodborne with those bag-carrying dudes in the Cathedral Ward that bring you to that gaol. They simply have "You Died" screen because that's how the gameplay works.

And much more, but that's more than enough to convey the point.
            This was cool to read
            I agree with everything you said~ *except*~ for the “gods have grace” statement.  So far as I understand ~ the demigods/gods all lost their grace when the tarnished were brought back into grace.  The Greater Will (and grace, by proxy) turned its back on the demigods, as a result of the shattering and the war.

Unless I’m missing something… which is VERY likely.

But all in all~ ER/souls games definitely has dissonance between canon and gameplay~ even if those disconnects are smaller than maybe other games.
                There's no mention of them losing their grace, and from what we know, the Greater Will isn't the one who controls who has grace and who doesn't. Marika is said to have granted the early grace-given their grace and is the one who took away grace from The Tarnished and was planning on giving it back to them iirc.

It's also implied that the Greater Will just straight-up abandoned The Lands Between. It's mostly just been the Two-Fingers trying to salvage everything. Given that most beings still possess grace, it's clear that grace doesn't stem from the Greater Will.

There's also the fact that the Two-Fingers stated that Marika could continue to rule as a god, despite the fact that she had acted against the goals of the Greater Will before and even broke the Elden Ring, which caused the entire mess. I find it hard to believe that they'd completely reject the Demigods for committing relatively minor sins while they're willing to forgive Marika for a cardinal sin, even when they already have potential replacements for her.
                    This is where I’m confused, because I’m almost certain an NPC (cannot remember whom) explicitly tells you that your mission as tarnished is to kill the demigods, as they have betrayed the golden order and lost their grace.  It is why we are literally guided by grace to kill them and rebuild the Elden Ring.

Now we betray Grace/Two Fingers/Greater Will/whatever~ once we defeat Morgott and aspire to ascend to the mountaintops.  I have a personal theory that it’s partly why Godfrey was drawn back to the Tree to retake his place as Elden Lord, because Grace abandoned us.  Again I could be wrong but I feel like this was explicitly said in game…
                        I've looked around, and I couldn't find anything about them losing grace. The closest thing to that comes from dialogue with Enia and the Two-Fingers, who essentially say that they Greater Will had given up on the Demogods, as none of them were able to become Elden Lord. They don't say anything about having taken away their grace, just that they'll have their great runes taken away by force.

They're implying that it's because of the Demigods' inability to become lord that they've called upon the Tarnished to take them out and take the throne instead, not because of the Demigods committing sin by taking part in the Shattering.
                            Oh interesting.  I might have extrapolated.  I definitely conflate the GW and Grace, which you say above they are very different with different goals.

Why would grace guide us to kill the Demigods, then… is there a story-based reason for it, or is it just “game-feel” related?
            1-7 are correct. 8 is not correct in relation to Dark Souls. Undead characters in Dark Souls actually die. They just don't stay dead, and then they either regain (potentially diminished) sanity at a bonfire or remain insane and hollow. Seath exploits the connection between bonfires and undeath to trap the player-character. You do actually drop your bloodstain in the room where Seath kills you---just as with any other death in the game.

In general, FromSoft didn't start to worsen at that kind of consistency between world and gameplay until Dark Souls II and Bloodborne. After that, though, it has been a relatively steady slide, and Elden Ring may be the worst in that regard so far.
                How would Seath do that? Are there any item descriptions or dialogue for this? Because we've never seen such a thing anywhere else.

Also, I'm pretty sure you drop bloodstains when similar things happen in Bloodborne and Elden Ring as well.
                    While it's unclear *exactly* how he does it, it's no great stretch whatsoever. Seath is canonically one of the most knowledgeable beings about the nature of life and death in the Souls universe. He lives in a vast library of archives where he has done nothing but research immortality for thousands of years. He has successfully grown the crystals which contributed to the longevity of the ancient dragons, has successfully abducted many people in the past in a variety of ways, has been a close confidante and advisor of Gwyn (who originally placed the undead curse on humanity), and his own attacks inflict the curse status effect.

Moreover, there is a very conspicuous bonfire in the cage where you go after he kills you, and it is clearly manipulated as it is cut off from the others for the purpose of warping, and is not the one at which you last rested. The mechanics are frequently part of the storytelling in Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, and I believe that occasion is no exception. You have to lose all of your HP for the Seath encounter to advance you to the cage; when that happens, you die.

I can't speak to the similar occasions in the later games. I'm not as acquainted with their lore, and, again, I think FromSoft was more careless about this kind of stuff in their more recent releases---especially when it comes to simply copying things over from earlier titles.
                        Is there a connection between the undead curse and sorcery? I always thought those were completely separate areas of magic, and Seath was entirely focused on sorcery iirc. 

Also, if Seath is able to manipulate where our soul ends up, why doesn't he just toss us into an abyss if he kills us in the rematch? Or into a different prison cell. And why haven't we seen anything like that in DS2 or DS3 (unless I'm forgetting something from those).

If that's what he canonically did, then I feel like it has a lot of plot holes.
                            It's not our soul. It's our body. You may be confusing the lore of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls there.

He's obviously waiting for us when we arrive at the archives, and he is obviously not waiting for us when we escape the cell and infiltrate the crystal caves. I'm not sure what you mean by your question about a different cell; we're trapped in that one *because* that's the one with the manipulated bonfire in it. And curse is *not* a form of sorcery as far as we know, which is why it is significant that Seath also personally wields curse as an attack.

But again, the particular details of the functioning of his trap are not explicitly explained to us in the game. Few things in Dark Souls are given the level of specificity that you seem to be requesting. To access the story and world details, players are expected to be able to connect the dots with the partial information they are given, and other things are just left open to interpretation. We simply don't know why Seath is able to do it when he is ready for us in the archives, and not when we surprise him in the caves. Perhaps it requires some preparation, or some proximity to the manipulated bonfire.

Your list of questions about other things he might have done or other points in other games where it might've happened doesn't contain any plot holes, so your mention of plot holes is somewhat odd. The player-character loses all their hit points; the game says 'You Died'; they drop a bloodstain; they respawn at a bonfire. That is what happens when the player-character dies in Dark Souls. It's obviously Seath's fault when the bonfire they respawn at this time is in a cage in Seath's personal prison ward. These are not difficult dots to connect.
            This is a great list!
            [deleted]
                Yes, necessarily. That's how *all* living beings come back to life. From the lowest insect to the highest lord.  They don't even necessarily return to life in their own body, as all of those jellyfish-looking things are formerly children who've been reincarnated.

None of what you're saying is present in the lore.

The only difference is where they're buried, as those with higher honors get buried closer to the base of the Erdtree right at the roots. Others just get buried in catacombs.

No, he doesn't send us anywhere; he's not able to do anything like that. It's simply the roundtable hold. The reason why NPCs aren't there is to prevent the player from accidentally killing them. 
There's nothing in-lore physically preventing us from attacking others in the roundtable. It's just the player character choosing not to attack anything, just like in the Grand Library, the Radahn Festival gathering, Volcano Manor, etc.

Unlike in Dark Souls, which has a convoluted flow of reality that allows for parallel timelines to cross into each other, there is no such thing in Elden Ring. 

Other universes would be a *significant* change to the cosmology as we know it, but there isn't a single bit of dialogue or item description that actually supports it.

Releasing Destined Death is exactly what it's said to be—it releases the concept of Death into the world to allow for a true death. Releasing it allows for "death, indiscriminate" as opposed to only the body dying, and those given grace being allowed to live once again.
                    [deleted]
                        I just looked up all of Gideon's dialogue, and I couldn't find any such statement. No, he absolutely does not control the roundtable. If anyone at all does, it would be the two-fingers, but even that doesn't have any evidence supporting it.

The exact same thing happens in plenty of different areas in the game without any explanation whatsoever. You're just coming up with headcanon.
            I didnt mean to imply there absolutely no disrepency, there has to be some, but there is also a consistent thread with a bunch of outliers. "Lore" versions of game characters are in general just unbrindled wank of every single hyperbole fandom can find as well as cancerous powerscalling that usually doesn't even make sense. It's the same for Dark Souls, Bloodborne, TES, Destiny or Undertale. Like, to say that the tarnished is impervious to any and all falls is just a similar level of wank IMO. it was bad enough that people claimed solar system level Dark Souls bosses. Elden Ring is going to be even worse. For this reason, gameplay feats are the best measure of a characters power and competence.

-Ofc youre still able to respawn, the game would end right there otherwise

-I don’t know if it’s explained in ER but in dark souls, everyone’s world is linked and can phase in and out, and with the stones you can phase into someone else’s world. Pretty much just have Knight Solaire’s dialogue to go off of and idk if that’s much of a lore implication.
In ER, I haven’t found an NPCs that have explained it but the Lands Between are probably linked like Souls games.

I frames dont exist, but it enables a certain ludonarrative thread. Even at RL1/SL1, anyone who is alive can be killed,  both the player and the enemies working on the same set of rules. Even while crazy bosses seem to be overpowered, often their movesets are limited by set potentials for their patterns, stamina, and stagger-potential; and all this combined to make gameplay experience where skill, strategy, and perseverance resulted in consistent and predictable accomplishments. Its fuckin great
                Sounds like you just don't understand how games and power-scaling work. You have to go off of author-intent, which is told in the lore, not the gameplay. Otherwise, you end up with street-level Kratos and Dante who can't even bust walls despite the fact that they've killed cosmic beings explicitly stated to be far above that.

The fact that you think the Tarnished being able to survive any fall is "wank" when they can kill gods which explicitly require literal time-bending levels of power to be harmed is utterly absurd and only makes you seem incredibly biased.
                    Haven't played dmc but kratos has gameplay  feats that qualify his godhood. 

I do agree with taking author intent into consideration! I just don't think we should cherrypick which gameplay elements to ignore when judging a character, especially in fromsoftware games that tries to unify the gameplay and lore as as well as it does. Otherwise they just get wanked higher than most people's interpretation of the character when playing the game. Like, what does time-bending levels of power even mean, and does that really say anything about the characters durability? Not that it matters, but it's fun to talk abt

I appreciate the reply lol
                        Kratos and Dante in gameplay can't even bust walls. They can shatter small amounts of stone/concrete at most with their more powerful moves, whereas in the lore, they're capable of defeating cosmic beings that damage the fabric of reality. 
Kratos scales to Ouranus, who created the universe with his birth, as well as to Thor and Jormungandr who broke apart time and destroyed the Yggdrasil with their fight, yet he can get get easily killed by Draugr in gameplay. He's explicitly stated to be able to carry the world with Atlas, but he struggles with chests, and Cory Barlog directly explained that he struggles with chests for the sake of gameplay—to give the player a bit more interaction.

Considering that the lore is essentially the story, and that author intent is told through the story, then lore is prioritized over gameplay. Gameplay should only be used when they're consistent with lore. That's why regular shooter game characters shouldn't be considered bulletproof or immortal even though they can rank bullets and respawn in gameplay, as that's generally not consistent with the story.

Likewise, if the lore states that a character has cosmic levels of power, but they can't even break a bit of stone due to gameplay limitations, then the lore should be prioritized, as *that* is the story.

Fromsoft tries to tie lore to gameplay more than the average games do, but even back in Demon's Souls, there were discrepancies, as the Slayer of Demon's could kill a demon that was capable of killing dragons with his bare hands as a human, but that same Slayer of Demon's would struggle immensely with killing Dragons even with weapons.

The Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone item description states that it's from a realm outside of time, and bends time to allow the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god. Meaning that any sort of weapon not capable of that would be unable to harm a god according to the lore.

There's also other examples like Meteorite of Astel, which is stated to have leveled a city, but in gameplay, it doesn't even cause any sort of environmental damage.
        >  in fromsoftware games there's virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay

that is absolutely absurd and literally any surface level examination disproves that. you've been smoking too much ludonarrative crack  rock.
            It isn't absurd. Like bioshock, fromsoftware games have gameplay elements that harmonizes with the story. I'm just having a simple disagreement on a character lol, chill
                'gameplay elements that harmonize with the story' isn't the same thing as 'virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay'

just take the L bro
                    > 'virtually

look up what this means, bro
    Wait, when did we fall from the tower?

Also, patches never existed on my game. I found his bell there in the cave, early game. Feel like I missed out.

Overall, I had 3 quest lines I couldn’t finish due to glitches.
        In the Divine Tower of Caelid, when you're going down to the Godskin Apostle, right before the final elevator, you fall from a height that would 100% kill you in normal gameplay.
    Dude fuck patches. Lost 30k runes after being thrown off that cliff, which is still a lot to me. I went back and killed that dumbass, I’m so sick of his shit.
Is it possible to learn this power?
    If you have enough points in INT yea
        hot dog
    Not from the two fingers...
Fuck that bird
    Why everyone hate them so much? I thought they were pretty easy tbh
        Well, they are unbelievably horrifying.
            Fair point
There are multiple Death birds right? Wonder what the lore is behind those wacky fellas.
    Looking at some of the early lore items, they seem to be the custodians of death from before the Erdtree who cremated the dead in their fires. But the Twinbird Kite Shield reveals that they are in fact scions of another Outer God that sent their mother to the Lands Between just like how the Greater Will sent the Elden Beast.
        Hm, wonder if the crucible is in fact another outer God’s will then…
            Considering all the machinations we know of, I do get the distinct feeling that there is very little that does not stem from one outer god or another.
    They seem to be the old worship of natural death that precede the Erdtree. Of course, they eventually got rolled into the whole thing with the Mausoleum Knights in tow. The actual birds themselves don't seem to be too pleased about it as they're not part of Erdtree worship and take massive, massive holy damage.

They're also on every above ground land mass apart from upper Limgrave.
        Wait what, meaning there’s one in the peninsula, caelid, liurnia, altus, the mountaintop, snowfield, and farum azula? >.> HOW DID I MISS ALL THESE?!?!?
            Well, not FA...
                Oh, well that’s still 4-5 birds I’ve missed since I only remember seeing one or two.
I don’t think there’s any lore about that for Ludwig. He just turned into a hideous beast that happens to look like a horse.
    It is said that Ludwig "rode out" from the Great Bridge during the hunts. He was a mounted hunter and it could either have been a sick inspiration for what he became or the horse actually fused with him
        Plus there's the fact that he has far more limbs than most beasts, who only have four. Ludwig is the only exception iirc
            I want to add that there's some item description or dialog (its been far too long) that describes that basically, the more devoted you are to the faith/the more priestly you are, the more vicious and crazy of a beast you can become. I always assumed that Ludwig with just super super into the whole church thing, and with that magic sword boosting his faith even further, he lost himself way more than really anyone else.
                It's less of a faith thing and more the amount of blood consumed. The item you're talking about is likely the sword hunter badge. Still, my favourite thing about these games is that the lore can spark this kind of discussion. Very fun
                    If it is [amount of blood consumed] then it would still make sense. He was THE hunter for quite a while, and probably got hurt and needed way more healing than the average joe.
                    Sword Hunter Badge: “Ludwig was the first of many Healing Church hunters to come, many of whom were clerics. As it was, clerics transformed into the most hideous beasts."
Literally seems like they designed a lot of harder enemies to turn Torrent into a trap. They seem to spam attacks with insane tracking when you ride him.
Farmed him some frozen raisins and shared my blesstus with him
    You couldnt even thaw them out? tsk tsk
Therefore, time for singularity
    "Damnit, Liara, you're gonna crash my game!"

"Haha, singularity go brrrrrrttt!"
Sometimes enemies just need a little Push
I think it would be cool if there was scaling to it. Like the higher your INT level/staff level is then you could lift bigger or heavier enemies. There could be some exceptions like Radahn obviously or just bosses in general. The bigger enemies would just be more resistant to it
    Could just also be like Astel's gravity attack where even if it doesn't lift you up, if you're in the radius, the slam down will still deal damage. So even without the utility of keeping an enemy suspended in air, it's still lethal.
        To be fair astel's pretty bullshit to mele range users though.  Between the god-awful camera angles and the range on it, oooof.
Poetry
    Edgar Alan POEtry





I'm leaving. You can't catch me.
Quarrel, sir! No, sir.
Happy cake day
just feed him some berries and his ripped entrails / broken legs are healed and he is happy...
I don’t think it’s actually an issue with them trying to prevent people from taking shortcuts; I think it’s simply a limitation of how the engine was designed to calculate fall damage. 

The engine calculates damage by comparing the height difference between your starting point, where you jump or fall from, and where you land; if the height difference is between those two locations is greater than a specific number you take damage. 

In order for the current engine to allow for double jumping to reset the damage check the game would need to track and record torrents height at every double jump so it can calculate the damage on landing. 

It’s likely that this simply wasn’t a priority.
    Since you mentioned it, this also probably prevents our runes from floating in mid air halfway down a cliff.
        That would be a fun one try minigame. Also really easy to bypass this.
    What about spirit springs? as long as you jump from one you wont die from falls unless it ends up in the ocean
        It's actually a kind of buff, when you go into it you get a little gust affect around you and it negates fall damage, you can jump down into the springs, as long as you come somewhat close to it before impact it does the little wind buff thing and negates the fall damage.
        That's different; with the spirit springs it just turns off fall damage for the jump, or if you're within the safe landing area. It doesn't have to check where you are compared to where you last jumped to determine if you can survive it because it doesn't even run that check.
    There's clearly areas in the overworld purposely designed so that you can't just drop down to it with Torrent.
        There's like one in caelid leading to the great jar. Can't think of any others off the top of my head that require you to get there from somewhere else
    Unless their codebase is insanely fucked, removing fall damage from a double jump may be as simple as resetting distance fallen when the user presses the double jump button. The game also already tracks distance fallen at a moment's notice anyway, whenever the player walks off the cliff. 

I find it hard to believe that FromSoft can have issues with something this simple unless of course, their implementation of the mechanic is insanely convoluted and unmaintainable.
        Yep. It's not an implementation problem. I don't know what people are on saying that it is. They just didn't want to allow the player to scale downwards infinitely with a double jump as it would significantly alter how the world could be traversed; you could fall just about any distance on horseback trivially but getting back up would be a much bigger issue. No place in the overworld could present the challenge of descending safely. The world would either need to be made mostly an uphill terrain with less flat land or feel much more flat as a result.

Limiting the maximum downwards distance one can fall on horseback essentially places a hard cap on how far you can move downwards, in any context, with specific exceptions to make exploration more interesting and rewarding. You have to look down if going downwards can kill you. If it can't, all you have to look out for is bottomless cliffs.
    [deleted]
        They'd have to treat torrents jump as solid ground, meaning your runes could get stuck midair and I'm sure lots of other unintended bugs.
            No... just when he jumps, set a new height to calc the fall from. Making a torrent jump the same as solid ground would be very sloppy coding.
            [deleted]
                Him taking fall damage? Intended 

Him dying past 20m? Not intended but they didn't care

If it isn't a limitation then why do bosses still die from 20m falls? Seems like they'd program them to not die that easily

I'm sure there is a way around it (they patched the fire giant cheese somehow) but I'm guessing it's not an easy fix as its not implemented often  (if at all, I'm pretty sure fire giant is the only exception to fall damage)

Edit: auto correct
                    [deleted]
                        You're talking to a bag of rocks with fingers. Im sorry.

Torrent's jumps are already tracked so that the second input makes him jump. Duh. You just add an extra not even a line of code that resets the height fallen variablr. If Torrent generates a ground surface when he doublejumps, just ignore the first height difference (off the cliff to double jump location) and account for height fallen after the second input.

Its not rocket science. Its basic logic. Really basic.
                            preamble: I think it was a design decision, not an implementation issue.

but, it should be said that there’s a huge gap between basic logic and simplicity in implementation.
            No? Just reset the number on a double jump. A direct change. You don't need to go in and program an environmental change to manipulate a variable you can edit directly.
    [deleted]
        He’s getting downvoted because thats a very silly theory. It would be computationally negligible to reset fall damage, and its plainly obvious that fromsoft uses fall deaths to partition the map
        But it's not an engine limitation, they could easily alter fall damage calculations. No, it's a deliberate design decision by the level designers, to funnel characters down certain pathways. The ER overworld is built around corridors that interweave and overlap, with specific funnels to guide you to points of interest and frame the landscape. Being able to easily hop from one to another would break that design principle.

BOTW designers made it far too easy to bypass terrain using the glider, and that made travel a tad too generic. Even Elden Ring isn't perfect, fast travel is actually a bit too fast, but at least it only applies to your second trip through an area.
            BotW actually did every single thing better than FROM, except for combat.   
  
I don't want specific funnels.  Its an open world game.  You can guide the player without forcing them (they already implemented this with guiding grace).   In BotW you could go straight to wherever you wanted.  I didnt need to stare at a map and run around the same cliff for a fucking hour trying to get up/down.  It's a pain in the ass, and makes exploring one too.  That combined with the shit rewards (oh boy! another artorias leaf that Ill never use!) made me not even want to explore.   BotW mayve also had some lackluster gifts, but the world was a treat to explore.  You got to do interesting puzzles, and use interesting game mechanics, not just fight through annoying imp spam every dungeon.  Dont even get me started on the music.
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
                [deleted]
                    It's because of landscape design and funneling the player down certain paths at certain times towards certain points of interest. It's a level-design necessity.
        It's obvious that the OP doesn't know anything about programming is why
    Is it from the starting point of the jump, or the last instance of stable ground? Because the whole stable ground mechanic in FS games might account for why Torrent's double jump doesn't count.
    This is most likely not the case, unless their code is complete garbage.
    Most ledges you shouldn't be able to get down to in the overworld usually have a hidden grave stair or roots that you can parkour down to, only exception being Radahn's arena. So Torrent double jump not negating fall damage shouldn't be a world design problem.
Here’s the thing tho, science dictates that a double jump that completely breaks your downward momentum and turns it into upwards momentum would be extremely bad for your health. It’s not the hitting the ground part that kills you, it’s the very, **VERY** rapid deceleration after the massive acceleration you just experienced. It creates two very polar opposite forces that just crushes you. 

A double jump at terminal velocity, just before the hitting the ground would be just as lethal as hitting the ground.
    Actually, a double jump at terminal velocity should be *more* lethal than hitting the ground, because you accelerate more to change direction than to stop
    "Science dictates" that double jumps are impossible. Any point that presupposes the existence of a double jump can't then point to science.
    It isn’t the fall that kills ya, it’s the sudden stop at the end. Except if you decided to say fuckit and not only stop but go the opposite way at the end? You’re extra dead
    >science dictates

it's literally a magical horse
"Traversal puzzles"  
  
Looking for a jump pad isn't much of a puzzle.  Trial and error of scaling a cliff side is tedious.  It's just bad design to pad game time, just like all the copy pasted bosses and dungeons.  Most people want to see the whole map anyways, and if they dont, they shouldnt have to.  It's pointless.  It would be significantly more enjoyable if they either omitted or changed it.
They already have drop kill zones in all those places to prevent that
The guy who replied to you is being downvoted, but he failed to mention something.

/u/Greensburg  is right. It's not tricky at all. How do I know this? Because *it's already in the game.* Ever jump off a cliff into one of the updrafts? They turn off fall death, and damage, by making an exception for Torrent's case.

Now go back and remove your downvotes for not thinking your arguments through.
It's...really not tricky at all. Just make an exception for Torrent's case, or make the double jump reset the distance flag.

Actually, the fact that many bosses die to fall damage is probably just an oversight on their end. They forgot to add exceptions for those cases since they didn't think they would ever be susceptible to fall damage.

There is no such thing as a "hard-coded auto death" that developers have to get around. They have complete control over their engine. The 20m rule just applies to all entities by default, but can be easily overwritten.
    I think you misunderstand. The game engine is coded such that 20 meters is the "you die no matter what" height when you hit the ground. Changing that would involve an entire codebase update, which would be hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours of work and QA testing.

The same thing can be said about the double jump mechanic. Calculating fall height is a "one and done" type of thing ie the game engine saves the beginning elevation of your fall/jump and then assigns damage based on the landing elevation. Having the engine do TWO fall height calculations and save TWO data sets and calculate those in tandem seems possible, but would also take many hundreds of hours of engine re-coding. And it's also possible this would cause un-do stress on older CPU/GPU in things like the PS4 or XBone.

If they wanted to change the way Torrent acted when landing on a surface after a great height, they would need to change it's entity class to a flying entity and also make it so that it never actually touches the ground (making Torrent essentially "fly"). This would be similar to how the bullshit Stormhawks work.
        So how come spiritspring jumps work?

It's literally not a coding issue. It's a deliberate level design choice. There's so many places where you can see something below you but have to find a safe route to it (the canyon in Caelid that's only accessible via Siofra for example) that they don't want to break the intended route to.
        Wow, great essay based on nothing but assumptions. How do you explain spiritsprings then?
        Its much easier to consider a "flying" entity as a grounded one, and just change the location of the hurtbox and textures. Having multiple entity types is unnecessary, the "flying" enemies just dont jump.

You dont need a check on *every* jump or *every* action. You're also way overblowing the amount of testing it would require to add a single extra check to a single entity with a long list of exceptions.

The only time any additional calculations would have to occur is if and only if a second jump input is executed. No input execution, no code execution. Yes, it will be waiting until it hits the ground with another caveat, but again, thats an extremely small and lightweight change to a heavily used component of the game. Its not gonna increase lag to add a single flag to *one npc*.
        Tell me you know nothing about programming without saying you know nothing about programming.
        With your assumptions, even if you reset fall height and recalculate the fall damage every single time Torrent double jumps it's at most a 100% load increase on the hardware with respect to Torrent jumping only. The complexity class would still be the same, and the player isn't double jumping every time.
Thats the dumbest shit Ive ever heard.   No, its really not hard.  Theyve been doing that since *at least* Gamecube days.  Even if it wasn't as simple as reseting fall distance when double jump is pressed (hint: it is), you can give him the immune to fall damage status effect that you get from the jump pads for the distance of 20 meters in double jump.  Since you fall at a consistent speed, we know exactly how long it takes to fall 20 meters, and could give that duration to the buff.  
  
Its a bad design choice, not an implementation limit.
Radahns arena, Consecrated Snowfields, and many other places.
It invalidates half of the really well done world design. They didnt put cliffs and elevation difference in the game just for fun. Areas would feel so much more boring and smaller if you can just jump down everywhere.

Fromsoft is really good at hinting and guiding players to certain paths via the environment you might not even actively notice.

E.g. in limgrave the cliffs funnel most players towards the church of elleh and gatefront ruins. The drop towards mistwood seperates that area quite well too. Elevation differences in both direction are constantly put to good use.

Just look at bit at the entire overworld map and pay attention to all the cliffs and how they shape areas and how you experience those areas.

People will point to some big skips that would techincally be possible (unless they put in more death planes everywhere) but the real problem is that the entire world is designed with fall damage in mind and  removing that just makes it significantly worse in every way. It is the small detours and the ability to give your world somewhat of a flow towards certain areas and paths that is worth so much.

You could technically replace every important drop with a cliff that goes up instead but that would just look crazy stupid in many places and you would end up with incredible heights (even more so than already the case). Imagine Liurnia of the Lakes but the central swamp is up on a mountain instead..
Walling me off from another area doesnt make it a great design.  How would letting me jump from the belfreys to the mistwood below make any difference in the game, other than saving me time?  Most of the game, progression is upwards.  No fall damage doesn't affect intended progression.  You still need 2 shard bearers dead.  You still need to kill Morgott and Godfrey.   
  
I dont want Elden Ring to feel bigger.  It already feels too big for its own good.  Verticality is nothing but a hindrance to this game.  It restricts player freedom for no value.  It is there to pad game time.  Period.
Never thought I'd say this but 

Skill issue
    Yeah if you’re using torrent to traverse DOWN the gravestones on a cliff face then you deserve the death lmao. Just dismount, so much easier
It doesn't have a pronounciation guide or anything, it's only used in the code
Bro could you imagine? Night Calvary torrent?
    Nobody ever talks about Night Cavalry but they look cool as hell.
        Bro their armor and weapons are baller af
            Not to mention they’re the ones that give you the most OP ash of war in the game
        I am too busy cowering in fear of them/the night.
            Death Birds are the worst for me.  Fuck those guys.
>bling out Torrent

I hope we can do neon underglow like in Need For Speed
Same. I wanna give him a haircut and some cool ass barding. If I could get my boy some full plate armor to go with mine…
Really should’ve been in base game tbh
I mean we got regular weapons in the game how is that pay to win exactly? It’s no different than getting a whole new shiny weapon from the dlc then bringing it back to the base game like you know everyone did back in ds3
    The paired ringed knight great swords wrecked fools
        Exactly my point that thing was vicious
Including armor and equipment, dude! I'm not *Let Me Solo Her*
    >not playing naked like every experienced player since DS1 to dunk on tin cans and rollmaxx

>thinking someone with a redhead fetish invented the playstyle

ngmi
No… how about you people actually give context to these shit memes FFS
    I said it as "Google it to convince yourself"
        No you didn’t. You said it like an a hole.
[deleted]
    You didn't say double jump on your previous comment hence why i said that. Nor did you mention the wind gust spring platform. Maybe you should stop being **stupid as fuck** and be more specific next time.

Also i know it's fantasy game. Doesn't mean all logic gets thrown out the window for fuck's sake.

I'm out. Kiss my ass 😒🖕
Instructions unclear,got stuck in washing machine
    Help me, step-tarnished!
[removed]
    Dayum then that famous time relativity example about the twins, where one travels at a speed close to c so his time goes slower, how would that change of velocity and therefore time experimentation affect space? Does it have something to do with it at all? Is it like you would be flattening the space occupied by your mass or something? I really like this stuff but the way you explained was a bit mind-blowing for me, I need to connect your explanation to my own knowledge to process it lmao.
So can the Night Calvary, and the sentinels are fused/soul-bound to their horses.
    well shit that's it then
Yes, that would deal no damage at all

If you did it your way, a double jump would make the landing save. Plus, the damage calculation is really simple if it's done this way.
The way it is implemented makes you take the same damage from jumping down a cliff and walking down the same cliff.

There is a great video by illusory wall called "Elden ring Disected #1 - Fall Damage Explained" that dives deep into this topic. Mainly to explain why fall damage seems random sometimes
    Thanks for the tip, I'll check that video out.
I didn't say i was incredibly good at the game but ok oogie boogie.
    Do you just run from a main boss to the next? Or are you actually exploring and try to land on some whacky ass mini platform, because you believe there could be rare loot hidden?  
If you do the 2nd one, you gonna die a lot on Torrent.
        I don't really understand what you mean, i got every trophies on the game so yeah i explored everything and killed every boss but i didn't had trouble doing some platform with torrent.

The only thing that was annoying the first time was to get to the three fingers.
Torrent has gotten me killed more times than he saved me. Gotta love randomly taking double damage when only torrent gets hit.
Oh shit you're right, haven't watched fmj in a while lol
[removed]
Radhan doesnt actually fight, hes just being puppeteered by leonard like ratatouille
    His mind is gone, to the horse.
        His soul is gone, to the horse.

All he was once was is now the horse
            Rykard wasn’t the only one consumed by a sinister creature…
                Sinister?
                    Leonard’s eyes are *pretty* shifty… I think he has PLANS for The Lands Between.

Images of Ludwig….
                    Eh, Radhan is a tricky bastard.
                    I believe you meant stepsister, Oh no Step horse Leonard is stuck again 😂
            More horse than a man, or maybe more man than a horse.
            Guess he's just horsing around the whole fight.
        *dog
    Leonard Linguini does not ride Remy like a horse while he is controller to cook. Remy more or less rides Leonard underneath his chef hat. Get your lore straight, sir.
        Leonard the horse is also pulling Radahn's hair to direct him, just like Remy. Just... different hair.
            Does the lore suggest that the carpet matches the drapes?
                No reason to believe the curse of the Fire Giants manifests only in the North.
                    My God this comment thread is cursed. I love it
                    This alone has turned this into the best thread I've read in a while
        B cooler if he did
    Wait so is he pulling his pubes to control him
    In Ratatouille the chef was puppeteered by his hair from his head. Radahn is being puppeteered from below...

Ouch.
Yes the secret is Leonard *also* learned gravity magic and is actually better at it than Radahn!
"At the count of 3, push me up"
What about the *Leonard* attack on the Wookiees?
Leonard was the real boss all along, Radahn is just his puppet
The stars Radahn is holding back aren't solar bodies, they're creepy space creatures.
    I think some are, like the falling star beast or astel, to be fair he's called a malformed star, however we also see that the stars are clearly not actual stars or at least in our world, one collides with the lands inbetween and just makes a hole in the ground instead of completely wiping out the planet.
        It’s possible he’s holding back real stars as we know them but any meteors and Astels in the space between were also held in stasis
            Technically that could be true, but if astel is called a malformed star, like he's an actual deformed star, do stars hsve genetic code. Why the fuck is he like not that big at all. Also that means stars form differently, meaning not like our stars.

However the main reason why I don't think this is the case is it'd simply make him too powerful, I mean he'd be much stronger than markia. I mean he lost to being nuked by rot, why didnt he just crush malenia with some grav. Malenia is clearly not planet level.

Also the stars literally move so their like our world in size but they move and fall like fictual stars, meaning they clearly already broke the rules of being like real life stars.

But yeah if he could hold back stars theirs absolutely nothing stopping him from literally crushing the planet or even the erdtree, or even us, into nothingness.

Thats just my logic, and I, with absolute conviction, believe these stars arent that big, unless you say otherwise you seen smart.
        I was wondering the whole time how anyone survived that blast from that star lol. Also radahn can survive shooting himself down like a comet but dies to some sword swipes from a lowly tarnished
    The star that impacts when you kill him is not a monster. He try to hold the stars to stop Ranni from archive her destiny
        That “star” is a “falling star” which is just a cute way to describe a comet 💫or meteor☄️ that has begun to break up upon entering the atmosphere. One capable of punching a hole in the ground that deep should have completely flattened limegrave (if not most of the lands between) with mistwood in it’s entirety being reduced to a red hot crater. Even if the elden ring stars are not really stars they are still massive objects. If he had left go of said stars he probably would have been able to terraform the lands between to suit his needs using only gravity magic.
            That's not necessarily true. Even if we assume that it's appropriate to calculate the forces involved in fiction like a sweaty powerscaler (which we shouldn't because that's not how it works), Limgrave is hollow. A fairly small meteor could have shattered the relatively thin layer of rock covering the Nokron-Siofra underground area, and evidently did, since Limgrave is no flattened and the Mistwood is largely intact.

It's also pure speculation how much power Radahn needed to hold back the stars, since we have no idea what exactly he did to them in the first place.
                You missed my point. Elements of realism are not present in in elden ring bc they would have implications that break the lore. A single 50m meteor can leave a [600 ft deep crater](https://meteorcrater.com) If he could hold this back he would have been stronger than the elden beast and capable of just smushing anything infront of him into the ground with ludicrous amounts of force which would make 0 sense lol. But at the same time he would need to be holding back some sizable meteors in order to leave such a massive crater too. He was clearly capable of lifting a considerable amount of mass with gravity magic as shown in the cutscene with him and malenia when he tears apart the ground lifting his swords in the flashiest way possible. Also there would be no excuse for gravity magic and gravity AoWs for being so mid if it could be used to smush things directly. So for lore and player combat a lot of things were made a bit nonsensical so ambiguity would aid it and keep people talking about it.
        It's not a star either, just a comet.
Literally holding space in place to keep away the horrors it holds
    O yeah, possible more ASTELS and nighmarish  Bulls as well
        The "Wait. Are we the bad guys?" moment hits. Though I can't say that
    I mean he was taught gravity magic by one of the space horrors (an onyx lord), he was holding it in place to checkmate Ranni
    That's not why he did it as far as we know. There were already Astels and fallingstar beasts around before that, and they weren't a major threat then, so there's no reason to assume the Lands Between urgently needed that protection.
        >they weren't a major threat then

Idk, Nokron would probably disagree.
            The Astel in Nokron was sent by the Greater Will, it's not a threat to the Golden Order.
                How do yall get this deep in the lore? Is it all in the item descriptions? Ive figured out a few things on my own that way but not nearly to the extent some of yall have.
                    Osmosis.

(Also yes, mostly item descriptions. And dialogue sometimes. And a healthy dose of personal interpretation.)
Weeeeell technically the more mass an object has the easier it is for it to be affected by gravity so teeeeeeeeeechnically it's way more impressive to use gravity on something really small like a horse. Just saying
There's a RussianBadger video on Fallout New Vegas with the incredible title:

*UNSTOPPABLE MORON MAKES NUCLEAR WASTELAND NOTICEABLY WORSE*

The place is certainly already fucked but the undead idiot with a giant hammer sprinting around screaming "***UNGA BUNGA***" isn't really going to be making things much better. Really the only certainty is that a lot of things will be left a lot flatter...
    Except when you literally do make things better through multiple ending possibilities
        Or even just killing certain bosses. You can't tell me that getting rid of fucking Godrick the Grafted isn't a net positive for the Lands Between.
            But tbf any other demigod could've done so too, he was said to be the weakest by far and even Morgott's projection is stronger than him. If he decided to end Godrick's foolish ambitions, it would just be a small trip for him to fuck him up and noone would know it was Morgott since they don't know their king is an omen.
                But none did do anything, part if the reason the worlds so shit atm
                    Tearing down someone's evil regime's nice and all but who's going to build things back up again, and will the power vacuum create worse strife?
Luckily for us Nepheli Loux steps in although it'll probably be Gostoc and The Great Kenneth Haight running the show.
                But obviously none of them wanted to. Morgott was protecting him, even.
        Killing Dung Eater is 100% a Good Thing. Ideally turning him into a puppet so he won’t reincarnate is more appropriate but also more ambiguously evil.
    Sometimes you just gotta scrap it and start over
    You know what? Thinking of my character as an unstoppable, immortal doom-bringer makes the game much less stressful. Think you’re gonna kill me off? I’ll re-spawn and come right back at you until you’re dead.
    I remember that fallout reference lol
Wait is that the translation of the song they sing?
This land is peaceful, its inhabitants kind...
Ranni’s ending is still the worst
    It's like the best, just because the Greater Will is definitely separated from the Lands Between.
        It’s only better then the flame of frenzy ending since all the Elden lord endings have a better outcome, the greater will isn’t the villain, Ranni is for causing the shattering
            There are actually some good videos that go deeper into Ranni's ending. There's this idea that she is actually evil but this stems from some mistakes made in the localization. In her Japanese dialogs she says that she hates the fact that the life on earth is determined by the order established by the great will. She wants to set the world free from such dependence by moving the order into the starts so that no man can fight again to put his hands on such power.
                Yeah I know about the translation but still the golden order is something that is beneficial for everyone especially with fia’s or Gold mask’s endings, if the world is already great for everyone why change it?
    Elaborate
        Well it is better then the frenzy ending but I think that every Elden lord ending is better cause o think the greater will was already a great order destroyed by Ranni
yea all i see out of that horse is pure misery
    That's made me chuckle a bit because now all I can imagine when I'm running at him with the npc characters is that we are all animal activists XD
Gravity or no, the poor animal if forced against it's will to carry a rot-carrying monster that devours the flesh of 'friend and foe alike'. I would like to believe Leonard is wishing for death at this point.
Miquella’s ability of “allure” is very vague and could range from charisma to straight up magical manipulation. When you also consider the lore we have of St Trina, it’s not a good outlook. One of the items mentioning St Trina essentially calls her (Trina is supposed to be a woman) as pure terror or the incarnate of evil. I forgot which item it was. But that’s not a good outlook for a saint lol.

I am just convinced that we are going to fight Miquella in one of the DLC’s and possibly in one of the final phases (if not the final) will be St Trina; maybe Miquella and Malenia will become one. When you beat Malenia we are not explicitly shown a “Legend Felled” or equivalent as we do with other major bosses, so I do not believe we’ve seen the last of her. I don’t think that was accidental, and upon beating her there’s a giant Scarlet Aeonia flower.
    >When you beat Malenia we are not explicitly shown a “Legend Felled” or equivalent as we do with other major bosses

That's a crazy detail and definitely intentionally done. Even if they left it open-ended she's coming back for sure!

My bet is on Miquella as well, if they do a Twin Princes-esque fight that'd be insane but he seems set up to be a Griffith/Femto kinda arc and I imagine he'd be the ultimate boss fight (like how Gael was in DS3's Ringed City), something they've perhaps always wanted to give proper justice to. They've always had Guts stand-in characters like Artorias and Gael, Blaidd in Elden Ring, I've heard people make claims for Ludwig and Orphan of Kos as well but they seem their own thing to me.

Ludwig has a Sif connection in his OST so he seems more an homage to Artorias/Sif specifically as well as the Moonlight Greatsword/Holy Moonlight Sword being an homage to their Kings Field games, really that fight is a celebration of their history and success and one of the greatest boss fights ever created, truly a work of art.

And Orphan is a great example of the Other we fear, tragic while being a huge pain in the ass to fight.
    If the Lore I read is correct malenia after she turn in a flower after we beat her she need to reborn another time for completing her role as a spawn of the scarlet rot god, next big dlc gonna be a whole new region full of scarlet rot enemys and a malenia in its her real final form... At least I hope so....

BTW I noticed that radahn don't have feet, he just have some magic who keep him "flying"

P.s. Sorry for bad English
    You dont get any message for killing demi-gods its not special for Malenia.
The connection is there, but I think since there were tons of demigods and offspring in general before the Shattering, St. Trina might not be Miquella, but a sibling that either left (we know one demigod fled the lands between) or died when they were killing each other over the Great Runes.
Plus if you actually look at his horse, that poor thing is suffering. Just let it die in peace
There had to be an Elden Lord, pretty much everyone acknowledges this, and there was no way forward but war.
    Ok? But aside from the way he treats Leonard, and the fact that he held back the stars (something that was in his best interests for him to do) there is very little evidence towards him being a good person
        >something that was in his best interests for him to do

Technically it was still to save Sellia which was said to be doomed.
        All his men respect him even after his death, fighting the rot and holding the festival to give him a proper celebration. It’s clear that he definitely had an impressive reputation and was honorable or charismatic enough that people pledged their loyalty to him. As long as you weren’t on the other end of his sword, he probably was a pretty swell guy to be around, even if he was a power-hungry warlord demigod.
            That's really not unusual for a warlord and both Malenias and Miquellas troops are also extremely loyal.

They only one who doesn't appear to have any loyal followers is Godrick.
                Very true! Miquella would also be a super good candidate for a “Good” demigod if he hadn’t been kidnapped by Mohg; he was incredibly beloved by everyone, created unalloyed gold specifically to help his sister manage her scarlet rot, and left to painstakingly grow his own special healing tree when it was clear the Erdtree wasn’t going to do shit about his and Malenia’s curses. 

Also it’s implied the reason Godrick doesn’t have any loyal followers is because they all died or deserted after his disastrous attack on the capital. All he has left are sellswords, mercenaries, and exiles.
                    I think there was also some stuff about Godrick himself rejecting his few remaining troops because he blamed them for his losses rather than himself. That is how the bandits working with Patches became bandits.
                    Miquella is basically maxed out charisma

he could have been manipulating his followers for sure
                        Miquella’s on the edge between charisma and manipulation. There’s definitely a magical aspect to it, but it’s certainly not mind-control. Miquella certainly doesn’t seem malicious or evil, he just wants to cure his and his sister’s curses. I’ve even wondered if part of Mohg’s “attraction” to Miquella is an unintended side-effect of Miquella’s charisma aura; Mohg may have initially just wanted to kidnap and Moghwyn-ify him but his ambition combined with Miquella’s magic presence led to the twisted situation
                    One of the powers of miquella is being loved by everyone, and the unalloyed gold in the head of the soldiers(everything that haves it) amplify the power and let miquella absolute manipulation
                        Is that evidence for you that he is bad person or someone tjat is hated by all of his people.
                        Is there a source for that? I know that unalloyed gold is used to ward off scarlet rot and the outer gods, but I don't remember them also amplifying miquellas power
                Some say Godrick's followers are still giving him a hand to this day!
to be fair the malformed stars are probably arriving in the lands between on said stars, and they seem pretty fucked up evil.

fuck auto correct.
    If this had been a recurrent problem before Radahn froze the stars, surely there would be more lore and signs of it. Everything suggests the star creatures were a very rare and fairly harmless occurence all along, and Radahn conquered the stars out of ambition or vainglory, not altruism.
        they aren't very harmless, Astel is one of them and destroyed an entire city and stole they're sky. More importantly as well the malformed stars aren't the only invaders, the Fallingstar beasts also seem to enjoy crashing and killing like a bad party guest.
            The point isn't that they're not individually dangerous, it's that they were never a frequent, regular threat such that Radahn would have taken measures against them.

Additionally, they show up regardless of Radahn's alleged protection, and there aren't more of them after he dies. So clearly that's not what his conquest of the stars was about.
                well the ones that are around could predate his conquest of the heavens, but I think that the idea that they aren't a major threat is incorrect.

Think about it you only need one malformed star to level a city, similar to a nuke you only need one.
        >Radahn alone holds Sellia secure, and stands tall to shatter the stars

The Starscourge Conflict is basically Radahn protecting the town of Sellia, who where essentially descendants of Nokstella that was previously destroyed by an Astel. Based on the Collapsing Stars description, this conflict occurred during his studies making it highly unlikely he planned this for vainlgory or ambition because we know he learned gravity magic for his horse.
He is a good guy, and one of the most moral demigods.

"The starscourge conflict

Radahn alone holds Sellia secure

And stands tall, to shatter the stars." -Caelid sword memorial.

People like to ignore this piece of lore because apparently Radahn is too overrated. He fought the stars themselves because Sellia was in danger (presumably from a creature like Astel, to add to this, Radahn's mentor was an alabaster lord- who are related to the creatures of the stars).

Radahn isn't just a selfish warmonger. And he didn't just halt the stars on his mommy's orders.
    Sellia is the only major town in his region of Caelid, I don’t think him defending it has anything to do with his other job of holding the stars in place. It was also a town full of assassins, based on the descriptions of the spells associated with it.
        Sellia in the end was still a town of sorcery, and the town Radahn learned gravity magic in (via the alabaster lord that trained him btw). Plus, Sellia as a town of sorcery is inherently connected to things like the primeval current and the stars, it also has a connection to the eternal cities like Nokron and Nokstella. Radahn holding the stars in place had definitely a lot more to do with Sellia's security than people might admit. Unless of course, I'm missing something.
"BUT HIS HORSE–!"

"BUT TSUNDERE!"

People simp for Radahn, Ranni etc for the most shallow reasons.
I wouldn't really take being a traitor to morgott as a bad thing considering what morgott wants.
    What does he want?
        IIRC he wants the greater will to continue exerting power over the lands between
            There’s nothing really implying that Radahn wants anything but that either. Holding the stars in place is only ever shown to be a nuisance to Ranni, who is actively plotting and acting against the Greater Will.
His intentions were admirable, too bad it involved keeping up the status quo, the continued  slaughtering/subjugating his own kind, and not even trying to find out what's wrong with the Erdtree.
This is not true. Morgott is most selfish guy in Landsbetween. He dont wants to give his crown to anyone and he keep Landsbetween in status quo. He have Cavalry Knights in everywhere for spying demigods and tarnished. Not the mention he tried to kill us 3 times.
There's nothin selfless about being a mass murderer tbh
[removed]
    It’s not really clear, but I think it was implied he was waiting for the proper time. For whatever reason, Ranni couldn’t enact her plan immediately, and had to wait for the right moment. That’s why the Radahn festival only happens when the stars are aligned, you can see a big astrolabe in Redmane Castle as well. Maybe Radahn also wanted to ensure no space monsters fell down and interfered while the plan took place.
        Depending on the setting's cosmology, there may actually be something to that. For one thing, if the stars were indeed frozen in place, how could they align? From that, we could assume they were either simply slowed considerably *or* that they were frozen relative to something other than the Lands Between, and that the alignment set up the impact that breached Nokron once they were released.

Of course, "when the stars align" could also have just been a poetic way of saying "when the catering gets here" and Radahn may well have been, when he still had his wits about him, simply acting in opposition to his sister's goals for whatever reason.
    The family was moving away from the accepted sorceries of the time to moon sorceries. The holding of the stars also halted Sellen's plans. The swords at Caelid also say the starscourge conflict was a conflict to save the town of sorcery. You can find Lusat kept prisoner near a cave and the spell he gives you is the primeval sorcery that call down star pieces. Ranalla's plan was implied to be to take over the college with moon sorcery and to do this she had to decrease the influence of the primeval school of sorceries.  

Iji who is a part of the carian royal council is close friends with Jerren the witch hunter who was inducted into Radahn's army as a guest commander. Jerren was introduced to Radahn through the carian royal courts. We know Radahn halted the stars when he was young so this implies he was still welcomed by the carian royal courts. In game jerren sends you to Iji to tell him to let you fight Radahn on behalf of Ranni so her fate is resumed. When we talk to Iji he has like a face palm moment and goes of course how could we forget that the stars control fate for the royals, the path to nokron might reveal itself if the stars resume movement. This implies they were not aware that anything nefarious was taking place by holding the stars, remember that the family wanted to move away from star stuff and move towards moon stuff, by halting the fate dictated by the stars this might be possible.

There is also evidence they support each other as they share faction troops among each others.

The capitol was most likely attacked by Radahn( as per the picture with morgot fighting Radahn ). If you look at the map the capitol was attacked from the left and not from the right. The fighting takes place only on the left. The path leading to the left comes from the volcano manor, this implies that they were working together to attack the capitol.

There is evidence that suggest it was a war between the house of the moon (The Carian Royals) and the golden order.
    This is a big misunderstanding of Ranni's questline. Ranni only needed a way in to Nokstella, it just so happens to do so you need to blast apart the landscape and only a star could do that. Important to note that the one who gave us the solution was Sellen, a sorcerer expert in glinstone magic. Of course her solution would be the stars, Ranni herself didn't say or know his brother was the reason her plans were not pushing through.

Her Age of Stars ending has nothing to do with her and the stars either, as she wants to be free from the influence of all Outer Gods.
There's one *glaring* flaw in this head canon of yours; Marika is *explicitly* the one that broke the Elden Ring in the first place.

I find it far more plausible that Ranni's goals are roughly the same as Marika's: telling the outer gods to fuck off.
    I think both of them had their own goals, and both of them do want the outer gods to fuck off. In Ranni’s case, that involves overthrowing the golden order and Greater Will, and in Marika’s case it’s shattering the Elden Ring and calling back the tarnished to defeat the Elden Beast. The entire goal of the night of the black knives (which happened pre-shattering) was so Ranni could shed her body and free herself from the Two Fingers’ influence.
        The lore can be a little unclear since "the Shattering" is also the name of the resulting war. My understanding of the order of events was:

• Marika shatters the Elden Ring.

• Night of Black Knives

• "The Shattering" war

Not entirely sure how much of that is headcanon at the moment.
            The story trailer clarifies it a bit, the stealing of the rune of death, Night of the Black Knives, and murder of Godwyn the Golden was the inciting incident that drove Marika to shatter the Elden Ring, which then led to her disappearance, distribution of the great runes, and the Shattering wars.
Jerren doesn't say that. He says he knew Iji once, which tracks with his item descriptions saying he used to serve the Carian royal family before leaving with Radahn, and that the Radahn festival would set Ranni's fate into motion, which is because it involves killing Radahn. If Radahn stopping the stars was part of Ranni's plan to begin with, then we wouldn't need Selen to tell us to kill him, Ranni would know already.
    Hmm, that does makes sense, I might have been misremembering his lines. I think Ranni is asleep by that point though, so she can’t tell us.
        Surely she would have left instructions.
We also survive the fall from the Chapel of Anticipation
    I'm still not sure as to if we actually survive that area and end up getting washed up into the cavern or if we die and end up by some Erdtree roots.

It's certainly possible that we survived, as Fromsoft has used the "You Died" screen for times when our character is canonically just KO'd in previous games (Dark Souls 1 and Bloodborne), and our character can survive injuries like impalement in gameplay, but it's debatable.
        Nah we survived it. If you pay attention in the beginning when the scion beats you the screen turns black for a bit and you hear dragging and an eventual splash. There is beach you go to from the south agheel lake grace, there is a spirit spring by some tiny octopuses, where you can jump down and reach the beach. The beach has a rear entrance to the tutorial dungeon where its all damp and wet. So you get chucked off the chapel of anticipation and wash up in the tutorial cave where melinia and torrent first find you
            If you leave your status screen open, the Grafted Scion only drops you to 1 hp so the PC definitely survives the encounter
                Wonder if that functions like that if you beat the grafted scion.

For anyone unaware, if you beat the scion it'll drop some weapons and the fog gate to leave will fade. You'll step forward and see some butterflies at the edge of the cliff. You walk out to touch the butterflies and the cliff falls apart underfoot and you fall to "YOU DIED". Cause FromSoft. Ends up in exactly the same tutorial location.
                    oh, thats why the cliff is there. thats the spot you get teleported to from the belfrie tower. i turned around and just died
                    I think it was on either one of Zullie's videos or a tweet, that the game keeps a death counter for how many times your character has died. They found that losing to the grafted scion does not increment the counter, but beating it and falling off the cliff does
                        I died 2,147,483,647 times. My game doesn't work anymore.
            Thanks for the info. That's always been something I wasn't sure about.
        [removed]
            Did you seriously steal someone else's comment from this post? What are you? A karma farming bot?
        You get the 'you died' text from the Iron maiden that transports you to the area under volcano manir. 

So pc probably survived other instances.
    Leonard is Best boy.
        I agree, he assisted the Gaffer very well.
    That’s the same kind of “surviving” you do every time you die though, except because you haven’t rested at any grace the world just sucks you underground. I’m pretty sure it even says you died when you fall
>and we also no-sell an enormous fall in the Divine Tower of Caelid.

First time I hit that drop, I damn near shit myself on the way down. Then I land, take zero fall damage, and find a message on the ground that just says "Legs?"

I love this stupid community so much.
    One of the last places in the game I found and still hadn't been spoiled on that fall. 'Visions of death' indeed my good message leaving chum.
    Wait which fall? Is it after the godskin apostle? Because I haven’t gotten that far…
        No, just before the apostle.
            You mean the platforming section? Because I died every time I fell…
    My first playthrough was offline and I missed the part quite a while. I was trained to save and quit when falling, and after seeing the death trap in the chapel of anticipation I didn't even think about not quitting out on that fall.
tbh I disagree, in fromsoftware games there's virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay. Pretty much everything but the UI has a canon explanation, including multiplayer, multiple playthroughs, and leveling up. There is no ludonarrative dissonance like in uncharted, everything you do is what is actually happening. Id consider it an outlier tbh, like in sekiro being unable to damage this one armored dude yet you can parry giant monsters.
    This idea that fromsoft games have absolutely zero discrepancy between gameplay and lore is consistently contradicted. Not to mention that I literally *just* gave direct examples of the PC easily surviving falls that would kill you in normal gameplay. 

1. You're still able to respawn in gameplay when you're canonically unable to. This happened against the Moon Presence in Bloodborne, Genichiro/Isshin in Sekiro, and after you release Destined Death in Elden Ring.

2. The way that immortality works in Elden Ring is completely different from the respawning mechanic. Immortality in Elden Ring isn't instantaneous—it's a very long process of reincarnation that sees your soul being absorbed into the roots of the Erdtree (which is said by one spirit to require patience). 
Despite possessing grace, the Demigods haven't returned to life even after you die and respawn in gameplay. If respawning worked like the actual canonical immortality, they would have come back to life by the time we do.
All of the other characters suggest that dying is a significant deal and not something that you or they can quickly respawn from, despite the fact that they're all just as immortal as you, and they never respawn when killed.

3. There's no such thing as "other worlds" in Elden Ring's lore. Item descriptions are even meta and explicitly use terms like "multiplayer" and "coop".

4. You're able to damage gods in Elden Ring with weapons that aren't upgraded, despite it being specifically stated by the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone that it requires weapons powerful enough to bend time in order to harm them. Also, RL1 runs are not canon.

5. I-frames don't exist in lore.

6. In the Radahn fight, Alexander says that he was busted open with a single hit from Radahn and hid for the rest of the fight, yet in gameplay, he's a tank. Blaidd also specifically states that the glory of the clash is shared between the Tarnished and Radahn, meaning that the PC was the one who actually did all of the work and defeated him, regardless of whether you just let the summons do everything in gameplay.

7. Characters powerful enough to slay gods in lore can die from small falls and weak enemies in gameplay.

8. In Dark Souls, it says "You Died" despite the fact that you were only KOd and imprisoned by Seath. The same thing happened in Bloodborne with those bag-carrying dudes in the Cathedral Ward that bring you to that gaol. They simply have "You Died" screen because that's how the gameplay works.

And much more, but that's more than enough to convey the point.
        This was cool to read
        I agree with everything you said~ *except*~ for the “gods have grace” statement.  So far as I understand ~ the demigods/gods all lost their grace when the tarnished were brought back into grace.  The Greater Will (and grace, by proxy) turned its back on the demigods, as a result of the shattering and the war.

Unless I’m missing something… which is VERY likely.

But all in all~ ER/souls games definitely has dissonance between canon and gameplay~ even if those disconnects are smaller than maybe other games.
            There's no mention of them losing their grace, and from what we know, the Greater Will isn't the one who controls who has grace and who doesn't. Marika is said to have granted the early grace-given their grace and is the one who took away grace from The Tarnished and was planning on giving it back to them iirc.

It's also implied that the Greater Will just straight-up abandoned The Lands Between. It's mostly just been the Two-Fingers trying to salvage everything. Given that most beings still possess grace, it's clear that grace doesn't stem from the Greater Will.

There's also the fact that the Two-Fingers stated that Marika could continue to rule as a god, despite the fact that she had acted against the goals of the Greater Will before and even broke the Elden Ring, which caused the entire mess. I find it hard to believe that they'd completely reject the Demigods for committing relatively minor sins while they're willing to forgive Marika for a cardinal sin, even when they already have potential replacements for her.
                This is where I’m confused, because I’m almost certain an NPC (cannot remember whom) explicitly tells you that your mission as tarnished is to kill the demigods, as they have betrayed the golden order and lost their grace.  It is why we are literally guided by grace to kill them and rebuild the Elden Ring.

Now we betray Grace/Two Fingers/Greater Will/whatever~ once we defeat Morgott and aspire to ascend to the mountaintops.  I have a personal theory that it’s partly why Godfrey was drawn back to the Tree to retake his place as Elden Lord, because Grace abandoned us.  Again I could be wrong but I feel like this was explicitly said in game…
                    I've looked around, and I couldn't find anything about them losing grace. The closest thing to that comes from dialogue with Enia and the Two-Fingers, who essentially say that they Greater Will had given up on the Demogods, as none of them were able to become Elden Lord. They don't say anything about having taken away their grace, just that they'll have their great runes taken away by force.

They're implying that it's because of the Demigods' inability to become lord that they've called upon the Tarnished to take them out and take the throne instead, not because of the Demigods committing sin by taking part in the Shattering.
                        Oh interesting.  I might have extrapolated.  I definitely conflate the GW and Grace, which you say above they are very different with different goals.

Why would grace guide us to kill the Demigods, then… is there a story-based reason for it, or is it just “game-feel” related?
        1-7 are correct. 8 is not correct in relation to Dark Souls. Undead characters in Dark Souls actually die. They just don't stay dead, and then they either regain (potentially diminished) sanity at a bonfire or remain insane and hollow. Seath exploits the connection between bonfires and undeath to trap the player-character. You do actually drop your bloodstain in the room where Seath kills you---just as with any other death in the game.

In general, FromSoft didn't start to worsen at that kind of consistency between world and gameplay until Dark Souls II and Bloodborne. After that, though, it has been a relatively steady slide, and Elden Ring may be the worst in that regard so far.
            How would Seath do that? Are there any item descriptions or dialogue for this? Because we've never seen such a thing anywhere else.

Also, I'm pretty sure you drop bloodstains when similar things happen in Bloodborne and Elden Ring as well.
                While it's unclear *exactly* how he does it, it's no great stretch whatsoever. Seath is canonically one of the most knowledgeable beings about the nature of life and death in the Souls universe. He lives in a vast library of archives where he has done nothing but research immortality for thousands of years. He has successfully grown the crystals which contributed to the longevity of the ancient dragons, has successfully abducted many people in the past in a variety of ways, has been a close confidante and advisor of Gwyn (who originally placed the undead curse on humanity), and his own attacks inflict the curse status effect.

Moreover, there is a very conspicuous bonfire in the cage where you go after he kills you, and it is clearly manipulated as it is cut off from the others for the purpose of warping, and is not the one at which you last rested. The mechanics are frequently part of the storytelling in Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, and I believe that occasion is no exception. You have to lose all of your HP for the Seath encounter to advance you to the cage; when that happens, you die.

I can't speak to the similar occasions in the later games. I'm not as acquainted with their lore, and, again, I think FromSoft was more careless about this kind of stuff in their more recent releases---especially when it comes to simply copying things over from earlier titles.
                    Is there a connection between the undead curse and sorcery? I always thought those were completely separate areas of magic, and Seath was entirely focused on sorcery iirc. 

Also, if Seath is able to manipulate where our soul ends up, why doesn't he just toss us into an abyss if he kills us in the rematch? Or into a different prison cell. And why haven't we seen anything like that in DS2 or DS3 (unless I'm forgetting something from those).

If that's what he canonically did, then I feel like it has a lot of plot holes.
                        It's not our soul. It's our body. You may be confusing the lore of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls there.

He's obviously waiting for us when we arrive at the archives, and he is obviously not waiting for us when we escape the cell and infiltrate the crystal caves. I'm not sure what you mean by your question about a different cell; we're trapped in that one *because* that's the one with the manipulated bonfire in it. And curse is *not* a form of sorcery as far as we know, which is why it is significant that Seath also personally wields curse as an attack.

But again, the particular details of the functioning of his trap are not explicitly explained to us in the game. Few things in Dark Souls are given the level of specificity that you seem to be requesting. To access the story and world details, players are expected to be able to connect the dots with the partial information they are given, and other things are just left open to interpretation. We simply don't know why Seath is able to do it when he is ready for us in the archives, and not when we surprise him in the caves. Perhaps it requires some preparation, or some proximity to the manipulated bonfire.

Your list of questions about other things he might have done or other points in other games where it might've happened doesn't contain any plot holes, so your mention of plot holes is somewhat odd. The player-character loses all their hit points; the game says 'You Died'; they drop a bloodstain; they respawn at a bonfire. That is what happens when the player-character dies in Dark Souls. It's obviously Seath's fault when the bonfire they respawn at this time is in a cage in Seath's personal prison ward. These are not difficult dots to connect.
        This is a great list!
        [deleted]
            Yes, necessarily. That's how *all* living beings come back to life. From the lowest insect to the highest lord.  They don't even necessarily return to life in their own body, as all of those jellyfish-looking things are formerly children who've been reincarnated.

None of what you're saying is present in the lore.

The only difference is where they're buried, as those with higher honors get buried closer to the base of the Erdtree right at the roots. Others just get buried in catacombs.

No, he doesn't send us anywhere; he's not able to do anything like that. It's simply the roundtable hold. The reason why NPCs aren't there is to prevent the player from accidentally killing them. 
There's nothing in-lore physically preventing us from attacking others in the roundtable. It's just the player character choosing not to attack anything, just like in the Grand Library, the Radahn Festival gathering, Volcano Manor, etc.

Unlike in Dark Souls, which has a convoluted flow of reality that allows for parallel timelines to cross into each other, there is no such thing in Elden Ring. 

Other universes would be a *significant* change to the cosmology as we know it, but there isn't a single bit of dialogue or item description that actually supports it.

Releasing Destined Death is exactly what it's said to be—it releases the concept of Death into the world to allow for a true death. Releasing it allows for "death, indiscriminate" as opposed to only the body dying, and those given grace being allowed to live once again.
                [deleted]
                    I just looked up all of Gideon's dialogue, and I couldn't find any such statement. No, he absolutely does not control the roundtable. If anyone at all does, it would be the two-fingers, but even that doesn't have any evidence supporting it.

The exact same thing happens in plenty of different areas in the game without any explanation whatsoever. You're just coming up with headcanon.
        I didnt mean to imply there absolutely no disrepency, there has to be some, but there is also a consistent thread with a bunch of outliers. "Lore" versions of game characters are in general just unbrindled wank of every single hyperbole fandom can find as well as cancerous powerscalling that usually doesn't even make sense. It's the same for Dark Souls, Bloodborne, TES, Destiny or Undertale. Like, to say that the tarnished is impervious to any and all falls is just a similar level of wank IMO. it was bad enough that people claimed solar system level Dark Souls bosses. Elden Ring is going to be even worse. For this reason, gameplay feats are the best measure of a characters power and competence.

-Ofc youre still able to respawn, the game would end right there otherwise

-I don’t know if it’s explained in ER but in dark souls, everyone’s world is linked and can phase in and out, and with the stones you can phase into someone else’s world. Pretty much just have Knight Solaire’s dialogue to go off of and idk if that’s much of a lore implication.
In ER, I haven’t found an NPCs that have explained it but the Lands Between are probably linked like Souls games.

I frames dont exist, but it enables a certain ludonarrative thread. Even at RL1/SL1, anyone who is alive can be killed,  both the player and the enemies working on the same set of rules. Even while crazy bosses seem to be overpowered, often their movesets are limited by set potentials for their patterns, stamina, and stagger-potential; and all this combined to make gameplay experience where skill, strategy, and perseverance resulted in consistent and predictable accomplishments. Its fuckin great
            Sounds like you just don't understand how games and power-scaling work. You have to go off of author-intent, which is told in the lore, not the gameplay. Otherwise, you end up with street-level Kratos and Dante who can't even bust walls despite the fact that they've killed cosmic beings explicitly stated to be far above that.

The fact that you think the Tarnished being able to survive any fall is "wank" when they can kill gods which explicitly require literal time-bending levels of power to be harmed is utterly absurd and only makes you seem incredibly biased.
                Haven't played dmc but kratos has gameplay  feats that qualify his godhood. 

I do agree with taking author intent into consideration! I just don't think we should cherrypick which gameplay elements to ignore when judging a character, especially in fromsoftware games that tries to unify the gameplay and lore as as well as it does. Otherwise they just get wanked higher than most people's interpretation of the character when playing the game. Like, what does time-bending levels of power even mean, and does that really say anything about the characters durability? Not that it matters, but it's fun to talk abt

I appreciate the reply lol
                    Kratos and Dante in gameplay can't even bust walls. They can shatter small amounts of stone/concrete at most with their more powerful moves, whereas in the lore, they're capable of defeating cosmic beings that damage the fabric of reality. 
Kratos scales to Ouranus, who created the universe with his birth, as well as to Thor and Jormungandr who broke apart time and destroyed the Yggdrasil with their fight, yet he can get get easily killed by Draugr in gameplay. He's explicitly stated to be able to carry the world with Atlas, but he struggles with chests, and Cory Barlog directly explained that he struggles with chests for the sake of gameplay—to give the player a bit more interaction.

Considering that the lore is essentially the story, and that author intent is told through the story, then lore is prioritized over gameplay. Gameplay should only be used when they're consistent with lore. That's why regular shooter game characters shouldn't be considered bulletproof or immortal even though they can rank bullets and respawn in gameplay, as that's generally not consistent with the story.

Likewise, if the lore states that a character has cosmic levels of power, but they can't even break a bit of stone due to gameplay limitations, then the lore should be prioritized, as *that* is the story.

Fromsoft tries to tie lore to gameplay more than the average games do, but even back in Demon's Souls, there were discrepancies, as the Slayer of Demon's could kill a demon that was capable of killing dragons with his bare hands as a human, but that same Slayer of Demon's would struggle immensely with killing Dragons even with weapons.

The Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone item description states that it's from a realm outside of time, and bends time to allow the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god. Meaning that any sort of weapon not capable of that would be unable to harm a god according to the lore.

There's also other examples like Meteorite of Astel, which is stated to have leveled a city, but in gameplay, it doesn't even cause any sort of environmental damage.
    >  in fromsoftware games there's virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay

that is absolutely absurd and literally any surface level examination disproves that. you've been smoking too much ludonarrative crack  rock.
        It isn't absurd. Like bioshock, fromsoftware games have gameplay elements that harmonizes with the story. I'm just having a simple disagreement on a character lol, chill
            'gameplay elements that harmonize with the story' isn't the same thing as 'virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay'

just take the L bro
                > 'virtually

look up what this means, bro
Wait, when did we fall from the tower?

Also, patches never existed on my game. I found his bell there in the cave, early game. Feel like I missed out.

Overall, I had 3 quest lines I couldn’t finish due to glitches.
    In the Divine Tower of Caelid, when you're going down to the Godskin Apostle, right before the final elevator, you fall from a height that would 100% kill you in normal gameplay.
Dude fuck patches. Lost 30k runes after being thrown off that cliff, which is still a lot to me. I went back and killed that dumbass, I’m so sick of his shit.
If you have enough points in INT yea
    hot dog
Not from the two fingers...
Why everyone hate them so much? I thought they were pretty easy tbh
    Well, they are unbelievably horrifying.
        Fair point
Looking at some of the early lore items, they seem to be the custodians of death from before the Erdtree who cremated the dead in their fires. But the Twinbird Kite Shield reveals that they are in fact scions of another Outer God that sent their mother to the Lands Between just like how the Greater Will sent the Elden Beast.
    Hm, wonder if the crucible is in fact another outer God’s will then…
        Considering all the machinations we know of, I do get the distinct feeling that there is very little that does not stem from one outer god or another.
They seem to be the old worship of natural death that precede the Erdtree. Of course, they eventually got rolled into the whole thing with the Mausoleum Knights in tow. The actual birds themselves don't seem to be too pleased about it as they're not part of Erdtree worship and take massive, massive holy damage.

They're also on every above ground land mass apart from upper Limgrave.
    Wait what, meaning there’s one in the peninsula, caelid, liurnia, altus, the mountaintop, snowfield, and farum azula? >.> HOW DID I MISS ALL THESE?!?!?
        Well, not FA...
            Oh, well that’s still 4-5 birds I’ve missed since I only remember seeing one or two.
It is said that Ludwig "rode out" from the Great Bridge during the hunts. He was a mounted hunter and it could either have been a sick inspiration for what he became or the horse actually fused with him
    Plus there's the fact that he has far more limbs than most beasts, who only have four. Ludwig is the only exception iirc
        I want to add that there's some item description or dialog (its been far too long) that describes that basically, the more devoted you are to the faith/the more priestly you are, the more vicious and crazy of a beast you can become. I always assumed that Ludwig with just super super into the whole church thing, and with that magic sword boosting his faith even further, he lost himself way more than really anyone else.
            It's less of a faith thing and more the amount of blood consumed. The item you're talking about is likely the sword hunter badge. Still, my favourite thing about these games is that the lore can spark this kind of discussion. Very fun
                If it is [amount of blood consumed] then it would still make sense. He was THE hunter for quite a while, and probably got hurt and needed way more healing than the average joe.
                Sword Hunter Badge: “Ludwig was the first of many Healing Church hunters to come, many of whom were clerics. As it was, clerics transformed into the most hideous beasts."
You couldnt even thaw them out? tsk tsk
"Damnit, Liara, you're gonna crash my game!"

"Haha, singularity go brrrrrrttt!"
Could just also be like Astel's gravity attack where even if it doesn't lift you up, if you're in the radius, the slam down will still deal damage. So even without the utility of keeping an enemy suspended in air, it's still lethal.
    To be fair astel's pretty bullshit to mele range users though.  Between the god-awful camera angles and the range on it, oooof.
Edgar Alan POEtry





I'm leaving. You can't catch me.
Since you mentioned it, this also probably prevents our runes from floating in mid air halfway down a cliff.
    That would be a fun one try minigame. Also really easy to bypass this.
What about spirit springs? as long as you jump from one you wont die from falls unless it ends up in the ocean
    It's actually a kind of buff, when you go into it you get a little gust affect around you and it negates fall damage, you can jump down into the springs, as long as you come somewhat close to it before impact it does the little wind buff thing and negates the fall damage.
    That's different; with the spirit springs it just turns off fall damage for the jump, or if you're within the safe landing area. It doesn't have to check where you are compared to where you last jumped to determine if you can survive it because it doesn't even run that check.
There's clearly areas in the overworld purposely designed so that you can't just drop down to it with Torrent.
    There's like one in caelid leading to the great jar. Can't think of any others off the top of my head that require you to get there from somewhere else
Unless their codebase is insanely fucked, removing fall damage from a double jump may be as simple as resetting distance fallen when the user presses the double jump button. The game also already tracks distance fallen at a moment's notice anyway, whenever the player walks off the cliff. 

I find it hard to believe that FromSoft can have issues with something this simple unless of course, their implementation of the mechanic is insanely convoluted and unmaintainable.
    Yep. It's not an implementation problem. I don't know what people are on saying that it is. They just didn't want to allow the player to scale downwards infinitely with a double jump as it would significantly alter how the world could be traversed; you could fall just about any distance on horseback trivially but getting back up would be a much bigger issue. No place in the overworld could present the challenge of descending safely. The world would either need to be made mostly an uphill terrain with less flat land or feel much more flat as a result.

Limiting the maximum downwards distance one can fall on horseback essentially places a hard cap on how far you can move downwards, in any context, with specific exceptions to make exploration more interesting and rewarding. You have to look down if going downwards can kill you. If it can't, all you have to look out for is bottomless cliffs.
[deleted]
    They'd have to treat torrents jump as solid ground, meaning your runes could get stuck midair and I'm sure lots of other unintended bugs.
        No... just when he jumps, set a new height to calc the fall from. Making a torrent jump the same as solid ground would be very sloppy coding.
        [deleted]
            Him taking fall damage? Intended 

Him dying past 20m? Not intended but they didn't care

If it isn't a limitation then why do bosses still die from 20m falls? Seems like they'd program them to not die that easily

I'm sure there is a way around it (they patched the fire giant cheese somehow) but I'm guessing it's not an easy fix as its not implemented often  (if at all, I'm pretty sure fire giant is the only exception to fall damage)

Edit: auto correct
                [deleted]
                    You're talking to a bag of rocks with fingers. Im sorry.

Torrent's jumps are already tracked so that the second input makes him jump. Duh. You just add an extra not even a line of code that resets the height fallen variablr. If Torrent generates a ground surface when he doublejumps, just ignore the first height difference (off the cliff to double jump location) and account for height fallen after the second input.

Its not rocket science. Its basic logic. Really basic.
                        preamble: I think it was a design decision, not an implementation issue.

but, it should be said that there’s a huge gap between basic logic and simplicity in implementation.
        No? Just reset the number on a double jump. A direct change. You don't need to go in and program an environmental change to manipulate a variable you can edit directly.
[deleted]
    He’s getting downvoted because thats a very silly theory. It would be computationally negligible to reset fall damage, and its plainly obvious that fromsoft uses fall deaths to partition the map
    But it's not an engine limitation, they could easily alter fall damage calculations. No, it's a deliberate design decision by the level designers, to funnel characters down certain pathways. The ER overworld is built around corridors that interweave and overlap, with specific funnels to guide you to points of interest and frame the landscape. Being able to easily hop from one to another would break that design principle.

BOTW designers made it far too easy to bypass terrain using the glider, and that made travel a tad too generic. Even Elden Ring isn't perfect, fast travel is actually a bit too fast, but at least it only applies to your second trip through an area.
        BotW actually did every single thing better than FROM, except for combat.   
  
I don't want specific funnels.  Its an open world game.  You can guide the player without forcing them (they already implemented this with guiding grace).   In BotW you could go straight to wherever you wanted.  I didnt need to stare at a map and run around the same cliff for a fucking hour trying to get up/down.  It's a pain in the ass, and makes exploring one too.  That combined with the shit rewards (oh boy! another artorias leaf that Ill never use!) made me not even want to explore.   BotW mayve also had some lackluster gifts, but the world was a treat to explore.  You got to do interesting puzzles, and use interesting game mechanics, not just fight through annoying imp spam every dungeon.  Dont even get me started on the music.
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
                It's because of landscape design and funneling the player down certain paths at certain times towards certain points of interest. It's a level-design necessity.
    It's obvious that the OP doesn't know anything about programming is why
Is it from the starting point of the jump, or the last instance of stable ground? Because the whole stable ground mechanic in FS games might account for why Torrent's double jump doesn't count.
This is most likely not the case, unless their code is complete garbage.
Most ledges you shouldn't be able to get down to in the overworld usually have a hidden grave stair or roots that you can parkour down to, only exception being Radahn's arena. So Torrent double jump not negating fall damage shouldn't be a world design problem.
Actually, a double jump at terminal velocity should be *more* lethal than hitting the ground, because you accelerate more to change direction than to stop
"Science dictates" that double jumps are impossible. Any point that presupposes the existence of a double jump can't then point to science.
It isn’t the fall that kills ya, it’s the sudden stop at the end. Except if you decided to say fuckit and not only stop but go the opposite way at the end? You’re extra dead
>science dictates

it's literally a magical horse
I think you misunderstand. The game engine is coded such that 20 meters is the "you die no matter what" height when you hit the ground. Changing that would involve an entire codebase update, which would be hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours of work and QA testing.

The same thing can be said about the double jump mechanic. Calculating fall height is a "one and done" type of thing ie the game engine saves the beginning elevation of your fall/jump and then assigns damage based on the landing elevation. Having the engine do TWO fall height calculations and save TWO data sets and calculate those in tandem seems possible, but would also take many hundreds of hours of engine re-coding. And it's also possible this would cause un-do stress on older CPU/GPU in things like the PS4 or XBone.

If they wanted to change the way Torrent acted when landing on a surface after a great height, they would need to change it's entity class to a flying entity and also make it so that it never actually touches the ground (making Torrent essentially "fly"). This would be similar to how the bullshit Stormhawks work.
    So how come spiritspring jumps work?

It's literally not a coding issue. It's a deliberate level design choice. There's so many places where you can see something below you but have to find a safe route to it (the canyon in Caelid that's only accessible via Siofra for example) that they don't want to break the intended route to.
    Wow, great essay based on nothing but assumptions. How do you explain spiritsprings then?
    Its much easier to consider a "flying" entity as a grounded one, and just change the location of the hurtbox and textures. Having multiple entity types is unnecessary, the "flying" enemies just dont jump.

You dont need a check on *every* jump or *every* action. You're also way overblowing the amount of testing it would require to add a single extra check to a single entity with a long list of exceptions.

The only time any additional calculations would have to occur is if and only if a second jump input is executed. No input execution, no code execution. Yes, it will be waiting until it hits the ground with another caveat, but again, thats an extremely small and lightweight change to a heavily used component of the game. Its not gonna increase lag to add a single flag to *one npc*.
    Tell me you know nothing about programming without saying you know nothing about programming.
    With your assumptions, even if you reset fall height and recalculate the fall damage every single time Torrent double jumps it's at most a 100% load increase on the hardware with respect to Torrent jumping only. The complexity class would still be the same, and the player isn't double jumping every time.
Yeah if you’re using torrent to traverse DOWN the gravestones on a cliff face then you deserve the death lmao. Just dismount, so much easier
Nobody ever talks about Night Cavalry but they look cool as hell.
    Bro their armor and weapons are baller af
        Not to mention they’re the ones that give you the most OP ash of war in the game
    I am too busy cowering in fear of them/the night.
        Death Birds are the worst for me.  Fuck those guys.
The paired ringed knight great swords wrecked fools
    Exactly my point that thing was vicious
>not playing naked like every experienced player since DS1 to dunk on tin cans and rollmaxx

>thinking someone with a redhead fetish invented the playstyle

ngmi
I said it as "Google it to convince yourself"
    No you didn’t. You said it like an a hole.
You didn't say double jump on your previous comment hence why i said that. Nor did you mention the wind gust spring platform. Maybe you should stop being **stupid as fuck** and be more specific next time.

Also i know it's fantasy game. Doesn't mean all logic gets thrown out the window for fuck's sake.

I'm out. Kiss my ass 😒🖕
Help me, step-tarnished!
Dayum then that famous time relativity example about the twins, where one travels at a speed close to c so his time goes slower, how would that change of velocity and therefore time experimentation affect space? Does it have something to do with it at all? Is it like you would be flattening the space occupied by your mass or something? I really like this stuff but the way you explained was a bit mind-blowing for me, I need to connect your explanation to my own knowledge to process it lmao.
well shit that's it then
Thanks for the tip, I'll check that video out.
Do you just run from a main boss to the next? Or are you actually exploring and try to land on some whacky ass mini platform, because you believe there could be rare loot hidden?  
If you do the 2nd one, you gonna die a lot on Torrent.
    I don't really understand what you mean, i got every trophies on the game so yeah i explored everything and killed every boss but i didn't had trouble doing some platform with torrent.

The only thing that was annoying the first time was to get to the three fingers.
His mind is gone, to the horse.
    His soul is gone, to the horse.

All he was once was is now the horse
        Rykard wasn’t the only one consumed by a sinister creature…
            Sinister?
                Leonard’s eyes are *pretty* shifty… I think he has PLANS for The Lands Between.

Images of Ludwig….
                Eh, Radhan is a tricky bastard.
                I believe you meant stepsister, Oh no Step horse Leonard is stuck again 😂
        More horse than a man, or maybe more man than a horse.
        Guess he's just horsing around the whole fight.
    *dog
Leonard Linguini does not ride Remy like a horse while he is controller to cook. Remy more or less rides Leonard underneath his chef hat. Get your lore straight, sir.
    Leonard the horse is also pulling Radahn's hair to direct him, just like Remy. Just... different hair.
        Does the lore suggest that the carpet matches the drapes?
            No reason to believe the curse of the Fire Giants manifests only in the North.
                My God this comment thread is cursed. I love it
                This alone has turned this into the best thread I've read in a while
    B cooler if he did
Wait so is he pulling his pubes to control him
In Ratatouille the chef was puppeteered by his hair from his head. Radahn is being puppeteered from below...

Ouch.
I think some are, like the falling star beast or astel, to be fair he's called a malformed star, however we also see that the stars are clearly not actual stars or at least in our world, one collides with the lands inbetween and just makes a hole in the ground instead of completely wiping out the planet.
    It’s possible he’s holding back real stars as we know them but any meteors and Astels in the space between were also held in stasis
        Technically that could be true, but if astel is called a malformed star, like he's an actual deformed star, do stars hsve genetic code. Why the fuck is he like not that big at all. Also that means stars form differently, meaning not like our stars.

However the main reason why I don't think this is the case is it'd simply make him too powerful, I mean he'd be much stronger than markia. I mean he lost to being nuked by rot, why didnt he just crush malenia with some grav. Malenia is clearly not planet level.

Also the stars literally move so their like our world in size but they move and fall like fictual stars, meaning they clearly already broke the rules of being like real life stars.

But yeah if he could hold back stars theirs absolutely nothing stopping him from literally crushing the planet or even the erdtree, or even us, into nothingness.

Thats just my logic, and I, with absolute conviction, believe these stars arent that big, unless you say otherwise you seen smart.
    I was wondering the whole time how anyone survived that blast from that star lol. Also radahn can survive shooting himself down like a comet but dies to some sword swipes from a lowly tarnished
The star that impacts when you kill him is not a monster. He try to hold the stars to stop Ranni from archive her destiny
    That “star” is a “falling star” which is just a cute way to describe a comet 💫or meteor☄️ that has begun to break up upon entering the atmosphere. One capable of punching a hole in the ground that deep should have completely flattened limegrave (if not most of the lands between) with mistwood in it’s entirety being reduced to a red hot crater. Even if the elden ring stars are not really stars they are still massive objects. If he had left go of said stars he probably would have been able to terraform the lands between to suit his needs using only gravity magic.
        That's not necessarily true. Even if we assume that it's appropriate to calculate the forces involved in fiction like a sweaty powerscaler (which we shouldn't because that's not how it works), Limgrave is hollow. A fairly small meteor could have shattered the relatively thin layer of rock covering the Nokron-Siofra underground area, and evidently did, since Limgrave is no flattened and the Mistwood is largely intact.

It's also pure speculation how much power Radahn needed to hold back the stars, since we have no idea what exactly he did to them in the first place.
            You missed my point. Elements of realism are not present in in elden ring bc they would have implications that break the lore. A single 50m meteor can leave a [600 ft deep crater](https://meteorcrater.com) If he could hold this back he would have been stronger than the elden beast and capable of just smushing anything infront of him into the ground with ludicrous amounts of force which would make 0 sense lol. But at the same time he would need to be holding back some sizable meteors in order to leave such a massive crater too. He was clearly capable of lifting a considerable amount of mass with gravity magic as shown in the cutscene with him and malenia when he tears apart the ground lifting his swords in the flashiest way possible. Also there would be no excuse for gravity magic and gravity AoWs for being so mid if it could be used to smush things directly. So for lore and player combat a lot of things were made a bit nonsensical so ambiguity would aid it and keep people talking about it.
    It's not a star either, just a comet.
O yeah, possible more ASTELS and nighmarish  Bulls as well
    The "Wait. Are we the bad guys?" moment hits. Though I can't say that
I mean he was taught gravity magic by one of the space horrors (an onyx lord), he was holding it in place to checkmate Ranni
That's not why he did it as far as we know. There were already Astels and fallingstar beasts around before that, and they weren't a major threat then, so there's no reason to assume the Lands Between urgently needed that protection.
    >they weren't a major threat then

Idk, Nokron would probably disagree.
        The Astel in Nokron was sent by the Greater Will, it's not a threat to the Golden Order.
            How do yall get this deep in the lore? Is it all in the item descriptions? Ive figured out a few things on my own that way but not nearly to the extent some of yall have.
                Osmosis.

(Also yes, mostly item descriptions. And dialogue sometimes. And a healthy dose of personal interpretation.)
Except when you literally do make things better through multiple ending possibilities
    Or even just killing certain bosses. You can't tell me that getting rid of fucking Godrick the Grafted isn't a net positive for the Lands Between.
        But tbf any other demigod could've done so too, he was said to be the weakest by far and even Morgott's projection is stronger than him. If he decided to end Godrick's foolish ambitions, it would just be a small trip for him to fuck him up and noone would know it was Morgott since they don't know their king is an omen.
            But none did do anything, part if the reason the worlds so shit atm
                Tearing down someone's evil regime's nice and all but who's going to build things back up again, and will the power vacuum create worse strife?
Luckily for us Nepheli Loux steps in although it'll probably be Gostoc and The Great Kenneth Haight running the show.
            But obviously none of them wanted to. Morgott was protecting him, even.
    Killing Dung Eater is 100% a Good Thing. Ideally turning him into a puppet so he won’t reincarnate is more appropriate but also more ambiguously evil.
Sometimes you just gotta scrap it and start over
You know what? Thinking of my character as an unstoppable, immortal doom-bringer makes the game much less stressful. Think you’re gonna kill me off? I’ll re-spawn and come right back at you until you’re dead.
I remember that fallout reference lol
It's like the best, just because the Greater Will is definitely separated from the Lands Between.
    It’s only better then the flame of frenzy ending since all the Elden lord endings have a better outcome, the greater will isn’t the villain, Ranni is for causing the shattering
        There are actually some good videos that go deeper into Ranni's ending. There's this idea that she is actually evil but this stems from some mistakes made in the localization. In her Japanese dialogs she says that she hates the fact that the life on earth is determined by the order established by the great will. She wants to set the world free from such dependence by moving the order into the starts so that no man can fight again to put his hands on such power.
            Yeah I know about the translation but still the golden order is something that is beneficial for everyone especially with fia’s or Gold mask’s endings, if the world is already great for everyone why change it?
Elaborate
    Well it is better then the frenzy ending but I think that every Elden lord ending is better cause o think the greater will was already a great order destroyed by Ranni
That's made me chuckle a bit because now all I can imagine when I'm running at him with the npc characters is that we are all animal activists XD
>When you beat Malenia we are not explicitly shown a “Legend Felled” or equivalent as we do with other major bosses

That's a crazy detail and definitely intentionally done. Even if they left it open-ended she's coming back for sure!

My bet is on Miquella as well, if they do a Twin Princes-esque fight that'd be insane but he seems set up to be a Griffith/Femto kinda arc and I imagine he'd be the ultimate boss fight (like how Gael was in DS3's Ringed City), something they've perhaps always wanted to give proper justice to. They've always had Guts stand-in characters like Artorias and Gael, Blaidd in Elden Ring, I've heard people make claims for Ludwig and Orphan of Kos as well but they seem their own thing to me.

Ludwig has a Sif connection in his OST so he seems more an homage to Artorias/Sif specifically as well as the Moonlight Greatsword/Holy Moonlight Sword being an homage to their Kings Field games, really that fight is a celebration of their history and success and one of the greatest boss fights ever created, truly a work of art.

And Orphan is a great example of the Other we fear, tragic while being a huge pain in the ass to fight.
If the Lore I read is correct malenia after she turn in a flower after we beat her she need to reborn another time for completing her role as a spawn of the scarlet rot god, next big dlc gonna be a whole new region full of scarlet rot enemys and a malenia in its her real final form... At least I hope so....

BTW I noticed that radahn don't have feet, he just have some magic who keep him "flying"

P.s. Sorry for bad English
You dont get any message for killing demi-gods its not special for Malenia.
Ok? But aside from the way he treats Leonard, and the fact that he held back the stars (something that was in his best interests for him to do) there is very little evidence towards him being a good person
    >something that was in his best interests for him to do

Technically it was still to save Sellia which was said to be doomed.
    All his men respect him even after his death, fighting the rot and holding the festival to give him a proper celebration. It’s clear that he definitely had an impressive reputation and was honorable or charismatic enough that people pledged their loyalty to him. As long as you weren’t on the other end of his sword, he probably was a pretty swell guy to be around, even if he was a power-hungry warlord demigod.
        That's really not unusual for a warlord and both Malenias and Miquellas troops are also extremely loyal.

They only one who doesn't appear to have any loyal followers is Godrick.
            Very true! Miquella would also be a super good candidate for a “Good” demigod if he hadn’t been kidnapped by Mohg; he was incredibly beloved by everyone, created unalloyed gold specifically to help his sister manage her scarlet rot, and left to painstakingly grow his own special healing tree when it was clear the Erdtree wasn’t going to do shit about his and Malenia’s curses. 

Also it’s implied the reason Godrick doesn’t have any loyal followers is because they all died or deserted after his disastrous attack on the capital. All he has left are sellswords, mercenaries, and exiles.
                I think there was also some stuff about Godrick himself rejecting his few remaining troops because he blamed them for his losses rather than himself. That is how the bandits working with Patches became bandits.
                Miquella is basically maxed out charisma

he could have been manipulating his followers for sure
                    Miquella’s on the edge between charisma and manipulation. There’s definitely a magical aspect to it, but it’s certainly not mind-control. Miquella certainly doesn’t seem malicious or evil, he just wants to cure his and his sister’s curses. I’ve even wondered if part of Mohg’s “attraction” to Miquella is an unintended side-effect of Miquella’s charisma aura; Mohg may have initially just wanted to kidnap and Moghwyn-ify him but his ambition combined with Miquella’s magic presence led to the twisted situation
                One of the powers of miquella is being loved by everyone, and the unalloyed gold in the head of the soldiers(everything that haves it) amplify the power and let miquella absolute manipulation
                    Is that evidence for you that he is bad person or someone tjat is hated by all of his people.
                    Is there a source for that? I know that unalloyed gold is used to ward off scarlet rot and the outer gods, but I don't remember them also amplifying miquellas power
            Some say Godrick's followers are still giving him a hand to this day!
If this had been a recurrent problem before Radahn froze the stars, surely there would be more lore and signs of it. Everything suggests the star creatures were a very rare and fairly harmless occurence all along, and Radahn conquered the stars out of ambition or vainglory, not altruism.
    they aren't very harmless, Astel is one of them and destroyed an entire city and stole they're sky. More importantly as well the malformed stars aren't the only invaders, the Fallingstar beasts also seem to enjoy crashing and killing like a bad party guest.
        The point isn't that they're not individually dangerous, it's that they were never a frequent, regular threat such that Radahn would have taken measures against them.

Additionally, they show up regardless of Radahn's alleged protection, and there aren't more of them after he dies. So clearly that's not what his conquest of the stars was about.
            well the ones that are around could predate his conquest of the heavens, but I think that the idea that they aren't a major threat is incorrect.

Think about it you only need one malformed star to level a city, similar to a nuke you only need one.
    >Radahn alone holds Sellia secure, and stands tall to shatter the stars

The Starscourge Conflict is basically Radahn protecting the town of Sellia, who where essentially descendants of Nokstella that was previously destroyed by an Astel. Based on the Collapsing Stars description, this conflict occurred during his studies making it highly unlikely he planned this for vainlgory or ambition because we know he learned gravity magic for his horse.
Sellia is the only major town in his region of Caelid, I don’t think him defending it has anything to do with his other job of holding the stars in place. It was also a town full of assassins, based on the descriptions of the spells associated with it.
    Sellia in the end was still a town of sorcery, and the town Radahn learned gravity magic in (via the alabaster lord that trained him btw). Plus, Sellia as a town of sorcery is inherently connected to things like the primeval current and the stars, it also has a connection to the eternal cities like Nokron and Nokstella. Radahn holding the stars in place had definitely a lot more to do with Sellia's security than people might admit. Unless of course, I'm missing something.
What does he want?
    IIRC he wants the greater will to continue exerting power over the lands between
        There’s nothing really implying that Radahn wants anything but that either. Holding the stars in place is only ever shown to be a nuisance to Ranni, who is actively plotting and acting against the Greater Will.
It’s not really clear, but I think it was implied he was waiting for the proper time. For whatever reason, Ranni couldn’t enact her plan immediately, and had to wait for the right moment. That’s why the Radahn festival only happens when the stars are aligned, you can see a big astrolabe in Redmane Castle as well. Maybe Radahn also wanted to ensure no space monsters fell down and interfered while the plan took place.
    Depending on the setting's cosmology, there may actually be something to that. For one thing, if the stars were indeed frozen in place, how could they align? From that, we could assume they were either simply slowed considerably *or* that they were frozen relative to something other than the Lands Between, and that the alignment set up the impact that breached Nokron once they were released.

Of course, "when the stars align" could also have just been a poetic way of saying "when the catering gets here" and Radahn may well have been, when he still had his wits about him, simply acting in opposition to his sister's goals for whatever reason.
The family was moving away from the accepted sorceries of the time to moon sorceries. The holding of the stars also halted Sellen's plans. The swords at Caelid also say the starscourge conflict was a conflict to save the town of sorcery. You can find Lusat kept prisoner near a cave and the spell he gives you is the primeval sorcery that call down star pieces. Ranalla's plan was implied to be to take over the college with moon sorcery and to do this she had to decrease the influence of the primeval school of sorceries.  

Iji who is a part of the carian royal council is close friends with Jerren the witch hunter who was inducted into Radahn's army as a guest commander. Jerren was introduced to Radahn through the carian royal courts. We know Radahn halted the stars when he was young so this implies he was still welcomed by the carian royal courts. In game jerren sends you to Iji to tell him to let you fight Radahn on behalf of Ranni so her fate is resumed. When we talk to Iji he has like a face palm moment and goes of course how could we forget that the stars control fate for the royals, the path to nokron might reveal itself if the stars resume movement. This implies they were not aware that anything nefarious was taking place by holding the stars, remember that the family wanted to move away from star stuff and move towards moon stuff, by halting the fate dictated by the stars this might be possible.

There is also evidence they support each other as they share faction troops among each others.

The capitol was most likely attacked by Radahn( as per the picture with morgot fighting Radahn ). If you look at the map the capitol was attacked from the left and not from the right. The fighting takes place only on the left. The path leading to the left comes from the volcano manor, this implies that they were working together to attack the capitol.

There is evidence that suggest it was a war between the house of the moon (The Carian Royals) and the golden order.
This is a big misunderstanding of Ranni's questline. Ranni only needed a way in to Nokstella, it just so happens to do so you need to blast apart the landscape and only a star could do that. Important to note that the one who gave us the solution was Sellen, a sorcerer expert in glinstone magic. Of course her solution would be the stars, Ranni herself didn't say or know his brother was the reason her plans were not pushing through.

Her Age of Stars ending has nothing to do with her and the stars either, as she wants to be free from the influence of all Outer Gods.
I think both of them had their own goals, and both of them do want the outer gods to fuck off. In Ranni’s case, that involves overthrowing the golden order and Greater Will, and in Marika’s case it’s shattering the Elden Ring and calling back the tarnished to defeat the Elden Beast. The entire goal of the night of the black knives (which happened pre-shattering) was so Ranni could shed her body and free herself from the Two Fingers’ influence.
    The lore can be a little unclear since "the Shattering" is also the name of the resulting war. My understanding of the order of events was:

• Marika shatters the Elden Ring.

• Night of Black Knives

• "The Shattering" war

Not entirely sure how much of that is headcanon at the moment.
        The story trailer clarifies it a bit, the stealing of the rune of death, Night of the Black Knives, and murder of Godwyn the Golden was the inciting incident that drove Marika to shatter the Elden Ring, which then led to her disappearance, distribution of the great runes, and the Shattering wars.
Hmm, that does makes sense, I might have been misremembering his lines. I think Ranni is asleep by that point though, so she can’t tell us.
    Surely she would have left instructions.
I'm still not sure as to if we actually survive that area and end up getting washed up into the cavern or if we die and end up by some Erdtree roots.

It's certainly possible that we survived, as Fromsoft has used the "You Died" screen for times when our character is canonically just KO'd in previous games (Dark Souls 1 and Bloodborne), and our character can survive injuries like impalement in gameplay, but it's debatable.
    Nah we survived it. If you pay attention in the beginning when the scion beats you the screen turns black for a bit and you hear dragging and an eventual splash. There is beach you go to from the south agheel lake grace, there is a spirit spring by some tiny octopuses, where you can jump down and reach the beach. The beach has a rear entrance to the tutorial dungeon where its all damp and wet. So you get chucked off the chapel of anticipation and wash up in the tutorial cave where melinia and torrent first find you
        If you leave your status screen open, the Grafted Scion only drops you to 1 hp so the PC definitely survives the encounter
            Wonder if that functions like that if you beat the grafted scion.

For anyone unaware, if you beat the scion it'll drop some weapons and the fog gate to leave will fade. You'll step forward and see some butterflies at the edge of the cliff. You walk out to touch the butterflies and the cliff falls apart underfoot and you fall to "YOU DIED". Cause FromSoft. Ends up in exactly the same tutorial location.
                oh, thats why the cliff is there. thats the spot you get teleported to from the belfrie tower. i turned around and just died
                I think it was on either one of Zullie's videos or a tweet, that the game keeps a death counter for how many times your character has died. They found that losing to the grafted scion does not increment the counter, but beating it and falling off the cliff does
                    I died 2,147,483,647 times. My game doesn't work anymore.
        Thanks for the info. That's always been something I wasn't sure about.
    [removed]
        Did you seriously steal someone else's comment from this post? What are you? A karma farming bot?
    You get the 'you died' text from the Iron maiden that transports you to the area under volcano manir. 

So pc probably survived other instances.
Leonard is Best boy.
    I agree, he assisted the Gaffer very well.
That’s the same kind of “surviving” you do every time you die though, except because you haven’t rested at any grace the world just sucks you underground. I’m pretty sure it even says you died when you fall
One of the last places in the game I found and still hadn't been spoiled on that fall. 'Visions of death' indeed my good message leaving chum.
Wait which fall? Is it after the godskin apostle? Because I haven’t gotten that far…
    No, just before the apostle.
        You mean the platforming section? Because I died every time I fell…
My first playthrough was offline and I missed the part quite a while. I was trained to save and quit when falling, and after seeing the death trap in the chapel of anticipation I didn't even think about not quitting out on that fall.
This idea that fromsoft games have absolutely zero discrepancy between gameplay and lore is consistently contradicted. Not to mention that I literally *just* gave direct examples of the PC easily surviving falls that would kill you in normal gameplay. 

1. You're still able to respawn in gameplay when you're canonically unable to. This happened against the Moon Presence in Bloodborne, Genichiro/Isshin in Sekiro, and after you release Destined Death in Elden Ring.

2. The way that immortality works in Elden Ring is completely different from the respawning mechanic. Immortality in Elden Ring isn't instantaneous—it's a very long process of reincarnation that sees your soul being absorbed into the roots of the Erdtree (which is said by one spirit to require patience). 
Despite possessing grace, the Demigods haven't returned to life even after you die and respawn in gameplay. If respawning worked like the actual canonical immortality, they would have come back to life by the time we do.
All of the other characters suggest that dying is a significant deal and not something that you or they can quickly respawn from, despite the fact that they're all just as immortal as you, and they never respawn when killed.

3. There's no such thing as "other worlds" in Elden Ring's lore. Item descriptions are even meta and explicitly use terms like "multiplayer" and "coop".

4. You're able to damage gods in Elden Ring with weapons that aren't upgraded, despite it being specifically stated by the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone that it requires weapons powerful enough to bend time in order to harm them. Also, RL1 runs are not canon.

5. I-frames don't exist in lore.

6. In the Radahn fight, Alexander says that he was busted open with a single hit from Radahn and hid for the rest of the fight, yet in gameplay, he's a tank. Blaidd also specifically states that the glory of the clash is shared between the Tarnished and Radahn, meaning that the PC was the one who actually did all of the work and defeated him, regardless of whether you just let the summons do everything in gameplay.

7. Characters powerful enough to slay gods in lore can die from small falls and weak enemies in gameplay.

8. In Dark Souls, it says "You Died" despite the fact that you were only KOd and imprisoned by Seath. The same thing happened in Bloodborne with those bag-carrying dudes in the Cathedral Ward that bring you to that gaol. They simply have "You Died" screen because that's how the gameplay works.

And much more, but that's more than enough to convey the point.
    This was cool to read
    I agree with everything you said~ *except*~ for the “gods have grace” statement.  So far as I understand ~ the demigods/gods all lost their grace when the tarnished were brought back into grace.  The Greater Will (and grace, by proxy) turned its back on the demigods, as a result of the shattering and the war.

Unless I’m missing something… which is VERY likely.

But all in all~ ER/souls games definitely has dissonance between canon and gameplay~ even if those disconnects are smaller than maybe other games.
        There's no mention of them losing their grace, and from what we know, the Greater Will isn't the one who controls who has grace and who doesn't. Marika is said to have granted the early grace-given their grace and is the one who took away grace from The Tarnished and was planning on giving it back to them iirc.

It's also implied that the Greater Will just straight-up abandoned The Lands Between. It's mostly just been the Two-Fingers trying to salvage everything. Given that most beings still possess grace, it's clear that grace doesn't stem from the Greater Will.

There's also the fact that the Two-Fingers stated that Marika could continue to rule as a god, despite the fact that she had acted against the goals of the Greater Will before and even broke the Elden Ring, which caused the entire mess. I find it hard to believe that they'd completely reject the Demigods for committing relatively minor sins while they're willing to forgive Marika for a cardinal sin, even when they already have potential replacements for her.
            This is where I’m confused, because I’m almost certain an NPC (cannot remember whom) explicitly tells you that your mission as tarnished is to kill the demigods, as they have betrayed the golden order and lost their grace.  It is why we are literally guided by grace to kill them and rebuild the Elden Ring.

Now we betray Grace/Two Fingers/Greater Will/whatever~ once we defeat Morgott and aspire to ascend to the mountaintops.  I have a personal theory that it’s partly why Godfrey was drawn back to the Tree to retake his place as Elden Lord, because Grace abandoned us.  Again I could be wrong but I feel like this was explicitly said in game…
                I've looked around, and I couldn't find anything about them losing grace. The closest thing to that comes from dialogue with Enia and the Two-Fingers, who essentially say that they Greater Will had given up on the Demogods, as none of them were able to become Elden Lord. They don't say anything about having taken away their grace, just that they'll have their great runes taken away by force.

They're implying that it's because of the Demigods' inability to become lord that they've called upon the Tarnished to take them out and take the throne instead, not because of the Demigods committing sin by taking part in the Shattering.
                    Oh interesting.  I might have extrapolated.  I definitely conflate the GW and Grace, which you say above they are very different with different goals.

Why would grace guide us to kill the Demigods, then… is there a story-based reason for it, or is it just “game-feel” related?
    1-7 are correct. 8 is not correct in relation to Dark Souls. Undead characters in Dark Souls actually die. They just don't stay dead, and then they either regain (potentially diminished) sanity at a bonfire or remain insane and hollow. Seath exploits the connection between bonfires and undeath to trap the player-character. You do actually drop your bloodstain in the room where Seath kills you---just as with any other death in the game.

In general, FromSoft didn't start to worsen at that kind of consistency between world and gameplay until Dark Souls II and Bloodborne. After that, though, it has been a relatively steady slide, and Elden Ring may be the worst in that regard so far.
        How would Seath do that? Are there any item descriptions or dialogue for this? Because we've never seen such a thing anywhere else.

Also, I'm pretty sure you drop bloodstains when similar things happen in Bloodborne and Elden Ring as well.
            While it's unclear *exactly* how he does it, it's no great stretch whatsoever. Seath is canonically one of the most knowledgeable beings about the nature of life and death in the Souls universe. He lives in a vast library of archives where he has done nothing but research immortality for thousands of years. He has successfully grown the crystals which contributed to the longevity of the ancient dragons, has successfully abducted many people in the past in a variety of ways, has been a close confidante and advisor of Gwyn (who originally placed the undead curse on humanity), and his own attacks inflict the curse status effect.

Moreover, there is a very conspicuous bonfire in the cage where you go after he kills you, and it is clearly manipulated as it is cut off from the others for the purpose of warping, and is not the one at which you last rested. The mechanics are frequently part of the storytelling in Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, and I believe that occasion is no exception. You have to lose all of your HP for the Seath encounter to advance you to the cage; when that happens, you die.

I can't speak to the similar occasions in the later games. I'm not as acquainted with their lore, and, again, I think FromSoft was more careless about this kind of stuff in their more recent releases---especially when it comes to simply copying things over from earlier titles.
                Is there a connection between the undead curse and sorcery? I always thought those were completely separate areas of magic, and Seath was entirely focused on sorcery iirc. 

Also, if Seath is able to manipulate where our soul ends up, why doesn't he just toss us into an abyss if he kills us in the rematch? Or into a different prison cell. And why haven't we seen anything like that in DS2 or DS3 (unless I'm forgetting something from those).

If that's what he canonically did, then I feel like it has a lot of plot holes.
                    It's not our soul. It's our body. You may be confusing the lore of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls there.

He's obviously waiting for us when we arrive at the archives, and he is obviously not waiting for us when we escape the cell and infiltrate the crystal caves. I'm not sure what you mean by your question about a different cell; we're trapped in that one *because* that's the one with the manipulated bonfire in it. And curse is *not* a form of sorcery as far as we know, which is why it is significant that Seath also personally wields curse as an attack.

But again, the particular details of the functioning of his trap are not explicitly explained to us in the game. Few things in Dark Souls are given the level of specificity that you seem to be requesting. To access the story and world details, players are expected to be able to connect the dots with the partial information they are given, and other things are just left open to interpretation. We simply don't know why Seath is able to do it when he is ready for us in the archives, and not when we surprise him in the caves. Perhaps it requires some preparation, or some proximity to the manipulated bonfire.

Your list of questions about other things he might have done or other points in other games where it might've happened doesn't contain any plot holes, so your mention of plot holes is somewhat odd. The player-character loses all their hit points; the game says 'You Died'; they drop a bloodstain; they respawn at a bonfire. That is what happens when the player-character dies in Dark Souls. It's obviously Seath's fault when the bonfire they respawn at this time is in a cage in Seath's personal prison ward. These are not difficult dots to connect.
    This is a great list!
    [deleted]
        Yes, necessarily. That's how *all* living beings come back to life. From the lowest insect to the highest lord.  They don't even necessarily return to life in their own body, as all of those jellyfish-looking things are formerly children who've been reincarnated.

None of what you're saying is present in the lore.

The only difference is where they're buried, as those with higher honors get buried closer to the base of the Erdtree right at the roots. Others just get buried in catacombs.

No, he doesn't send us anywhere; he's not able to do anything like that. It's simply the roundtable hold. The reason why NPCs aren't there is to prevent the player from accidentally killing them. 
There's nothing in-lore physically preventing us from attacking others in the roundtable. It's just the player character choosing not to attack anything, just like in the Grand Library, the Radahn Festival gathering, Volcano Manor, etc.

Unlike in Dark Souls, which has a convoluted flow of reality that allows for parallel timelines to cross into each other, there is no such thing in Elden Ring. 

Other universes would be a *significant* change to the cosmology as we know it, but there isn't a single bit of dialogue or item description that actually supports it.

Releasing Destined Death is exactly what it's said to be—it releases the concept of Death into the world to allow for a true death. Releasing it allows for "death, indiscriminate" as opposed to only the body dying, and those given grace being allowed to live once again.
            [deleted]
                I just looked up all of Gideon's dialogue, and I couldn't find any such statement. No, he absolutely does not control the roundtable. If anyone at all does, it would be the two-fingers, but even that doesn't have any evidence supporting it.

The exact same thing happens in plenty of different areas in the game without any explanation whatsoever. You're just coming up with headcanon.
    I didnt mean to imply there absolutely no disrepency, there has to be some, but there is also a consistent thread with a bunch of outliers. "Lore" versions of game characters are in general just unbrindled wank of every single hyperbole fandom can find as well as cancerous powerscalling that usually doesn't even make sense. It's the same for Dark Souls, Bloodborne, TES, Destiny or Undertale. Like, to say that the tarnished is impervious to any and all falls is just a similar level of wank IMO. it was bad enough that people claimed solar system level Dark Souls bosses. Elden Ring is going to be even worse. For this reason, gameplay feats are the best measure of a characters power and competence.

-Ofc youre still able to respawn, the game would end right there otherwise

-I don’t know if it’s explained in ER but in dark souls, everyone’s world is linked and can phase in and out, and with the stones you can phase into someone else’s world. Pretty much just have Knight Solaire’s dialogue to go off of and idk if that’s much of a lore implication.
In ER, I haven’t found an NPCs that have explained it but the Lands Between are probably linked like Souls games.

I frames dont exist, but it enables a certain ludonarrative thread. Even at RL1/SL1, anyone who is alive can be killed,  both the player and the enemies working on the same set of rules. Even while crazy bosses seem to be overpowered, often their movesets are limited by set potentials for their patterns, stamina, and stagger-potential; and all this combined to make gameplay experience where skill, strategy, and perseverance resulted in consistent and predictable accomplishments. Its fuckin great
        Sounds like you just don't understand how games and power-scaling work. You have to go off of author-intent, which is told in the lore, not the gameplay. Otherwise, you end up with street-level Kratos and Dante who can't even bust walls despite the fact that they've killed cosmic beings explicitly stated to be far above that.

The fact that you think the Tarnished being able to survive any fall is "wank" when they can kill gods which explicitly require literal time-bending levels of power to be harmed is utterly absurd and only makes you seem incredibly biased.
            Haven't played dmc but kratos has gameplay  feats that qualify his godhood. 

I do agree with taking author intent into consideration! I just don't think we should cherrypick which gameplay elements to ignore when judging a character, especially in fromsoftware games that tries to unify the gameplay and lore as as well as it does. Otherwise they just get wanked higher than most people's interpretation of the character when playing the game. Like, what does time-bending levels of power even mean, and does that really say anything about the characters durability? Not that it matters, but it's fun to talk abt

I appreciate the reply lol
                Kratos and Dante in gameplay can't even bust walls. They can shatter small amounts of stone/concrete at most with their more powerful moves, whereas in the lore, they're capable of defeating cosmic beings that damage the fabric of reality. 
Kratos scales to Ouranus, who created the universe with his birth, as well as to Thor and Jormungandr who broke apart time and destroyed the Yggdrasil with their fight, yet he can get get easily killed by Draugr in gameplay. He's explicitly stated to be able to carry the world with Atlas, but he struggles with chests, and Cory Barlog directly explained that he struggles with chests for the sake of gameplay—to give the player a bit more interaction.

Considering that the lore is essentially the story, and that author intent is told through the story, then lore is prioritized over gameplay. Gameplay should only be used when they're consistent with lore. That's why regular shooter game characters shouldn't be considered bulletproof or immortal even though they can rank bullets and respawn in gameplay, as that's generally not consistent with the story.

Likewise, if the lore states that a character has cosmic levels of power, but they can't even break a bit of stone due to gameplay limitations, then the lore should be prioritized, as *that* is the story.

Fromsoft tries to tie lore to gameplay more than the average games do, but even back in Demon's Souls, there were discrepancies, as the Slayer of Demon's could kill a demon that was capable of killing dragons with his bare hands as a human, but that same Slayer of Demon's would struggle immensely with killing Dragons even with weapons.

The Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone item description states that it's from a realm outside of time, and bends time to allow the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god. Meaning that any sort of weapon not capable of that would be unable to harm a god according to the lore.

There's also other examples like Meteorite of Astel, which is stated to have leveled a city, but in gameplay, it doesn't even cause any sort of environmental damage.
>  in fromsoftware games there's virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay

that is absolutely absurd and literally any surface level examination disproves that. you've been smoking too much ludonarrative crack  rock.
    It isn't absurd. Like bioshock, fromsoftware games have gameplay elements that harmonizes with the story. I'm just having a simple disagreement on a character lol, chill
        'gameplay elements that harmonize with the story' isn't the same thing as 'virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay'

just take the L bro
            > 'virtually

look up what this means, bro
In the Divine Tower of Caelid, when you're going down to the Godskin Apostle, right before the final elevator, you fall from a height that would 100% kill you in normal gameplay.
hot dog
Well, they are unbelievably horrifying.
    Fair point
Hm, wonder if the crucible is in fact another outer God’s will then…
    Considering all the machinations we know of, I do get the distinct feeling that there is very little that does not stem from one outer god or another.
Wait what, meaning there’s one in the peninsula, caelid, liurnia, altus, the mountaintop, snowfield, and farum azula? >.> HOW DID I MISS ALL THESE?!?!?
    Well, not FA...
        Oh, well that’s still 4-5 birds I’ve missed since I only remember seeing one or two.
Plus there's the fact that he has far more limbs than most beasts, who only have four. Ludwig is the only exception iirc
    I want to add that there's some item description or dialog (its been far too long) that describes that basically, the more devoted you are to the faith/the more priestly you are, the more vicious and crazy of a beast you can become. I always assumed that Ludwig with just super super into the whole church thing, and with that magic sword boosting his faith even further, he lost himself way more than really anyone else.
        It's less of a faith thing and more the amount of blood consumed. The item you're talking about is likely the sword hunter badge. Still, my favourite thing about these games is that the lore can spark this kind of discussion. Very fun
            If it is [amount of blood consumed] then it would still make sense. He was THE hunter for quite a while, and probably got hurt and needed way more healing than the average joe.
            Sword Hunter Badge: “Ludwig was the first of many Healing Church hunters to come, many of whom were clerics. As it was, clerics transformed into the most hideous beasts."
To be fair astel's pretty bullshit to mele range users though.  Between the god-awful camera angles and the range on it, oooof.
That would be a fun one try minigame. Also really easy to bypass this.
It's actually a kind of buff, when you go into it you get a little gust affect around you and it negates fall damage, you can jump down into the springs, as long as you come somewhat close to it before impact it does the little wind buff thing and negates the fall damage.
That's different; with the spirit springs it just turns off fall damage for the jump, or if you're within the safe landing area. It doesn't have to check where you are compared to where you last jumped to determine if you can survive it because it doesn't even run that check.
There's like one in caelid leading to the great jar. Can't think of any others off the top of my head that require you to get there from somewhere else
Yep. It's not an implementation problem. I don't know what people are on saying that it is. They just didn't want to allow the player to scale downwards infinitely with a double jump as it would significantly alter how the world could be traversed; you could fall just about any distance on horseback trivially but getting back up would be a much bigger issue. No place in the overworld could present the challenge of descending safely. The world would either need to be made mostly an uphill terrain with less flat land or feel much more flat as a result.

Limiting the maximum downwards distance one can fall on horseback essentially places a hard cap on how far you can move downwards, in any context, with specific exceptions to make exploration more interesting and rewarding. You have to look down if going downwards can kill you. If it can't, all you have to look out for is bottomless cliffs.
They'd have to treat torrents jump as solid ground, meaning your runes could get stuck midair and I'm sure lots of other unintended bugs.
    No... just when he jumps, set a new height to calc the fall from. Making a torrent jump the same as solid ground would be very sloppy coding.
    [deleted]
        Him taking fall damage? Intended 

Him dying past 20m? Not intended but they didn't care

If it isn't a limitation then why do bosses still die from 20m falls? Seems like they'd program them to not die that easily

I'm sure there is a way around it (they patched the fire giant cheese somehow) but I'm guessing it's not an easy fix as its not implemented often  (if at all, I'm pretty sure fire giant is the only exception to fall damage)

Edit: auto correct
            [deleted]
                You're talking to a bag of rocks with fingers. Im sorry.

Torrent's jumps are already tracked so that the second input makes him jump. Duh. You just add an extra not even a line of code that resets the height fallen variablr. If Torrent generates a ground surface when he doublejumps, just ignore the first height difference (off the cliff to double jump location) and account for height fallen after the second input.

Its not rocket science. Its basic logic. Really basic.
                    preamble: I think it was a design decision, not an implementation issue.

but, it should be said that there’s a huge gap between basic logic and simplicity in implementation.
    No? Just reset the number on a double jump. A direct change. You don't need to go in and program an environmental change to manipulate a variable you can edit directly.
He’s getting downvoted because thats a very silly theory. It would be computationally negligible to reset fall damage, and its plainly obvious that fromsoft uses fall deaths to partition the map
But it's not an engine limitation, they could easily alter fall damage calculations. No, it's a deliberate design decision by the level designers, to funnel characters down certain pathways. The ER overworld is built around corridors that interweave and overlap, with specific funnels to guide you to points of interest and frame the landscape. Being able to easily hop from one to another would break that design principle.

BOTW designers made it far too easy to bypass terrain using the glider, and that made travel a tad too generic. Even Elden Ring isn't perfect, fast travel is actually a bit too fast, but at least it only applies to your second trip through an area.
    BotW actually did every single thing better than FROM, except for combat.   
  
I don't want specific funnels.  Its an open world game.  You can guide the player without forcing them (they already implemented this with guiding grace).   In BotW you could go straight to wherever you wanted.  I didnt need to stare at a map and run around the same cliff for a fucking hour trying to get up/down.  It's a pain in the ass, and makes exploring one too.  That combined with the shit rewards (oh boy! another artorias leaf that Ill never use!) made me not even want to explore.   BotW mayve also had some lackluster gifts, but the world was a treat to explore.  You got to do interesting puzzles, and use interesting game mechanics, not just fight through annoying imp spam every dungeon.  Dont even get me started on the music.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            It's because of landscape design and funneling the player down certain paths at certain times towards certain points of interest. It's a level-design necessity.
It's obvious that the OP doesn't know anything about programming is why
So how come spiritspring jumps work?

It's literally not a coding issue. It's a deliberate level design choice. There's so many places where you can see something below you but have to find a safe route to it (the canyon in Caelid that's only accessible via Siofra for example) that they don't want to break the intended route to.
Wow, great essay based on nothing but assumptions. How do you explain spiritsprings then?
Its much easier to consider a "flying" entity as a grounded one, and just change the location of the hurtbox and textures. Having multiple entity types is unnecessary, the "flying" enemies just dont jump.

You dont need a check on *every* jump or *every* action. You're also way overblowing the amount of testing it would require to add a single extra check to a single entity with a long list of exceptions.

The only time any additional calculations would have to occur is if and only if a second jump input is executed. No input execution, no code execution. Yes, it will be waiting until it hits the ground with another caveat, but again, thats an extremely small and lightweight change to a heavily used component of the game. Its not gonna increase lag to add a single flag to *one npc*.
Tell me you know nothing about programming without saying you know nothing about programming.
With your assumptions, even if you reset fall height and recalculate the fall damage every single time Torrent double jumps it's at most a 100% load increase on the hardware with respect to Torrent jumping only. The complexity class would still be the same, and the player isn't double jumping every time.
Bro their armor and weapons are baller af
    Not to mention they’re the ones that give you the most OP ash of war in the game
I am too busy cowering in fear of them/the night.
    Death Birds are the worst for me.  Fuck those guys.
Exactly my point that thing was vicious
No you didn’t. You said it like an a hole.
I don't really understand what you mean, i got every trophies on the game so yeah i explored everything and killed every boss but i didn't had trouble doing some platform with torrent.

The only thing that was annoying the first time was to get to the three fingers.
His soul is gone, to the horse.

All he was once was is now the horse
    Rykard wasn’t the only one consumed by a sinister creature…
        Sinister?
            Leonard’s eyes are *pretty* shifty… I think he has PLANS for The Lands Between.

Images of Ludwig….
            Eh, Radhan is a tricky bastard.
            I believe you meant stepsister, Oh no Step horse Leonard is stuck again 😂
    More horse than a man, or maybe more man than a horse.
    Guess he's just horsing around the whole fight.
*dog
Leonard the horse is also pulling Radahn's hair to direct him, just like Remy. Just... different hair.
    Does the lore suggest that the carpet matches the drapes?
        No reason to believe the curse of the Fire Giants manifests only in the North.
            My God this comment thread is cursed. I love it
            This alone has turned this into the best thread I've read in a while
B cooler if he did
It’s possible he’s holding back real stars as we know them but any meteors and Astels in the space between were also held in stasis
    Technically that could be true, but if astel is called a malformed star, like he's an actual deformed star, do stars hsve genetic code. Why the fuck is he like not that big at all. Also that means stars form differently, meaning not like our stars.

However the main reason why I don't think this is the case is it'd simply make him too powerful, I mean he'd be much stronger than markia. I mean he lost to being nuked by rot, why didnt he just crush malenia with some grav. Malenia is clearly not planet level.

Also the stars literally move so their like our world in size but they move and fall like fictual stars, meaning they clearly already broke the rules of being like real life stars.

But yeah if he could hold back stars theirs absolutely nothing stopping him from literally crushing the planet or even the erdtree, or even us, into nothingness.

Thats just my logic, and I, with absolute conviction, believe these stars arent that big, unless you say otherwise you seen smart.
I was wondering the whole time how anyone survived that blast from that star lol. Also radahn can survive shooting himself down like a comet but dies to some sword swipes from a lowly tarnished
That “star” is a “falling star” which is just a cute way to describe a comet 💫or meteor☄️ that has begun to break up upon entering the atmosphere. One capable of punching a hole in the ground that deep should have completely flattened limegrave (if not most of the lands between) with mistwood in it’s entirety being reduced to a red hot crater. Even if the elden ring stars are not really stars they are still massive objects. If he had left go of said stars he probably would have been able to terraform the lands between to suit his needs using only gravity magic.
    That's not necessarily true. Even if we assume that it's appropriate to calculate the forces involved in fiction like a sweaty powerscaler (which we shouldn't because that's not how it works), Limgrave is hollow. A fairly small meteor could have shattered the relatively thin layer of rock covering the Nokron-Siofra underground area, and evidently did, since Limgrave is no flattened and the Mistwood is largely intact.

It's also pure speculation how much power Radahn needed to hold back the stars, since we have no idea what exactly he did to them in the first place.
        You missed my point. Elements of realism are not present in in elden ring bc they would have implications that break the lore. A single 50m meteor can leave a [600 ft deep crater](https://meteorcrater.com) If he could hold this back he would have been stronger than the elden beast and capable of just smushing anything infront of him into the ground with ludicrous amounts of force which would make 0 sense lol. But at the same time he would need to be holding back some sizable meteors in order to leave such a massive crater too. He was clearly capable of lifting a considerable amount of mass with gravity magic as shown in the cutscene with him and malenia when he tears apart the ground lifting his swords in the flashiest way possible. Also there would be no excuse for gravity magic and gravity AoWs for being so mid if it could be used to smush things directly. So for lore and player combat a lot of things were made a bit nonsensical so ambiguity would aid it and keep people talking about it.
It's not a star either, just a comet.
The "Wait. Are we the bad guys?" moment hits. Though I can't say that
>they weren't a major threat then

Idk, Nokron would probably disagree.
    The Astel in Nokron was sent by the Greater Will, it's not a threat to the Golden Order.
        How do yall get this deep in the lore? Is it all in the item descriptions? Ive figured out a few things on my own that way but not nearly to the extent some of yall have.
            Osmosis.

(Also yes, mostly item descriptions. And dialogue sometimes. And a healthy dose of personal interpretation.)
Or even just killing certain bosses. You can't tell me that getting rid of fucking Godrick the Grafted isn't a net positive for the Lands Between.
    But tbf any other demigod could've done so too, he was said to be the weakest by far and even Morgott's projection is stronger than him. If he decided to end Godrick's foolish ambitions, it would just be a small trip for him to fuck him up and noone would know it was Morgott since they don't know their king is an omen.
        But none did do anything, part if the reason the worlds so shit atm
            Tearing down someone's evil regime's nice and all but who's going to build things back up again, and will the power vacuum create worse strife?
Luckily for us Nepheli Loux steps in although it'll probably be Gostoc and The Great Kenneth Haight running the show.
        But obviously none of them wanted to. Morgott was protecting him, even.
Killing Dung Eater is 100% a Good Thing. Ideally turning him into a puppet so he won’t reincarnate is more appropriate but also more ambiguously evil.
It’s only better then the flame of frenzy ending since all the Elden lord endings have a better outcome, the greater will isn’t the villain, Ranni is for causing the shattering
    There are actually some good videos that go deeper into Ranni's ending. There's this idea that she is actually evil but this stems from some mistakes made in the localization. In her Japanese dialogs she says that she hates the fact that the life on earth is determined by the order established by the great will. She wants to set the world free from such dependence by moving the order into the starts so that no man can fight again to put his hands on such power.
        Yeah I know about the translation but still the golden order is something that is beneficial for everyone especially with fia’s or Gold mask’s endings, if the world is already great for everyone why change it?
Well it is better then the frenzy ending but I think that every Elden lord ending is better cause o think the greater will was already a great order destroyed by Ranni
>something that was in his best interests for him to do

Technically it was still to save Sellia which was said to be doomed.
All his men respect him even after his death, fighting the rot and holding the festival to give him a proper celebration. It’s clear that he definitely had an impressive reputation and was honorable or charismatic enough that people pledged their loyalty to him. As long as you weren’t on the other end of his sword, he probably was a pretty swell guy to be around, even if he was a power-hungry warlord demigod.
    That's really not unusual for a warlord and both Malenias and Miquellas troops are also extremely loyal.

They only one who doesn't appear to have any loyal followers is Godrick.
        Very true! Miquella would also be a super good candidate for a “Good” demigod if he hadn’t been kidnapped by Mohg; he was incredibly beloved by everyone, created unalloyed gold specifically to help his sister manage her scarlet rot, and left to painstakingly grow his own special healing tree when it was clear the Erdtree wasn’t going to do shit about his and Malenia’s curses. 

Also it’s implied the reason Godrick doesn’t have any loyal followers is because they all died or deserted after his disastrous attack on the capital. All he has left are sellswords, mercenaries, and exiles.
            I think there was also some stuff about Godrick himself rejecting his few remaining troops because he blamed them for his losses rather than himself. That is how the bandits working with Patches became bandits.
            Miquella is basically maxed out charisma

he could have been manipulating his followers for sure
                Miquella’s on the edge between charisma and manipulation. There’s definitely a magical aspect to it, but it’s certainly not mind-control. Miquella certainly doesn’t seem malicious or evil, he just wants to cure his and his sister’s curses. I’ve even wondered if part of Mohg’s “attraction” to Miquella is an unintended side-effect of Miquella’s charisma aura; Mohg may have initially just wanted to kidnap and Moghwyn-ify him but his ambition combined with Miquella’s magic presence led to the twisted situation
            One of the powers of miquella is being loved by everyone, and the unalloyed gold in the head of the soldiers(everything that haves it) amplify the power and let miquella absolute manipulation
                Is that evidence for you that he is bad person or someone tjat is hated by all of his people.
                Is there a source for that? I know that unalloyed gold is used to ward off scarlet rot and the outer gods, but I don't remember them also amplifying miquellas power
        Some say Godrick's followers are still giving him a hand to this day!
they aren't very harmless, Astel is one of them and destroyed an entire city and stole they're sky. More importantly as well the malformed stars aren't the only invaders, the Fallingstar beasts also seem to enjoy crashing and killing like a bad party guest.
    The point isn't that they're not individually dangerous, it's that they were never a frequent, regular threat such that Radahn would have taken measures against them.

Additionally, they show up regardless of Radahn's alleged protection, and there aren't more of them after he dies. So clearly that's not what his conquest of the stars was about.
        well the ones that are around could predate his conquest of the heavens, but I think that the idea that they aren't a major threat is incorrect.

Think about it you only need one malformed star to level a city, similar to a nuke you only need one.
>Radahn alone holds Sellia secure, and stands tall to shatter the stars

The Starscourge Conflict is basically Radahn protecting the town of Sellia, who where essentially descendants of Nokstella that was previously destroyed by an Astel. Based on the Collapsing Stars description, this conflict occurred during his studies making it highly unlikely he planned this for vainlgory or ambition because we know he learned gravity magic for his horse.
Sellia in the end was still a town of sorcery, and the town Radahn learned gravity magic in (via the alabaster lord that trained him btw). Plus, Sellia as a town of sorcery is inherently connected to things like the primeval current and the stars, it also has a connection to the eternal cities like Nokron and Nokstella. Radahn holding the stars in place had definitely a lot more to do with Sellia's security than people might admit. Unless of course, I'm missing something.
IIRC he wants the greater will to continue exerting power over the lands between
    There’s nothing really implying that Radahn wants anything but that either. Holding the stars in place is only ever shown to be a nuisance to Ranni, who is actively plotting and acting against the Greater Will.
Depending on the setting's cosmology, there may actually be something to that. For one thing, if the stars were indeed frozen in place, how could they align? From that, we could assume they were either simply slowed considerably *or* that they were frozen relative to something other than the Lands Between, and that the alignment set up the impact that breached Nokron once they were released.

Of course, "when the stars align" could also have just been a poetic way of saying "when the catering gets here" and Radahn may well have been, when he still had his wits about him, simply acting in opposition to his sister's goals for whatever reason.
The lore can be a little unclear since "the Shattering" is also the name of the resulting war. My understanding of the order of events was:

• Marika shatters the Elden Ring.

• Night of Black Knives

• "The Shattering" war

Not entirely sure how much of that is headcanon at the moment.
    The story trailer clarifies it a bit, the stealing of the rune of death, Night of the Black Knives, and murder of Godwyn the Golden was the inciting incident that drove Marika to shatter the Elden Ring, which then led to her disappearance, distribution of the great runes, and the Shattering wars.
Surely she would have left instructions.
Nah we survived it. If you pay attention in the beginning when the scion beats you the screen turns black for a bit and you hear dragging and an eventual splash. There is beach you go to from the south agheel lake grace, there is a spirit spring by some tiny octopuses, where you can jump down and reach the beach. The beach has a rear entrance to the tutorial dungeon where its all damp and wet. So you get chucked off the chapel of anticipation and wash up in the tutorial cave where melinia and torrent first find you
    If you leave your status screen open, the Grafted Scion only drops you to 1 hp so the PC definitely survives the encounter
        Wonder if that functions like that if you beat the grafted scion.

For anyone unaware, if you beat the scion it'll drop some weapons and the fog gate to leave will fade. You'll step forward and see some butterflies at the edge of the cliff. You walk out to touch the butterflies and the cliff falls apart underfoot and you fall to "YOU DIED". Cause FromSoft. Ends up in exactly the same tutorial location.
            oh, thats why the cliff is there. thats the spot you get teleported to from the belfrie tower. i turned around and just died
            I think it was on either one of Zullie's videos or a tweet, that the game keeps a death counter for how many times your character has died. They found that losing to the grafted scion does not increment the counter, but beating it and falling off the cliff does
                I died 2,147,483,647 times. My game doesn't work anymore.
    Thanks for the info. That's always been something I wasn't sure about.
[removed]
    Did you seriously steal someone else's comment from this post? What are you? A karma farming bot?
You get the 'you died' text from the Iron maiden that transports you to the area under volcano manir. 

So pc probably survived other instances.
I agree, he assisted the Gaffer very well.
No, just before the apostle.
    You mean the platforming section? Because I died every time I fell…
This was cool to read
I agree with everything you said~ *except*~ for the “gods have grace” statement.  So far as I understand ~ the demigods/gods all lost their grace when the tarnished were brought back into grace.  The Greater Will (and grace, by proxy) turned its back on the demigods, as a result of the shattering and the war.

Unless I’m missing something… which is VERY likely.

But all in all~ ER/souls games definitely has dissonance between canon and gameplay~ even if those disconnects are smaller than maybe other games.
    There's no mention of them losing their grace, and from what we know, the Greater Will isn't the one who controls who has grace and who doesn't. Marika is said to have granted the early grace-given their grace and is the one who took away grace from The Tarnished and was planning on giving it back to them iirc.

It's also implied that the Greater Will just straight-up abandoned The Lands Between. It's mostly just been the Two-Fingers trying to salvage everything. Given that most beings still possess grace, it's clear that grace doesn't stem from the Greater Will.

There's also the fact that the Two-Fingers stated that Marika could continue to rule as a god, despite the fact that she had acted against the goals of the Greater Will before and even broke the Elden Ring, which caused the entire mess. I find it hard to believe that they'd completely reject the Demigods for committing relatively minor sins while they're willing to forgive Marika for a cardinal sin, even when they already have potential replacements for her.
        This is where I’m confused, because I’m almost certain an NPC (cannot remember whom) explicitly tells you that your mission as tarnished is to kill the demigods, as they have betrayed the golden order and lost their grace.  It is why we are literally guided by grace to kill them and rebuild the Elden Ring.

Now we betray Grace/Two Fingers/Greater Will/whatever~ once we defeat Morgott and aspire to ascend to the mountaintops.  I have a personal theory that it’s partly why Godfrey was drawn back to the Tree to retake his place as Elden Lord, because Grace abandoned us.  Again I could be wrong but I feel like this was explicitly said in game…
            I've looked around, and I couldn't find anything about them losing grace. The closest thing to that comes from dialogue with Enia and the Two-Fingers, who essentially say that they Greater Will had given up on the Demogods, as none of them were able to become Elden Lord. They don't say anything about having taken away their grace, just that they'll have their great runes taken away by force.

They're implying that it's because of the Demigods' inability to become lord that they've called upon the Tarnished to take them out and take the throne instead, not because of the Demigods committing sin by taking part in the Shattering.
                Oh interesting.  I might have extrapolated.  I definitely conflate the GW and Grace, which you say above they are very different with different goals.

Why would grace guide us to kill the Demigods, then… is there a story-based reason for it, or is it just “game-feel” related?
1-7 are correct. 8 is not correct in relation to Dark Souls. Undead characters in Dark Souls actually die. They just don't stay dead, and then they either regain (potentially diminished) sanity at a bonfire or remain insane and hollow. Seath exploits the connection between bonfires and undeath to trap the player-character. You do actually drop your bloodstain in the room where Seath kills you---just as with any other death in the game.

In general, FromSoft didn't start to worsen at that kind of consistency between world and gameplay until Dark Souls II and Bloodborne. After that, though, it has been a relatively steady slide, and Elden Ring may be the worst in that regard so far.
    How would Seath do that? Are there any item descriptions or dialogue for this? Because we've never seen such a thing anywhere else.

Also, I'm pretty sure you drop bloodstains when similar things happen in Bloodborne and Elden Ring as well.
        While it's unclear *exactly* how he does it, it's no great stretch whatsoever. Seath is canonically one of the most knowledgeable beings about the nature of life and death in the Souls universe. He lives in a vast library of archives where he has done nothing but research immortality for thousands of years. He has successfully grown the crystals which contributed to the longevity of the ancient dragons, has successfully abducted many people in the past in a variety of ways, has been a close confidante and advisor of Gwyn (who originally placed the undead curse on humanity), and his own attacks inflict the curse status effect.

Moreover, there is a very conspicuous bonfire in the cage where you go after he kills you, and it is clearly manipulated as it is cut off from the others for the purpose of warping, and is not the one at which you last rested. The mechanics are frequently part of the storytelling in Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, and I believe that occasion is no exception. You have to lose all of your HP for the Seath encounter to advance you to the cage; when that happens, you die.

I can't speak to the similar occasions in the later games. I'm not as acquainted with their lore, and, again, I think FromSoft was more careless about this kind of stuff in their more recent releases---especially when it comes to simply copying things over from earlier titles.
            Is there a connection between the undead curse and sorcery? I always thought those were completely separate areas of magic, and Seath was entirely focused on sorcery iirc. 

Also, if Seath is able to manipulate where our soul ends up, why doesn't he just toss us into an abyss if he kills us in the rematch? Or into a different prison cell. And why haven't we seen anything like that in DS2 or DS3 (unless I'm forgetting something from those).

If that's what he canonically did, then I feel like it has a lot of plot holes.
                It's not our soul. It's our body. You may be confusing the lore of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls there.

He's obviously waiting for us when we arrive at the archives, and he is obviously not waiting for us when we escape the cell and infiltrate the crystal caves. I'm not sure what you mean by your question about a different cell; we're trapped in that one *because* that's the one with the manipulated bonfire in it. And curse is *not* a form of sorcery as far as we know, which is why it is significant that Seath also personally wields curse as an attack.

But again, the particular details of the functioning of his trap are not explicitly explained to us in the game. Few things in Dark Souls are given the level of specificity that you seem to be requesting. To access the story and world details, players are expected to be able to connect the dots with the partial information they are given, and other things are just left open to interpretation. We simply don't know why Seath is able to do it when he is ready for us in the archives, and not when we surprise him in the caves. Perhaps it requires some preparation, or some proximity to the manipulated bonfire.

Your list of questions about other things he might have done or other points in other games where it might've happened doesn't contain any plot holes, so your mention of plot holes is somewhat odd. The player-character loses all their hit points; the game says 'You Died'; they drop a bloodstain; they respawn at a bonfire. That is what happens when the player-character dies in Dark Souls. It's obviously Seath's fault when the bonfire they respawn at this time is in a cage in Seath's personal prison ward. These are not difficult dots to connect.
This is a great list!
[deleted]
    Yes, necessarily. That's how *all* living beings come back to life. From the lowest insect to the highest lord.  They don't even necessarily return to life in their own body, as all of those jellyfish-looking things are formerly children who've been reincarnated.

None of what you're saying is present in the lore.

The only difference is where they're buried, as those with higher honors get buried closer to the base of the Erdtree right at the roots. Others just get buried in catacombs.

No, he doesn't send us anywhere; he's not able to do anything like that. It's simply the roundtable hold. The reason why NPCs aren't there is to prevent the player from accidentally killing them. 
There's nothing in-lore physically preventing us from attacking others in the roundtable. It's just the player character choosing not to attack anything, just like in the Grand Library, the Radahn Festival gathering, Volcano Manor, etc.

Unlike in Dark Souls, which has a convoluted flow of reality that allows for parallel timelines to cross into each other, there is no such thing in Elden Ring. 

Other universes would be a *significant* change to the cosmology as we know it, but there isn't a single bit of dialogue or item description that actually supports it.

Releasing Destined Death is exactly what it's said to be—it releases the concept of Death into the world to allow for a true death. Releasing it allows for "death, indiscriminate" as opposed to only the body dying, and those given grace being allowed to live once again.
        [deleted]
            I just looked up all of Gideon's dialogue, and I couldn't find any such statement. No, he absolutely does not control the roundtable. If anyone at all does, it would be the two-fingers, but even that doesn't have any evidence supporting it.

The exact same thing happens in plenty of different areas in the game without any explanation whatsoever. You're just coming up with headcanon.
I didnt mean to imply there absolutely no disrepency, there has to be some, but there is also a consistent thread with a bunch of outliers. "Lore" versions of game characters are in general just unbrindled wank of every single hyperbole fandom can find as well as cancerous powerscalling that usually doesn't even make sense. It's the same for Dark Souls, Bloodborne, TES, Destiny or Undertale. Like, to say that the tarnished is impervious to any and all falls is just a similar level of wank IMO. it was bad enough that people claimed solar system level Dark Souls bosses. Elden Ring is going to be even worse. For this reason, gameplay feats are the best measure of a characters power and competence.

-Ofc youre still able to respawn, the game would end right there otherwise

-I don’t know if it’s explained in ER but in dark souls, everyone’s world is linked and can phase in and out, and with the stones you can phase into someone else’s world. Pretty much just have Knight Solaire’s dialogue to go off of and idk if that’s much of a lore implication.
In ER, I haven’t found an NPCs that have explained it but the Lands Between are probably linked like Souls games.

I frames dont exist, but it enables a certain ludonarrative thread. Even at RL1/SL1, anyone who is alive can be killed,  both the player and the enemies working on the same set of rules. Even while crazy bosses seem to be overpowered, often their movesets are limited by set potentials for their patterns, stamina, and stagger-potential; and all this combined to make gameplay experience where skill, strategy, and perseverance resulted in consistent and predictable accomplishments. Its fuckin great
    Sounds like you just don't understand how games and power-scaling work. You have to go off of author-intent, which is told in the lore, not the gameplay. Otherwise, you end up with street-level Kratos and Dante who can't even bust walls despite the fact that they've killed cosmic beings explicitly stated to be far above that.

The fact that you think the Tarnished being able to survive any fall is "wank" when they can kill gods which explicitly require literal time-bending levels of power to be harmed is utterly absurd and only makes you seem incredibly biased.
        Haven't played dmc but kratos has gameplay  feats that qualify his godhood. 

I do agree with taking author intent into consideration! I just don't think we should cherrypick which gameplay elements to ignore when judging a character, especially in fromsoftware games that tries to unify the gameplay and lore as as well as it does. Otherwise they just get wanked higher than most people's interpretation of the character when playing the game. Like, what does time-bending levels of power even mean, and does that really say anything about the characters durability? Not that it matters, but it's fun to talk abt

I appreciate the reply lol
            Kratos and Dante in gameplay can't even bust walls. They can shatter small amounts of stone/concrete at most with their more powerful moves, whereas in the lore, they're capable of defeating cosmic beings that damage the fabric of reality. 
Kratos scales to Ouranus, who created the universe with his birth, as well as to Thor and Jormungandr who broke apart time and destroyed the Yggdrasil with their fight, yet he can get get easily killed by Draugr in gameplay. He's explicitly stated to be able to carry the world with Atlas, but he struggles with chests, and Cory Barlog directly explained that he struggles with chests for the sake of gameplay—to give the player a bit more interaction.

Considering that the lore is essentially the story, and that author intent is told through the story, then lore is prioritized over gameplay. Gameplay should only be used when they're consistent with lore. That's why regular shooter game characters shouldn't be considered bulletproof or immortal even though they can rank bullets and respawn in gameplay, as that's generally not consistent with the story.

Likewise, if the lore states that a character has cosmic levels of power, but they can't even break a bit of stone due to gameplay limitations, then the lore should be prioritized, as *that* is the story.

Fromsoft tries to tie lore to gameplay more than the average games do, but even back in Demon's Souls, there were discrepancies, as the Slayer of Demon's could kill a demon that was capable of killing dragons with his bare hands as a human, but that same Slayer of Demon's would struggle immensely with killing Dragons even with weapons.

The Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone item description states that it's from a realm outside of time, and bends time to allow the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god. Meaning that any sort of weapon not capable of that would be unable to harm a god according to the lore.

There's also other examples like Meteorite of Astel, which is stated to have leveled a city, but in gameplay, it doesn't even cause any sort of environmental damage.
It isn't absurd. Like bioshock, fromsoftware games have gameplay elements that harmonizes with the story. I'm just having a simple disagreement on a character lol, chill
    'gameplay elements that harmonize with the story' isn't the same thing as 'virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay'

just take the L bro
        > 'virtually

look up what this means, bro
Fair point
Considering all the machinations we know of, I do get the distinct feeling that there is very little that does not stem from one outer god or another.
Well, not FA...
    Oh, well that’s still 4-5 birds I’ve missed since I only remember seeing one or two.
I want to add that there's some item description or dialog (its been far too long) that describes that basically, the more devoted you are to the faith/the more priestly you are, the more vicious and crazy of a beast you can become. I always assumed that Ludwig with just super super into the whole church thing, and with that magic sword boosting his faith even further, he lost himself way more than really anyone else.
    It's less of a faith thing and more the amount of blood consumed. The item you're talking about is likely the sword hunter badge. Still, my favourite thing about these games is that the lore can spark this kind of discussion. Very fun
        If it is [amount of blood consumed] then it would still make sense. He was THE hunter for quite a while, and probably got hurt and needed way more healing than the average joe.
        Sword Hunter Badge: “Ludwig was the first of many Healing Church hunters to come, many of whom were clerics. As it was, clerics transformed into the most hideous beasts."
No... just when he jumps, set a new height to calc the fall from. Making a torrent jump the same as solid ground would be very sloppy coding.
[deleted]
    Him taking fall damage? Intended 

Him dying past 20m? Not intended but they didn't care

If it isn't a limitation then why do bosses still die from 20m falls? Seems like they'd program them to not die that easily

I'm sure there is a way around it (they patched the fire giant cheese somehow) but I'm guessing it's not an easy fix as its not implemented often  (if at all, I'm pretty sure fire giant is the only exception to fall damage)

Edit: auto correct
        [deleted]
            You're talking to a bag of rocks with fingers. Im sorry.

Torrent's jumps are already tracked so that the second input makes him jump. Duh. You just add an extra not even a line of code that resets the height fallen variablr. If Torrent generates a ground surface when he doublejumps, just ignore the first height difference (off the cliff to double jump location) and account for height fallen after the second input.

Its not rocket science. Its basic logic. Really basic.
                preamble: I think it was a design decision, not an implementation issue.

but, it should be said that there’s a huge gap between basic logic and simplicity in implementation.
No? Just reset the number on a double jump. A direct change. You don't need to go in and program an environmental change to manipulate a variable you can edit directly.
BotW actually did every single thing better than FROM, except for combat.   
  
I don't want specific funnels.  Its an open world game.  You can guide the player without forcing them (they already implemented this with guiding grace).   In BotW you could go straight to wherever you wanted.  I didnt need to stare at a map and run around the same cliff for a fucking hour trying to get up/down.  It's a pain in the ass, and makes exploring one too.  That combined with the shit rewards (oh boy! another artorias leaf that Ill never use!) made me not even want to explore.   BotW mayve also had some lackluster gifts, but the world was a treat to explore.  You got to do interesting puzzles, and use interesting game mechanics, not just fight through annoying imp spam every dungeon.  Dont even get me started on the music.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        It's because of landscape design and funneling the player down certain paths at certain times towards certain points of interest. It's a level-design necessity.
Not to mention they’re the ones that give you the most OP ash of war in the game
Death Birds are the worst for me.  Fuck those guys.
Rykard wasn’t the only one consumed by a sinister creature…
    Sinister?
        Leonard’s eyes are *pretty* shifty… I think he has PLANS for The Lands Between.

Images of Ludwig….
        Eh, Radhan is a tricky bastard.
        I believe you meant stepsister, Oh no Step horse Leonard is stuck again 😂
More horse than a man, or maybe more man than a horse.
Guess he's just horsing around the whole fight.
Does the lore suggest that the carpet matches the drapes?
    No reason to believe the curse of the Fire Giants manifests only in the North.
        My God this comment thread is cursed. I love it
        This alone has turned this into the best thread I've read in a while
Technically that could be true, but if astel is called a malformed star, like he's an actual deformed star, do stars hsve genetic code. Why the fuck is he like not that big at all. Also that means stars form differently, meaning not like our stars.

However the main reason why I don't think this is the case is it'd simply make him too powerful, I mean he'd be much stronger than markia. I mean he lost to being nuked by rot, why didnt he just crush malenia with some grav. Malenia is clearly not planet level.

Also the stars literally move so their like our world in size but they move and fall like fictual stars, meaning they clearly already broke the rules of being like real life stars.

But yeah if he could hold back stars theirs absolutely nothing stopping him from literally crushing the planet or even the erdtree, or even us, into nothingness.

Thats just my logic, and I, with absolute conviction, believe these stars arent that big, unless you say otherwise you seen smart.
That's not necessarily true. Even if we assume that it's appropriate to calculate the forces involved in fiction like a sweaty powerscaler (which we shouldn't because that's not how it works), Limgrave is hollow. A fairly small meteor could have shattered the relatively thin layer of rock covering the Nokron-Siofra underground area, and evidently did, since Limgrave is no flattened and the Mistwood is largely intact.

It's also pure speculation how much power Radahn needed to hold back the stars, since we have no idea what exactly he did to them in the first place.
    You missed my point. Elements of realism are not present in in elden ring bc they would have implications that break the lore. A single 50m meteor can leave a [600 ft deep crater](https://meteorcrater.com) If he could hold this back he would have been stronger than the elden beast and capable of just smushing anything infront of him into the ground with ludicrous amounts of force which would make 0 sense lol. But at the same time he would need to be holding back some sizable meteors in order to leave such a massive crater too. He was clearly capable of lifting a considerable amount of mass with gravity magic as shown in the cutscene with him and malenia when he tears apart the ground lifting his swords in the flashiest way possible. Also there would be no excuse for gravity magic and gravity AoWs for being so mid if it could be used to smush things directly. So for lore and player combat a lot of things were made a bit nonsensical so ambiguity would aid it and keep people talking about it.
The Astel in Nokron was sent by the Greater Will, it's not a threat to the Golden Order.
    How do yall get this deep in the lore? Is it all in the item descriptions? Ive figured out a few things on my own that way but not nearly to the extent some of yall have.
        Osmosis.

(Also yes, mostly item descriptions. And dialogue sometimes. And a healthy dose of personal interpretation.)
But tbf any other demigod could've done so too, he was said to be the weakest by far and even Morgott's projection is stronger than him. If he decided to end Godrick's foolish ambitions, it would just be a small trip for him to fuck him up and noone would know it was Morgott since they don't know their king is an omen.
    But none did do anything, part if the reason the worlds so shit atm
        Tearing down someone's evil regime's nice and all but who's going to build things back up again, and will the power vacuum create worse strife?
Luckily for us Nepheli Loux steps in although it'll probably be Gostoc and The Great Kenneth Haight running the show.
    But obviously none of them wanted to. Morgott was protecting him, even.
There are actually some good videos that go deeper into Ranni's ending. There's this idea that she is actually evil but this stems from some mistakes made in the localization. In her Japanese dialogs she says that she hates the fact that the life on earth is determined by the order established by the great will. She wants to set the world free from such dependence by moving the order into the starts so that no man can fight again to put his hands on such power.
    Yeah I know about the translation but still the golden order is something that is beneficial for everyone especially with fia’s or Gold mask’s endings, if the world is already great for everyone why change it?
That's really not unusual for a warlord and both Malenias and Miquellas troops are also extremely loyal.

They only one who doesn't appear to have any loyal followers is Godrick.
    Very true! Miquella would also be a super good candidate for a “Good” demigod if he hadn’t been kidnapped by Mohg; he was incredibly beloved by everyone, created unalloyed gold specifically to help his sister manage her scarlet rot, and left to painstakingly grow his own special healing tree when it was clear the Erdtree wasn’t going to do shit about his and Malenia’s curses. 

Also it’s implied the reason Godrick doesn’t have any loyal followers is because they all died or deserted after his disastrous attack on the capital. All he has left are sellswords, mercenaries, and exiles.
        I think there was also some stuff about Godrick himself rejecting his few remaining troops because he blamed them for his losses rather than himself. That is how the bandits working with Patches became bandits.
        Miquella is basically maxed out charisma

he could have been manipulating his followers for sure
            Miquella’s on the edge between charisma and manipulation. There’s definitely a magical aspect to it, but it’s certainly not mind-control. Miquella certainly doesn’t seem malicious or evil, he just wants to cure his and his sister’s curses. I’ve even wondered if part of Mohg’s “attraction” to Miquella is an unintended side-effect of Miquella’s charisma aura; Mohg may have initially just wanted to kidnap and Moghwyn-ify him but his ambition combined with Miquella’s magic presence led to the twisted situation
        One of the powers of miquella is being loved by everyone, and the unalloyed gold in the head of the soldiers(everything that haves it) amplify the power and let miquella absolute manipulation
            Is that evidence for you that he is bad person or someone tjat is hated by all of his people.
            Is there a source for that? I know that unalloyed gold is used to ward off scarlet rot and the outer gods, but I don't remember them also amplifying miquellas power
    Some say Godrick's followers are still giving him a hand to this day!
The point isn't that they're not individually dangerous, it's that they were never a frequent, regular threat such that Radahn would have taken measures against them.

Additionally, they show up regardless of Radahn's alleged protection, and there aren't more of them after he dies. So clearly that's not what his conquest of the stars was about.
    well the ones that are around could predate his conquest of the heavens, but I think that the idea that they aren't a major threat is incorrect.

Think about it you only need one malformed star to level a city, similar to a nuke you only need one.
There’s nothing really implying that Radahn wants anything but that either. Holding the stars in place is only ever shown to be a nuisance to Ranni, who is actively plotting and acting against the Greater Will.
The story trailer clarifies it a bit, the stealing of the rune of death, Night of the Black Knives, and murder of Godwyn the Golden was the inciting incident that drove Marika to shatter the Elden Ring, which then led to her disappearance, distribution of the great runes, and the Shattering wars.
If you leave your status screen open, the Grafted Scion only drops you to 1 hp so the PC definitely survives the encounter
    Wonder if that functions like that if you beat the grafted scion.

For anyone unaware, if you beat the scion it'll drop some weapons and the fog gate to leave will fade. You'll step forward and see some butterflies at the edge of the cliff. You walk out to touch the butterflies and the cliff falls apart underfoot and you fall to "YOU DIED". Cause FromSoft. Ends up in exactly the same tutorial location.
        oh, thats why the cliff is there. thats the spot you get teleported to from the belfrie tower. i turned around and just died
        I think it was on either one of Zullie's videos or a tweet, that the game keeps a death counter for how many times your character has died. They found that losing to the grafted scion does not increment the counter, but beating it and falling off the cliff does
            I died 2,147,483,647 times. My game doesn't work anymore.
Thanks for the info. That's always been something I wasn't sure about.
Did you seriously steal someone else's comment from this post? What are you? A karma farming bot?
You mean the platforming section? Because I died every time I fell…
There's no mention of them losing their grace, and from what we know, the Greater Will isn't the one who controls who has grace and who doesn't. Marika is said to have granted the early grace-given their grace and is the one who took away grace from The Tarnished and was planning on giving it back to them iirc.

It's also implied that the Greater Will just straight-up abandoned The Lands Between. It's mostly just been the Two-Fingers trying to salvage everything. Given that most beings still possess grace, it's clear that grace doesn't stem from the Greater Will.

There's also the fact that the Two-Fingers stated that Marika could continue to rule as a god, despite the fact that she had acted against the goals of the Greater Will before and even broke the Elden Ring, which caused the entire mess. I find it hard to believe that they'd completely reject the Demigods for committing relatively minor sins while they're willing to forgive Marika for a cardinal sin, even when they already have potential replacements for her.
    This is where I’m confused, because I’m almost certain an NPC (cannot remember whom) explicitly tells you that your mission as tarnished is to kill the demigods, as they have betrayed the golden order and lost their grace.  It is why we are literally guided by grace to kill them and rebuild the Elden Ring.

Now we betray Grace/Two Fingers/Greater Will/whatever~ once we defeat Morgott and aspire to ascend to the mountaintops.  I have a personal theory that it’s partly why Godfrey was drawn back to the Tree to retake his place as Elden Lord, because Grace abandoned us.  Again I could be wrong but I feel like this was explicitly said in game…
        I've looked around, and I couldn't find anything about them losing grace. The closest thing to that comes from dialogue with Enia and the Two-Fingers, who essentially say that they Greater Will had given up on the Demogods, as none of them were able to become Elden Lord. They don't say anything about having taken away their grace, just that they'll have their great runes taken away by force.

They're implying that it's because of the Demigods' inability to become lord that they've called upon the Tarnished to take them out and take the throne instead, not because of the Demigods committing sin by taking part in the Shattering.
            Oh interesting.  I might have extrapolated.  I definitely conflate the GW and Grace, which you say above they are very different with different goals.

Why would grace guide us to kill the Demigods, then… is there a story-based reason for it, or is it just “game-feel” related?
How would Seath do that? Are there any item descriptions or dialogue for this? Because we've never seen such a thing anywhere else.

Also, I'm pretty sure you drop bloodstains when similar things happen in Bloodborne and Elden Ring as well.
    While it's unclear *exactly* how he does it, it's no great stretch whatsoever. Seath is canonically one of the most knowledgeable beings about the nature of life and death in the Souls universe. He lives in a vast library of archives where he has done nothing but research immortality for thousands of years. He has successfully grown the crystals which contributed to the longevity of the ancient dragons, has successfully abducted many people in the past in a variety of ways, has been a close confidante and advisor of Gwyn (who originally placed the undead curse on humanity), and his own attacks inflict the curse status effect.

Moreover, there is a very conspicuous bonfire in the cage where you go after he kills you, and it is clearly manipulated as it is cut off from the others for the purpose of warping, and is not the one at which you last rested. The mechanics are frequently part of the storytelling in Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, and I believe that occasion is no exception. You have to lose all of your HP for the Seath encounter to advance you to the cage; when that happens, you die.

I can't speak to the similar occasions in the later games. I'm not as acquainted with their lore, and, again, I think FromSoft was more careless about this kind of stuff in their more recent releases---especially when it comes to simply copying things over from earlier titles.
        Is there a connection between the undead curse and sorcery? I always thought those were completely separate areas of magic, and Seath was entirely focused on sorcery iirc. 

Also, if Seath is able to manipulate where our soul ends up, why doesn't he just toss us into an abyss if he kills us in the rematch? Or into a different prison cell. And why haven't we seen anything like that in DS2 or DS3 (unless I'm forgetting something from those).

If that's what he canonically did, then I feel like it has a lot of plot holes.
            It's not our soul. It's our body. You may be confusing the lore of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls there.

He's obviously waiting for us when we arrive at the archives, and he is obviously not waiting for us when we escape the cell and infiltrate the crystal caves. I'm not sure what you mean by your question about a different cell; we're trapped in that one *because* that's the one with the manipulated bonfire in it. And curse is *not* a form of sorcery as far as we know, which is why it is significant that Seath also personally wields curse as an attack.

But again, the particular details of the functioning of his trap are not explicitly explained to us in the game. Few things in Dark Souls are given the level of specificity that you seem to be requesting. To access the story and world details, players are expected to be able to connect the dots with the partial information they are given, and other things are just left open to interpretation. We simply don't know why Seath is able to do it when he is ready for us in the archives, and not when we surprise him in the caves. Perhaps it requires some preparation, or some proximity to the manipulated bonfire.

Your list of questions about other things he might have done or other points in other games where it might've happened doesn't contain any plot holes, so your mention of plot holes is somewhat odd. The player-character loses all their hit points; the game says 'You Died'; they drop a bloodstain; they respawn at a bonfire. That is what happens when the player-character dies in Dark Souls. It's obviously Seath's fault when the bonfire they respawn at this time is in a cage in Seath's personal prison ward. These are not difficult dots to connect.
Yes, necessarily. That's how *all* living beings come back to life. From the lowest insect to the highest lord.  They don't even necessarily return to life in their own body, as all of those jellyfish-looking things are formerly children who've been reincarnated.

None of what you're saying is present in the lore.

The only difference is where they're buried, as those with higher honors get buried closer to the base of the Erdtree right at the roots. Others just get buried in catacombs.

No, he doesn't send us anywhere; he's not able to do anything like that. It's simply the roundtable hold. The reason why NPCs aren't there is to prevent the player from accidentally killing them. 
There's nothing in-lore physically preventing us from attacking others in the roundtable. It's just the player character choosing not to attack anything, just like in the Grand Library, the Radahn Festival gathering, Volcano Manor, etc.

Unlike in Dark Souls, which has a convoluted flow of reality that allows for parallel timelines to cross into each other, there is no such thing in Elden Ring. 

Other universes would be a *significant* change to the cosmology as we know it, but there isn't a single bit of dialogue or item description that actually supports it.

Releasing Destined Death is exactly what it's said to be—it releases the concept of Death into the world to allow for a true death. Releasing it allows for "death, indiscriminate" as opposed to only the body dying, and those given grace being allowed to live once again.
    [deleted]
        I just looked up all of Gideon's dialogue, and I couldn't find any such statement. No, he absolutely does not control the roundtable. If anyone at all does, it would be the two-fingers, but even that doesn't have any evidence supporting it.

The exact same thing happens in plenty of different areas in the game without any explanation whatsoever. You're just coming up with headcanon.
Sounds like you just don't understand how games and power-scaling work. You have to go off of author-intent, which is told in the lore, not the gameplay. Otherwise, you end up with street-level Kratos and Dante who can't even bust walls despite the fact that they've killed cosmic beings explicitly stated to be far above that.

The fact that you think the Tarnished being able to survive any fall is "wank" when they can kill gods which explicitly require literal time-bending levels of power to be harmed is utterly absurd and only makes you seem incredibly biased.
    Haven't played dmc but kratos has gameplay  feats that qualify his godhood. 

I do agree with taking author intent into consideration! I just don't think we should cherrypick which gameplay elements to ignore when judging a character, especially in fromsoftware games that tries to unify the gameplay and lore as as well as it does. Otherwise they just get wanked higher than most people's interpretation of the character when playing the game. Like, what does time-bending levels of power even mean, and does that really say anything about the characters durability? Not that it matters, but it's fun to talk abt

I appreciate the reply lol
        Kratos and Dante in gameplay can't even bust walls. They can shatter small amounts of stone/concrete at most with their more powerful moves, whereas in the lore, they're capable of defeating cosmic beings that damage the fabric of reality. 
Kratos scales to Ouranus, who created the universe with his birth, as well as to Thor and Jormungandr who broke apart time and destroyed the Yggdrasil with their fight, yet he can get get easily killed by Draugr in gameplay. He's explicitly stated to be able to carry the world with Atlas, but he struggles with chests, and Cory Barlog directly explained that he struggles with chests for the sake of gameplay—to give the player a bit more interaction.

Considering that the lore is essentially the story, and that author intent is told through the story, then lore is prioritized over gameplay. Gameplay should only be used when they're consistent with lore. That's why regular shooter game characters shouldn't be considered bulletproof or immortal even though they can rank bullets and respawn in gameplay, as that's generally not consistent with the story.

Likewise, if the lore states that a character has cosmic levels of power, but they can't even break a bit of stone due to gameplay limitations, then the lore should be prioritized, as *that* is the story.

Fromsoft tries to tie lore to gameplay more than the average games do, but even back in Demon's Souls, there were discrepancies, as the Slayer of Demon's could kill a demon that was capable of killing dragons with his bare hands as a human, but that same Slayer of Demon's would struggle immensely with killing Dragons even with weapons.

The Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone item description states that it's from a realm outside of time, and bends time to allow the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god. Meaning that any sort of weapon not capable of that would be unable to harm a god according to the lore.

There's also other examples like Meteorite of Astel, which is stated to have leveled a city, but in gameplay, it doesn't even cause any sort of environmental damage.
'gameplay elements that harmonize with the story' isn't the same thing as 'virtually no distinction between lore and gameplay'

just take the L bro
    > 'virtually

look up what this means, bro
Oh, well that’s still 4-5 birds I’ve missed since I only remember seeing one or two.
It's less of a faith thing and more the amount of blood consumed. The item you're talking about is likely the sword hunter badge. Still, my favourite thing about these games is that the lore can spark this kind of discussion. Very fun
    If it is [amount of blood consumed] then it would still make sense. He was THE hunter for quite a while, and probably got hurt and needed way more healing than the average joe.
    Sword Hunter Badge: “Ludwig was the first of many Healing Church hunters to come, many of whom were clerics. As it was, clerics transformed into the most hideous beasts."
Him taking fall damage? Intended 

Him dying past 20m? Not intended but they didn't care

If it isn't a limitation then why do bosses still die from 20m falls? Seems like they'd program them to not die that easily

I'm sure there is a way around it (they patched the fire giant cheese somehow) but I'm guessing it's not an easy fix as its not implemented often  (if at all, I'm pretty sure fire giant is the only exception to fall damage)

Edit: auto correct
    [deleted]
        You're talking to a bag of rocks with fingers. Im sorry.

Torrent's jumps are already tracked so that the second input makes him jump. Duh. You just add an extra not even a line of code that resets the height fallen variablr. If Torrent generates a ground surface when he doublejumps, just ignore the first height difference (off the cliff to double jump location) and account for height fallen after the second input.

Its not rocket science. Its basic logic. Really basic.
            preamble: I think it was a design decision, not an implementation issue.

but, it should be said that there’s a huge gap between basic logic and simplicity in implementation.
[deleted]
    It's because of landscape design and funneling the player down certain paths at certain times towards certain points of interest. It's a level-design necessity.
Sinister?
    Leonard’s eyes are *pretty* shifty… I think he has PLANS for The Lands Between.

Images of Ludwig….
    Eh, Radhan is a tricky bastard.
    I believe you meant stepsister, Oh no Step horse Leonard is stuck again 😂
No reason to believe the curse of the Fire Giants manifests only in the North.
    My God this comment thread is cursed. I love it
    This alone has turned this into the best thread I've read in a while
You missed my point. Elements of realism are not present in in elden ring bc they would have implications that break the lore. A single 50m meteor can leave a [600 ft deep crater](https://meteorcrater.com) If he could hold this back he would have been stronger than the elden beast and capable of just smushing anything infront of him into the ground with ludicrous amounts of force which would make 0 sense lol. But at the same time he would need to be holding back some sizable meteors in order to leave such a massive crater too. He was clearly capable of lifting a considerable amount of mass with gravity magic as shown in the cutscene with him and malenia when he tears apart the ground lifting his swords in the flashiest way possible. Also there would be no excuse for gravity magic and gravity AoWs for being so mid if it could be used to smush things directly. So for lore and player combat a lot of things were made a bit nonsensical so ambiguity would aid it and keep people talking about it.
How do yall get this deep in the lore? Is it all in the item descriptions? Ive figured out a few things on my own that way but not nearly to the extent some of yall have.
    Osmosis.

(Also yes, mostly item descriptions. And dialogue sometimes. And a healthy dose of personal interpretation.)
But none did do anything, part if the reason the worlds so shit atm
    Tearing down someone's evil regime's nice and all but who's going to build things back up again, and will the power vacuum create worse strife?
Luckily for us Nepheli Loux steps in although it'll probably be Gostoc and The Great Kenneth Haight running the show.
But obviously none of them wanted to. Morgott was protecting him, even.
Yeah I know about the translation but still the golden order is something that is beneficial for everyone especially with fia’s or Gold mask’s endings, if the world is already great for everyone why change it?
Very true! Miquella would also be a super good candidate for a “Good” demigod if he hadn’t been kidnapped by Mohg; he was incredibly beloved by everyone, created unalloyed gold specifically to help his sister manage her scarlet rot, and left to painstakingly grow his own special healing tree when it was clear the Erdtree wasn’t going to do shit about his and Malenia’s curses. 

Also it’s implied the reason Godrick doesn’t have any loyal followers is because they all died or deserted after his disastrous attack on the capital. All he has left are sellswords, mercenaries, and exiles.
    I think there was also some stuff about Godrick himself rejecting his few remaining troops because he blamed them for his losses rather than himself. That is how the bandits working with Patches became bandits.
    Miquella is basically maxed out charisma

he could have been manipulating his followers for sure
        Miquella’s on the edge between charisma and manipulation. There’s definitely a magical aspect to it, but it’s certainly not mind-control. Miquella certainly doesn’t seem malicious or evil, he just wants to cure his and his sister’s curses. I’ve even wondered if part of Mohg’s “attraction” to Miquella is an unintended side-effect of Miquella’s charisma aura; Mohg may have initially just wanted to kidnap and Moghwyn-ify him but his ambition combined with Miquella’s magic presence led to the twisted situation
    One of the powers of miquella is being loved by everyone, and the unalloyed gold in the head of the soldiers(everything that haves it) amplify the power and let miquella absolute manipulation
        Is that evidence for you that he is bad person or someone tjat is hated by all of his people.
        Is there a source for that? I know that unalloyed gold is used to ward off scarlet rot and the outer gods, but I don't remember them also amplifying miquellas power
Some say Godrick's followers are still giving him a hand to this day!
well the ones that are around could predate his conquest of the heavens, but I think that the idea that they aren't a major threat is incorrect.

Think about it you only need one malformed star to level a city, similar to a nuke you only need one.
Wonder if that functions like that if you beat the grafted scion.

For anyone unaware, if you beat the scion it'll drop some weapons and the fog gate to leave will fade. You'll step forward and see some butterflies at the edge of the cliff. You walk out to touch the butterflies and the cliff falls apart underfoot and you fall to "YOU DIED". Cause FromSoft. Ends up in exactly the same tutorial location.
    oh, thats why the cliff is there. thats the spot you get teleported to from the belfrie tower. i turned around and just died
    I think it was on either one of Zullie's videos or a tweet, that the game keeps a death counter for how many times your character has died. They found that losing to the grafted scion does not increment the counter, but beating it and falling off the cliff does
        I died 2,147,483,647 times. My game doesn't work anymore.
This is where I’m confused, because I’m almost certain an NPC (cannot remember whom) explicitly tells you that your mission as tarnished is to kill the demigods, as they have betrayed the golden order and lost their grace.  It is why we are literally guided by grace to kill them and rebuild the Elden Ring.

Now we betray Grace/Two Fingers/Greater Will/whatever~ once we defeat Morgott and aspire to ascend to the mountaintops.  I have a personal theory that it’s partly why Godfrey was drawn back to the Tree to retake his place as Elden Lord, because Grace abandoned us.  Again I could be wrong but I feel like this was explicitly said in game…
    I've looked around, and I couldn't find anything about them losing grace. The closest thing to that comes from dialogue with Enia and the Two-Fingers, who essentially say that they Greater Will had given up on the Demogods, as none of them were able to become Elden Lord. They don't say anything about having taken away their grace, just that they'll have their great runes taken away by force.

They're implying that it's because of the Demigods' inability to become lord that they've called upon the Tarnished to take them out and take the throne instead, not because of the Demigods committing sin by taking part in the Shattering.
        Oh interesting.  I might have extrapolated.  I definitely conflate the GW and Grace, which you say above they are very different with different goals.

Why would grace guide us to kill the Demigods, then… is there a story-based reason for it, or is it just “game-feel” related?
While it's unclear *exactly* how he does it, it's no great stretch whatsoever. Seath is canonically one of the most knowledgeable beings about the nature of life and death in the Souls universe. He lives in a vast library of archives where he has done nothing but research immortality for thousands of years. He has successfully grown the crystals which contributed to the longevity of the ancient dragons, has successfully abducted many people in the past in a variety of ways, has been a close confidante and advisor of Gwyn (who originally placed the undead curse on humanity), and his own attacks inflict the curse status effect.

Moreover, there is a very conspicuous bonfire in the cage where you go after he kills you, and it is clearly manipulated as it is cut off from the others for the purpose of warping, and is not the one at which you last rested. The mechanics are frequently part of the storytelling in Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, and I believe that occasion is no exception. You have to lose all of your HP for the Seath encounter to advance you to the cage; when that happens, you die.

I can't speak to the similar occasions in the later games. I'm not as acquainted with their lore, and, again, I think FromSoft was more careless about this kind of stuff in their more recent releases---especially when it comes to simply copying things over from earlier titles.
    Is there a connection between the undead curse and sorcery? I always thought those were completely separate areas of magic, and Seath was entirely focused on sorcery iirc. 

Also, if Seath is able to manipulate where our soul ends up, why doesn't he just toss us into an abyss if he kills us in the rematch? Or into a different prison cell. And why haven't we seen anything like that in DS2 or DS3 (unless I'm forgetting something from those).

If that's what he canonically did, then I feel like it has a lot of plot holes.
        It's not our soul. It's our body. You may be confusing the lore of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls there.

He's obviously waiting for us when we arrive at the archives, and he is obviously not waiting for us when we escape the cell and infiltrate the crystal caves. I'm not sure what you mean by your question about a different cell; we're trapped in that one *because* that's the one with the manipulated bonfire in it. And curse is *not* a form of sorcery as far as we know, which is why it is significant that Seath also personally wields curse as an attack.

But again, the particular details of the functioning of his trap are not explicitly explained to us in the game. Few things in Dark Souls are given the level of specificity that you seem to be requesting. To access the story and world details, players are expected to be able to connect the dots with the partial information they are given, and other things are just left open to interpretation. We simply don't know why Seath is able to do it when he is ready for us in the archives, and not when we surprise him in the caves. Perhaps it requires some preparation, or some proximity to the manipulated bonfire.

Your list of questions about other things he might have done or other points in other games where it might've happened doesn't contain any plot holes, so your mention of plot holes is somewhat odd. The player-character loses all their hit points; the game says 'You Died'; they drop a bloodstain; they respawn at a bonfire. That is what happens when the player-character dies in Dark Souls. It's obviously Seath's fault when the bonfire they respawn at this time is in a cage in Seath's personal prison ward. These are not difficult dots to connect.
[deleted]
    I just looked up all of Gideon's dialogue, and I couldn't find any such statement. No, he absolutely does not control the roundtable. If anyone at all does, it would be the two-fingers, but even that doesn't have any evidence supporting it.

The exact same thing happens in plenty of different areas in the game without any explanation whatsoever. You're just coming up with headcanon.
Haven't played dmc but kratos has gameplay  feats that qualify his godhood. 

I do agree with taking author intent into consideration! I just don't think we should cherrypick which gameplay elements to ignore when judging a character, especially in fromsoftware games that tries to unify the gameplay and lore as as well as it does. Otherwise they just get wanked higher than most people's interpretation of the character when playing the game. Like, what does time-bending levels of power even mean, and does that really say anything about the characters durability? Not that it matters, but it's fun to talk abt

I appreciate the reply lol
    Kratos and Dante in gameplay can't even bust walls. They can shatter small amounts of stone/concrete at most with their more powerful moves, whereas in the lore, they're capable of defeating cosmic beings that damage the fabric of reality. 
Kratos scales to Ouranus, who created the universe with his birth, as well as to Thor and Jormungandr who broke apart time and destroyed the Yggdrasil with their fight, yet he can get get easily killed by Draugr in gameplay. He's explicitly stated to be able to carry the world with Atlas, but he struggles with chests, and Cory Barlog directly explained that he struggles with chests for the sake of gameplay—to give the player a bit more interaction.

Considering that the lore is essentially the story, and that author intent is told through the story, then lore is prioritized over gameplay. Gameplay should only be used when they're consistent with lore. That's why regular shooter game characters shouldn't be considered bulletproof or immortal even though they can rank bullets and respawn in gameplay, as that's generally not consistent with the story.

Likewise, if the lore states that a character has cosmic levels of power, but they can't even break a bit of stone due to gameplay limitations, then the lore should be prioritized, as *that* is the story.

Fromsoft tries to tie lore to gameplay more than the average games do, but even back in Demon's Souls, there were discrepancies, as the Slayer of Demon's could kill a demon that was capable of killing dragons with his bare hands as a human, but that same Slayer of Demon's would struggle immensely with killing Dragons even with weapons.

The Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone item description states that it's from a realm outside of time, and bends time to allow the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god. Meaning that any sort of weapon not capable of that would be unable to harm a god according to the lore.

There's also other examples like Meteorite of Astel, which is stated to have leveled a city, but in gameplay, it doesn't even cause any sort of environmental damage.
> 'virtually

look up what this means, bro
If it is [amount of blood consumed] then it would still make sense. He was THE hunter for quite a while, and probably got hurt and needed way more healing than the average joe.
Sword Hunter Badge: “Ludwig was the first of many Healing Church hunters to come, many of whom were clerics. As it was, clerics transformed into the most hideous beasts."
[deleted]
    You're talking to a bag of rocks with fingers. Im sorry.

Torrent's jumps are already tracked so that the second input makes him jump. Duh. You just add an extra not even a line of code that resets the height fallen variablr. If Torrent generates a ground surface when he doublejumps, just ignore the first height difference (off the cliff to double jump location) and account for height fallen after the second input.

Its not rocket science. Its basic logic. Really basic.
        preamble: I think it was a design decision, not an implementation issue.

but, it should be said that there’s a huge gap between basic logic and simplicity in implementation.
It's because of landscape design and funneling the player down certain paths at certain times towards certain points of interest. It's a level-design necessity.
Leonard’s eyes are *pretty* shifty… I think he has PLANS for The Lands Between.

Images of Ludwig….
Eh, Radhan is a tricky bastard.
I believe you meant stepsister, Oh no Step horse Leonard is stuck again 😂
My God this comment thread is cursed. I love it
This alone has turned this into the best thread I've read in a while
Osmosis.

(Also yes, mostly item descriptions. And dialogue sometimes. And a healthy dose of personal interpretation.)
Tearing down someone's evil regime's nice and all but who's going to build things back up again, and will the power vacuum create worse strife?
Luckily for us Nepheli Loux steps in although it'll probably be Gostoc and The Great Kenneth Haight running the show.
I think there was also some stuff about Godrick himself rejecting his few remaining troops because he blamed them for his losses rather than himself. That is how the bandits working with Patches became bandits.
Miquella is basically maxed out charisma

he could have been manipulating his followers for sure
    Miquella’s on the edge between charisma and manipulation. There’s definitely a magical aspect to it, but it’s certainly not mind-control. Miquella certainly doesn’t seem malicious or evil, he just wants to cure his and his sister’s curses. I’ve even wondered if part of Mohg’s “attraction” to Miquella is an unintended side-effect of Miquella’s charisma aura; Mohg may have initially just wanted to kidnap and Moghwyn-ify him but his ambition combined with Miquella’s magic presence led to the twisted situation
One of the powers of miquella is being loved by everyone, and the unalloyed gold in the head of the soldiers(everything that haves it) amplify the power and let miquella absolute manipulation
    Is that evidence for you that he is bad person or someone tjat is hated by all of his people.
    Is there a source for that? I know that unalloyed gold is used to ward off scarlet rot and the outer gods, but I don't remember them also amplifying miquellas power
oh, thats why the cliff is there. thats the spot you get teleported to from the belfrie tower. i turned around and just died
I think it was on either one of Zullie's videos or a tweet, that the game keeps a death counter for how many times your character has died. They found that losing to the grafted scion does not increment the counter, but beating it and falling off the cliff does
    I died 2,147,483,647 times. My game doesn't work anymore.
I've looked around, and I couldn't find anything about them losing grace. The closest thing to that comes from dialogue with Enia and the Two-Fingers, who essentially say that they Greater Will had given up on the Demogods, as none of them were able to become Elden Lord. They don't say anything about having taken away their grace, just that they'll have their great runes taken away by force.

They're implying that it's because of the Demigods' inability to become lord that they've called upon the Tarnished to take them out and take the throne instead, not because of the Demigods committing sin by taking part in the Shattering.
    Oh interesting.  I might have extrapolated.  I definitely conflate the GW and Grace, which you say above they are very different with different goals.

Why would grace guide us to kill the Demigods, then… is there a story-based reason for it, or is it just “game-feel” related?
Is there a connection between the undead curse and sorcery? I always thought those were completely separate areas of magic, and Seath was entirely focused on sorcery iirc. 

Also, if Seath is able to manipulate where our soul ends up, why doesn't he just toss us into an abyss if he kills us in the rematch? Or into a different prison cell. And why haven't we seen anything like that in DS2 or DS3 (unless I'm forgetting something from those).

If that's what he canonically did, then I feel like it has a lot of plot holes.
    It's not our soul. It's our body. You may be confusing the lore of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls there.

He's obviously waiting for us when we arrive at the archives, and he is obviously not waiting for us when we escape the cell and infiltrate the crystal caves. I'm not sure what you mean by your question about a different cell; we're trapped in that one *because* that's the one with the manipulated bonfire in it. And curse is *not* a form of sorcery as far as we know, which is why it is significant that Seath also personally wields curse as an attack.

But again, the particular details of the functioning of his trap are not explicitly explained to us in the game. Few things in Dark Souls are given the level of specificity that you seem to be requesting. To access the story and world details, players are expected to be able to connect the dots with the partial information they are given, and other things are just left open to interpretation. We simply don't know why Seath is able to do it when he is ready for us in the archives, and not when we surprise him in the caves. Perhaps it requires some preparation, or some proximity to the manipulated bonfire.

Your list of questions about other things he might have done or other points in other games where it might've happened doesn't contain any plot holes, so your mention of plot holes is somewhat odd. The player-character loses all their hit points; the game says 'You Died'; they drop a bloodstain; they respawn at a bonfire. That is what happens when the player-character dies in Dark Souls. It's obviously Seath's fault when the bonfire they respawn at this time is in a cage in Seath's personal prison ward. These are not difficult dots to connect.
I just looked up all of Gideon's dialogue, and I couldn't find any such statement. No, he absolutely does not control the roundtable. If anyone at all does, it would be the two-fingers, but even that doesn't have any evidence supporting it.

The exact same thing happens in plenty of different areas in the game without any explanation whatsoever. You're just coming up with headcanon.
Kratos and Dante in gameplay can't even bust walls. They can shatter small amounts of stone/concrete at most with their more powerful moves, whereas in the lore, they're capable of defeating cosmic beings that damage the fabric of reality. 
Kratos scales to Ouranus, who created the universe with his birth, as well as to Thor and Jormungandr who broke apart time and destroyed the Yggdrasil with their fight, yet he can get get easily killed by Draugr in gameplay. He's explicitly stated to be able to carry the world with Atlas, but he struggles with chests, and Cory Barlog directly explained that he struggles with chests for the sake of gameplay—to give the player a bit more interaction.

Considering that the lore is essentially the story, and that author intent is told through the story, then lore is prioritized over gameplay. Gameplay should only be used when they're consistent with lore. That's why regular shooter game characters shouldn't be considered bulletproof or immortal even though they can rank bullets and respawn in gameplay, as that's generally not consistent with the story.

Likewise, if the lore states that a character has cosmic levels of power, but they can't even break a bit of stone due to gameplay limitations, then the lore should be prioritized, as *that* is the story.

Fromsoft tries to tie lore to gameplay more than the average games do, but even back in Demon's Souls, there were discrepancies, as the Slayer of Demon's could kill a demon that was capable of killing dragons with his bare hands as a human, but that same Slayer of Demon's would struggle immensely with killing Dragons even with weapons.

The Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone item description states that it's from a realm outside of time, and bends time to allow the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god. Meaning that any sort of weapon not capable of that would be unable to harm a god according to the lore.

There's also other examples like Meteorite of Astel, which is stated to have leveled a city, but in gameplay, it doesn't even cause any sort of environmental damage.
You're talking to a bag of rocks with fingers. Im sorry.

Torrent's jumps are already tracked so that the second input makes him jump. Duh. You just add an extra not even a line of code that resets the height fallen variablr. If Torrent generates a ground surface when he doublejumps, just ignore the first height difference (off the cliff to double jump location) and account for height fallen after the second input.

Its not rocket science. Its basic logic. Really basic.
    preamble: I think it was a design decision, not an implementation issue.

but, it should be said that there’s a huge gap between basic logic and simplicity in implementation.
Miquella’s on the edge between charisma and manipulation. There’s definitely a magical aspect to it, but it’s certainly not mind-control. Miquella certainly doesn’t seem malicious or evil, he just wants to cure his and his sister’s curses. I’ve even wondered if part of Mohg’s “attraction” to Miquella is an unintended side-effect of Miquella’s charisma aura; Mohg may have initially just wanted to kidnap and Moghwyn-ify him but his ambition combined with Miquella’s magic presence led to the twisted situation
Is that evidence for you that he is bad person or someone tjat is hated by all of his people.
Is there a source for that? I know that unalloyed gold is used to ward off scarlet rot and the outer gods, but I don't remember them also amplifying miquellas power
I died 2,147,483,647 times. My game doesn't work anymore.
Oh interesting.  I might have extrapolated.  I definitely conflate the GW and Grace, which you say above they are very different with different goals.

Why would grace guide us to kill the Demigods, then… is there a story-based reason for it, or is it just “game-feel” related?
It's not our soul. It's our body. You may be confusing the lore of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls there.

He's obviously waiting for us when we arrive at the archives, and he is obviously not waiting for us when we escape the cell and infiltrate the crystal caves. I'm not sure what you mean by your question about a different cell; we're trapped in that one *because* that's the one with the manipulated bonfire in it. And curse is *not* a form of sorcery as far as we know, which is why it is significant that Seath also personally wields curse as an attack.

But again, the particular details of the functioning of his trap are not explicitly explained to us in the game. Few things in Dark Souls are given the level of specificity that you seem to be requesting. To access the story and world details, players are expected to be able to connect the dots with the partial information they are given, and other things are just left open to interpretation. We simply don't know why Seath is able to do it when he is ready for us in the archives, and not when we surprise him in the caves. Perhaps it requires some preparation, or some proximity to the manipulated bonfire.

Your list of questions about other things he might have done or other points in other games where it might've happened doesn't contain any plot holes, so your mention of plot holes is somewhat odd. The player-character loses all their hit points; the game says 'You Died'; they drop a bloodstain; they respawn at a bonfire. That is what happens when the player-character dies in Dark Souls. It's obviously Seath's fault when the bonfire they respawn at this time is in a cage in Seath's personal prison ward. These are not difficult dots to connect.
preamble: I think it was a design decision, not an implementation issue.

but, it should be said that there’s a huge gap between basic logic and simplicity in implementation.
