[[Do you consider Rebirth a masterpiece]]


My opinion: yes. 
What’s yours? 


A genuinely staggering achievement from start to finish. 

You never know what is going to happen next, each new chapter is 10% what you expect and 90% a fresh new experience with new mechanics, gameplay and features  that are either a fun diversion or a game changing new way to play the game.

Unless The Great Circle comes with a free handjob, yeah it's GOTY and nothing else can come close.
    This is one thing that I noticed, that you also brought up: just when you thought that you had gotten all of the mechanics figured out, they introduce a new one. 

I was like “wait, there’s _more?_”
    Never knew what was going to happen next....except if you have played the OG you know exactly what happened at the end of the game.
Yes. Its invoked feelings of nostalgia that I havent felt in a very long time. Its a magical experience.
    Same. I feel kind of stupid saying this but a video game hasn’t made me feel this way since 1997.
        Junon got me bad. Goosebumps the entire time.
    Hopefully part 3 will be even more ground breaking and amazing, I have the huge concern that the bar is already set too high and the most beautiful and emotional events of the original already happened in Rebirth but hopefully I’m wrong, I never played the original.
        Let me assure you, the third act of this game is *baller* and part 3 is going to be incredible, fully independent of how they decide to resolve any of the timeline fuckery.

I can't wait.
            It’s final fantasy. It’s going to be extremely vague. Because Japanese people are extremely vague. But that’s not going to stop me from thoroughly enjoying something that’s extremely vague. I need more extreme vagueness in my life.
        Don't forget we should see Tifa beat up Scarlet in this one, that's one emotional event
            Yuffie and Barrett got serious beef with her too
            I am SO excited for the slap fight
            Omfg I cannot wait for that part!!!
            OP literally just said they never played the OG and your reply is "don't forget this event from the OG that will be in part 3 and that you don't know about yet".

I mean it's not a major spoiler luckily but just why lol? They obviously don't know what's coming and gave no indication of wanting to know.
        We havent even gotten into the big stuff. Trust me, Part 3 is when things start getting wild.
            Crazy to go through all of this and still haven’t seen anything yet lol.
                I'm telling you bro. I dont want to spoil it, but it does get crazy af.
        Nah - you should really replay Disc 2.  It’s wild how much happens so fast.
        I just want to tell you that they have not even gotten started and there are so many incredible moments still to come.  Partway through rebirth I remember wondering how they were going to keep the rest of the game exciting, and they blew me away. I have no concerns like that about part 3, it is going to be a ride
        FF7 Remake and Rebirth only covers Disc 1 of 3 of the OG FF7. There are still a lot of great moments to come. The world is still to be fully revealed, the next two party members are still to be played, and once the world is fully open, there are a lot of things to be done
        I don't think the creators and developers would have even remade FF7 if they did not believe they could improve upon the experience with each installment. I truly believe they will deliver.
        It’s cheap on the ps store
    For real. The way Aerith's child segment of the temple had me weeping was truly incredible considering I didn't care THAT much about her in OG.

Edit: Barret also made me cry with Dyne. That's twice that Rebirth did something the original didn't.
    Invoking nostalgia is just half the battle for why it's so good. But one can argue that playing on nostalgia alone is too cheap to be a masterpiece, as it simply uses the original masterpiece people love and leans on that. 

I think it's a masterpiece because it not only brings back these amazing nostalgic moments, but it somehow is a completely different game at the same time!

Like I know the complete story of FF7 OG and there still so much mystery and complexity of story telling in this. The ending to this game is the real dealbreaker. People might not be in love with it but it sets up such an ambitious 3rd game, one that could easily have just rested completely on safe nostalgia, but instead intensifies and complicates the story that could either crash and burn or come together as the master piece of all masterpieces, I'm so excited.

Edit: But to reiterate, I'm not trying to argue with you that it's not good because its nostalgic, for that's my favorite part about it as well, I'm just so blown away how it blends so much from the original while being so different of a game in its own right, bravo!
    This.
Yes. Masterpiece doesn’t mean perfect to me, it just means exceptionally good.
    No game is perfect so that should go without saying. That being said all my complaints about Rebirth honestly feel like nitpicks. I'd give the game a solid 9/10 easy.
        Corey in the House for Nintendo DS.

On the surface, Cory In The House looks like your average licensed TV Show handheld shovelware. But underneath that, is one of the biggest revolutions the medium has ever seen. Funny, smart, deep, timeless. Read on to find out why this stands as one of the finest licensed video games of all time, or indeed, one of the finest video games of all time.
You play as Cory, the kid from the TV show who finds himself living in the White House. The gameplay is simple; you need to sneak around the various rooms and do various tasks, which often involve talking to someone or getting to a certain room. It sounds simple, but between the deep stat management systems, varied character patrol routes, and the amazing dialogue options, the gameplay is top-notch, making the likes of Metal Gear Solid pale in comparison (including on storytelling prowess, more on that later). The mini-games like the lock-picking are so deep, they could be sold as full games themselves.
The graphics are life-like, the character portraits are so realistic you will think you are watching the show! I haven't seen such good graphics on a handheld game, ever. The audio is as good as a DS game can sound, it's all in there, from the sound effects to the catchy theme from the TV show.As an audio-visual experience, Cory in the House delivers the best on the DS.
What truly shines however, is the dialogue and the smart humor in the game. The dialogue here is comical to kids, but truly hilarious to adults, which are more likely to get the more subtle jokes. And yet, it's full of life lessons and themes that resonates to all of us, children and adults alike. It's like watching the best Pixar film of your life.
The writing here may live on as a timeless example of comedy. What they have pulled off here may be one day looked back as "the Shakespeare of comedy".
Overall, this game is a hidden masterpiece, one that will change the way video games are made. Just give it time. For now, you can be privileged enough to play this masterpiece while the rest of the world is still unaware of its implications and future impact on the medium. They will catch up, eventually.
    Completely agree. For instance I consider FF16 exceptionally phenomenal but you know, perfection does not exist.
        I too consider 16 exceptional.  It was an experience, I boohooed at the end, brother…
            Same bro.
        FF16 is amazing. It was my personal GOTY and I will never understand why it gets so much hate..
        Ff16 is amazing. Absolutely superior in postgame my only Gripe there was the ending... however the DLC is right around the corner.


I wish Rebirths postgame was more like 16.


Both are Masterpieces imo.
Neither Is perfect 
    Yeah I feel like it kind of wears its heart on its sleeve and just goes for it. Did it miss on a few things? Sure, but you could tell the devs just love working in this world
Yeah, the game have everything needed to be considered as a masterpiece in my standard. 

The characters and their interactions are perfect. 

The story is great if you’re not a player of the original, but still interesting if you played it because you have some twists that keeps you thinking about what is going on, and what is « the big new plan » of Sephiroth 

The combat system is also great. A good balance between strategy and action, with a tons of variety allowed by the number of characters, materias, abilities.

The music is just god tier, this is something we can all agree on. 

The content is huge, and you have a great replayability. Between the open world activities, mini games and combat simulator, you have a lot to play, the rewards are good most time, and if you don’t want to do it, you can skip it because your progression is not blocked by it.

Yeah, there are things we can complain about. The side activities are a bit repetitive, some chapters have some « bad » moments like Chapter 11 with Cait. Some textures are not good, and the performance could be better. 

But at the end, this game have a heart and a passion that you don’t see in many AAA these recent years. If you’re not into Final Fantasy, the weakenesses are flagrant. If you like this franchise, this game is almost everything you can dream of.
    It's a really great game that despite my hate for the ending I really enjoyed. I hope they make exploration fun next game though, I don't like the checklist activities and would rather exploration be finding mini dungeons, materia, weapons, etc.
        Yeah, i can understand. I didn’t mind the exploration because I was amazed by the environment, and combat system is addicting. Still, could be cool to have more stuff to find in the OW, especially materias.
    Progression was not blocked by minigames but postgame content is, which really Blows imo.


So if you just want to play the main game elements like battle system, fighting the hardest bosses and getting the best gear for that, you'll be dissappointed that you have to play most minigames even on hard difficulties to do so 
It will def be nominated as GotY
    For sure. The main competition I see it having for winning GotY is Dragons Dogma 2, Hell divers 2, Space Marine 2.

DD2 I think is unlikely to win because its user score is a blood bath on steam and metacritic. HD2 I think has a decent claim, but its very rare that a multiplayer game like that wins goty. Space Marine 2 idk, but its one of the only other AAAs coming out this year that look like goty material.
        I like DD2 and am still having fun with it but I don’t think it’s anywhere close to Rebirth.
            hah, I heard the opposite yesterday about goty and DD2's user reviews: "Yeah that's the only reason Rebirth has a shot imo and I love rebirth"

I can't see DD2 winning personally because it would be like one of the only games ever to get GotY and have such horrible user reviews. I think HD2 is probably the strongest competition currently because it is beloved, but multiplayer games very rarely win GotY so idk.
        Helldivers 2 is fun but god dam game is buggy AF. Can't see it even getting nominated.
            It's 10000000x better now than at release in terms of bugs, but yeah that's not saying much

Edit: I don't know if you meant that as a pun, but my response works either way
                For sure. But that bug with the lightning weapons causing the game to crash is just atrocious. Game feels really unfinished, despite being fun when it works.
        It's too early to put together a GOTY list but possible unreleased contenders might also be Hellblade 2 Senuas Saga, Star Wars Outlaws, Stellar Blade, Metal Gear Delta, Black Myth Wukong, Hades 2, Silksong, Silent Hill 2 and Marathon. 


The last 4 aren't guaranteed to come out this year, but my point is the year is full of surprises and it's to early. No one in March last year was talking about BG3. Shadow of the Erdtree will probably necessitate an Elden Ring re release too (not that that's GoTY contenders as neither was Phantom Liberty last year).


I love Rebirth. It's amazing. Definitely a contender. But there's another 9 months of games coming.
            You are correct, but I enjoy theorising, and the TGA judges have a very very consistent GotY track record to base theories on.

Starwars outlaws is a Ubisoft game reskinned. Stellar blade is WAY too fan servicey. Metal gear Delta is a remake like Rebirth, but I doubt they will go even remotely as far as Rebirth and will mostly be by the numbers. Silent hill 2, judges don't like horror.

Hellblade 2 is apparently as extremely short as Hellblade 1. Hades 2 and Silksong are indies (also silksong copium lol). In the unlikely event it comes out this year, like Blizzard, Bungie is probably far too deep into everyone's shit list to get GotY with Marathon. Elden Ring did not come out this year.

The only one there I see as main competition is Black Myth... but that's just because it's a question mark and AAA, so same as space marine 2, no idea tbh.
    Better be. I’m sure it won’t win but I hope it gets recognition with best rpg. A lot of people are playing Dragons Dogma 2 rn and I plan to (need a break between another 100+ rpg game lol). But I wouldn’t expect that to win.
    It'll 100% be nominated. 7R was nominated in a much stronger year than we're having right now. Right now this year is so devoid of true heavy hitters that Rebirth feels like the one surefire nomination and clear frontrunner. I don't think DD2 will prove to be that competitive, the more I see people digest that game the more talk I'm seeing about it not really being that good and too similar to the first game (including its negatives)

Maybe helldivers 2 would compete but historically multiplayer games tend to get ignored by the gaming media. They rarely even get nominated let alone win, just overwatch in 2016 won by my memory.
        Overwatch performed well when it released. Helldivers 2 has too many issues for this. Feels like an unfinished game at many moments. And I play it daily. Would be a really bad message for the industry if it won GOTY.
    It definitely deserves to be in the discussion for sure.
Even with the issues I myself have (Some ending sequences, Shinra Manor sections, some repetitive activities in the open world), this game is an outstanding achievement at any layer it has. Storytelling, characterization, combat, BOSSES, music, cinematics, artstyle, voice acting, variety, etc. 


And just one thing, 10/10 does not mean perfect, any game, even the considered the best, no matter how old (Final Fantasy VII, Silent Hill 2, Zelda Ocarina of Time) or new (Baldurs Gate 3, Tears of the Kingdom, Elden Ring) has flaws, people just have differenr criteria although some are more believable than others.
Honestly,the feeling of wonder and discovery in this world and where the story is going is absolutely magical,so I guess masterpiece fits...also I immediately wante to keep playing,after finishing everything pre-Hardmode (except that one bugged quest) in 110 hours.
Yes. Despite the numerous flaws, like some of the minigames, the story is incredible, the gameplay is a joy to play, the world and exploration are immaculate, and the characters are some of the most memorable in all of gaming and fiction history.
    Yes. Those mandatory mini games in Costa del Sol are a bit meh honestly, but that’s just because I’m a gameplay fanatic guy.
        I really didn't like the shooting gallery one and the fact that all of the mini games are required for the platinum. The final side mission being tied to all of them too was bull. I just wanted to battle, race, play cards, and get story. The 3D brawler and the others are so infuriating.
Yes. Masterpiece doesn't mean flawless, I would also consider Elden Ring or BOTW masterpieces. Rebirth for sure has flaws, but goddamn, what it does right it does *RIGHT.*
    100% agree with the sentiment. Although, I'd say Dark Souls 3 deserves masterpiece status. Elden Ring is just very, very good.
It’s close for me. The mini games and intel were overwhelming for me personally. Also a lot of unanswered questions that frustrated me as an OG fan. However, I believe that once we have the trilogy as a whole, this game will truly shine as the second installment.
With Remake it took me a couple of play throughs to love the game and get a real understanding, I hadn't played any FF games before it. 

But with Rebirth now I'm all in I see it as a masterpeice in term of main story, I have my problems with some side content, but not enough to tip the scales in the slightist. The characters and narrative is so good at drawing you in, I haven't cared about a group of fictional characters like this since Gears of War and Mass Effect trilogy.
No it's pretty close if open world activities and design wasn't so paint by numbers and generic i think i would have considered it a masterpiece or if it was linear like Remake maybe aswell
    Yeah. In a world where games like BOTW and Elden Ring have been released, it baffles me that they chose Ubisoft as a role model for open world exploration.
        Technically they chose horizon forbidden west and ghosts of tsushima. There is currently a trend in calling every single objective based open world "ubisoft" though which i think misses the point of why ubisoft's bad open worlds are bad.

They are bad because they slam the map with 1000 tasks and then clutter the UX with 100 breadcrumbs that overwhelm you and ruin the entire gameplay loop because everything is a meter or checklist. I think ff7 has some of these problems (Chadley always telling you what to do, for example) but it certainly does not have the map spam problem, the objectives are actually pretty spread out and use the map fairly well. You also don't get the 10,000 annoying UX icons, arrows, and pings either.
            I believe it gets called a "ubisoft" open world because it uses one of the most irritating elements that are the Ubisoft towers. 

But I agree on some parts. I feel like the main problem with Rebirth exploration was how repetitive it got towards the end. By the time I reached Cosmo Canyon, I didnt really care about the side activities  ( except odd jobs ) any more because it was just the same thing over and over. Just would do it to get it over and done without enjoying. Think it would be more interesting if they make unique mechanics for each region. I would prefer less content with more interesting mechanics then the more content using the same gimmicks in all regions.

And another irritating part is chadley. Would really be better if they severely lower his participation. He talks more then the other party members and that is just bad. Would be better to have other party members giving hints towards objectives.
    Yeah I think it's the main minor letdown that feels a bit tacked on. By far not the worst example I've seen of it, but does feel a bit jarring, and purposeless /unnatural at times. The overall terrain and verticality of design and paths is impressive though.
        I agree the world is gorgeous and that stepping out into the world moment after Kalm is almost Oblivion/Fallout 3 good! 

Oh it's absolutely not the worst for what it is, it's pretty good and even with just a few things to find out in the world would improve it a lot, like just wandering about finding materia would be sick
            The lack of focus on materia is baffling to me. It's a core part of the original's experience and they just went pretty conservative with it in Rebirth, when I thought given such a big open world we'd have all sort of variations and upgrades, similarly with equipment. Even an expansion of Crisis Core's fusion mechanic would've gone well here, or some experimental materia from Shinra's research labs/
                Absolutely agree i forget how it worked in CC but being able to find materia in the world and being able to combine it with one for Chadley for a faster level up or something would be cool
I loved this, but I don't consider it a masterpiece, as I have a grudge with multiverses in general. Especially in a game I already "anchored" in one reality. Maybe part 3 will make me reconsider multiverses.
It's a weird thing to say, but I'd go with "flawed masterpiece". Everything up to the ending felt very magical and I enjoyed it so much (except a bugged/insanely difficult party animal quest, chocobo falling minigame course #3, the 3d fighter, guiding the chicken quest, etc), but the ending really left me with a sour taste.

There were emotional moments. I was tearing up when I controlled child aerith. Having her look for a doctor as her mother is dying felt so awful. It really pulled at my heart strings.

But when it came to the ending, I felt very emotionless. Like it didn't give me any feeling at all. They played it out so wrong, and I just had a feeling of confusion and not sadness.

I had such emotion when the pillar fell. When I watched so many of these characters die, but when it came to Aerith. It didn't. Her death felt like Cait Sith. Don't worry about it because there is just another one. Really anything multiverse sours a lot of loss feeling. Too bad it was the ending that made me feel this way and not somewhere in the middle, because when I finally felt I completed it, the ending is what's often gonna stick the most.
    I feel the same, the ending was way too dragged out, confusing as shit and the final battle was unnecessarily long and arduous. 

And yeah, they kinda botched the Aerith death, with all the confusion, you barely feel anything. Makes sense when you think about it later, but in the spur of the moment and after that slog of a fight, you’re emotionally gone.

I think they did the Aerith death less impactful on purpose though, they probably felt they traumatized us and the characters enough in the trials. Which they did, child Aerith got me ugly crying as a grown ass man.
    Same. I've read good theories about the ending, and yes they make me more excited for Part 3 and make it feel less disappointing; however whenever you think about the insane emotional impact of the OG's version, Rebirth dropped the ball pretty hard in comparison for its ending.

Shame because I *loved* the rest of the game, barring minor pacing & open-world issues. Flawed masterpiece is a good way to put it, it's not all top class, but a lot of it is.
No, I enjoyed it but the repetition of identical side missions in each area did my head in (but that’s my only gripe tbh)
First final fantasy game in ages to give that true "final fantasy" feeling.
No. It's very good, but it does too much kinda wrong to be a true masterpiece.
There is too much filler content and story changes for me to call it a masterpiece, but if the filler was toned down a bit and it was more faithful then definitely.
From a nostalgia standpoint sure.

From a gaming standpoint? No.

The game had way too much exploration that became redundant. I was dreading continuing the story because I knew another region was about to open up.

Did you have to do that content? Not really, but a LOT of stuff is locked behind that exploration which makes it heavily suggested that you do it.

And the ending is a clusterfuck. I get what they were trying to do, but they did it poorly.
    I’m arguing with another dude saying “it’s all optional” but I keep telling him yeah it’s optional but it’s a huge ass chunk of the game. Like to him it’s optional but to me if you want 70% of the material and to have good accessories you have to do that stuff. Imagine if you literally did a playthrough where you skipped all the stuff that was deemed “optional” the game would be miserable tbh.
        Yeah...I mean there is a TON of stuff locked behind it.

Proto Relics - 4 Boss fights + Genji gear

Assess enemies - Enemy Skills

Enemy Intel - World Bosses (needed for Genji Gear) + Region VR Fights for Materia (Elemental Materia locked behind this)

Mako Springs - Crafting Recipes (needed for Genji Gear and some side quests)

Rest Spots - Golden Feathers for Chocobo Armor for Chocobo Racing

Moogle Trees - Shop that has really good materia+manuscripts

Summon Altars - Powers up your summon matera, makes the summon fights easier (Required for Genji Gear)

And finally Towers WOULD be optional but then you wouldn't know where in the hell any of the above is...
            That’s my exact whole point and if you said that to them they’ll respond with. “It’s still optional.” It’s a good game but I agree with you. Too much exploration, a bit too many mini games especially with you needing to do some to progress the story. I haven’t got to the ending yet been too busy grinding and being forced to play mini games but if you said it’s a lot going on I’m sure it is.
    I was hoping the exploration would end up more in finding all sorts of new materia and equipment, but no most were to earn Chadley points to buy a few pretty conventional materia locked in a shop. There's so many things that could have been done with materia
I'm litrely struggling to get through it tbh. I'm in the temple of.the ancients now and just fraging myself through to see what happens. I'm enjoying the game play just don't like the pace of the game and I'm suck to death of swapping my materia over every time the party changes.
I absolutely loved it - I’m in that phase after an amazing game that nothing compares. I can’t be bothered even playing another game cause they just don’t match up.
    I didn’t realize I had bought Crisis Core Reunion when it came out and I’m now trying to play it after Rebirth and I just can’t get into it lol. Though I will slog away because I want to see the one part of the FFVII universe I’ve not experienced.
    That’s where I’m at right now. I made the mistake of trying FF XVI like the next day after finishing rebirth. I made it through like 6 minutes of the demo and switched back to playing queen’s blood lol It might be a while before I can play something else. 
        FF XVI is also an incredibly great game though. Don't let FF7 being so great detract from another wonderful experience, I promise it's worth it!
        Haha I feel ya - I miss queens blood … XVI has a good story, music and voice acting but that’s about it imo. I’d hardly even call it an rpg, the combat (outside of boss battles) is pathetic compared to rebirth also. Just my opinion.
JRPG/ARPG gameplay wise - masterpiece and perfect imo

as a story - i give it 8.5/10

my only issue in terms of gameplay is when Square Enjx tries to do something similar to Western game studios (for example, most first-party Sony games), with the whole cinematic gameplay experience - forced walking in areas with dialogue and views, pressing displayed buttons in scenes to get ‘immersed’

Square Enix’s main strength is the combat gameplay but i can tell they wanna improve their immersive storytelling in the actual gameplay, which is still one of their weaknesses. they’re getting better but it does make certain parts of the story feel weird or just unnecessary cuz they simply can’t execute it right

regardless, i love this game and i’m extremely pleased with the side content - mini games and extra quests

all i’m gonna say, i know part 3 will be amazing but i’m even more excited to see what this team is capable of making with new stories. the new FF17 with as much attention to party members, world exploration, quests progression, side content, all of that in a new world would be phenomenal and could be the proof of a new era!

i’m happy we got to see their true potential with a remake but it’ll be a new era for SE, once they pull it off with a new entry, to have their ‘Zelda BOTW’ moment that brings so many new players to the franchise (which is what FF16 had the potential to achieve but sadly didn’t)
Yes, very much yes. It has everything and more I look for in interactive media/experiences in general. I was honestly expecting a game 1/3 of the size, the depth and the amount of work that went into making it. 

It mechanically challenges you as it uses new way to propel the plot for each main character, the graphics are beyond amazing, THE MUSIC, the writing, the bonding, the fact that the GS is a game of itself inside of this game, QUEENS BLOOD, the boss battles, and for me this game has heart born from the connections you make along your journey, and those that are deepened from the first game.

I’ve never lost so much sleep to anything before in my life from the sheer childlike joy I feel, bordering on mania. Every single night from the year before its release, i’ve thought of nothing else, and that still hasn’t changed 8 days after finishing my first playthrough, and 2 days after plat. 

I don’t know how something I find this wonderful exists, but i’m beyond grateful to be alive, a gamer and a FF fan for this momentous moment. 🙏🐚🪸😭
Yes it's a perfect 10/10 and likely GOTY
got 200hrs on it I rate it with 9.5/10 because of the omission of the lake scene and some mini games being annoying. Nothing will top the original because of nostalgia though. I was 11.
    Lake scene?
        Cloud carrying Aerith’s body to the water I think is what they mean
            I think the decision to not show that scene is deliberate. It's one of the most iconic scenes in gaming, there is no way they left it out without a plan to either show it in part 3 or make another massive story switch
            I think that scene will be part of Clouds recollection of his mind in the Lifestream.
Yes! It is so unique, so grand, so complete. It's a masterpiece in my book.

Could it be improved in a lot of ways? Yes it could! Is it still a 10/10? Also yes!
Yes but I can certainly understand people not feeling that way. Much as I was loving the game, I knew the open world and abundance of mini games would hard turn some people off it. 

Though not sure why Rebirth is criticized for having a bunch of dumb mini games, when OG FF7 was also full of them
I think so. The ending is a bit too convoluted for my liking but I’m still in awe at what I experienced in a single game. It really felt like a love letter to OG FFVII. 

I almost wished the new ideas they’re pushing with the multiple worlds/reunion would’ve been more fleshed out throughout the game vs dumping it all in the last chapter. I’m fascinated to know how people who have never played the OG feel about the ending and how they’re understanding what’s happening. I can barely keep up myself lol
No, it’s not bad but fairly boring.
    I think it's a great game but yes not excelling in everything constantly enough to feel like a masterpiece. I keep coming back to play it as it's decent enough, but there's little that truly excites me to play because I know there isn't all that much to gain from exploring both in terms of items nor combat, and the story density and nuance has suffered.
I am barely at Costa del Sol and 40 hours in, maybe more.  The scale of the areas is just mind blowing.  I got off the ship, which these mfs let me explore to an extent and now I'm at a beach resort with another area opening up.  

The last two areas were huge!  Even Junon has it's under city and it's top area.  I'm just wtf.  This game deserves its price just for the areas alone.
    Spectacle alone doesn't make a game good.
I think there's a few too many annoyances for me to consider it a masterpiece. But the core story and big moments ignoring those annoyances absolutely are a masterpiece. The story and characters are so special. I can't wait to see the conclusion.
No, people throw that word around too much. The game is powered by nostalgia so it isn’t really even its own thing and the combat could be way better.
People saying “despite the many flaws” don’t understand what a masterpiece is. 
    Evwry single game in history has many flaws. Give me any piece of media and I can find at least 20 flaws
It's a hugbox here so this'll probably get hate, but it had flaws that take away from calling it a masterpiece.

It's an amazing game and one I'll continue playing and replaying until the third entry, and when it swings it usually hits a home run but there are some strikeouts for sure that really take away from the experience. My opinion of the game while talking to friends shifted from 'I'm not sure I want to play more today' to 'This is the best game I have ever played' depending on where I was in the story, and a masterpiece can't have the former.

Some of the minigames are objectively bad, poorly designed and just not fun to play, and they're all mandatory to fully complete the game. And the game is PACKED with minigames, there's huge sections of the game where you spend more time playing minigames than the actual game, which is fun when you get the good minigames like Queen's Blood or the hilarious Shinra Parade or some of the Gold Saucer stuff, but a slog when you look at a map and all that's left to finish it are the bad minigames.

Enemy design is weird here. I get they're trying new stuff but some of it is a miss. There's a good chunk of enemies that require really awkward play to properly pressure and stagger, like the jellyfish who dodge 99% of attacks unless silenced, but you have to actually hit stuff to get ATB to silence them, so half the fight is just standing there holding block until a segment fills and then the fight starts. The "Use ATB at exactly this moment, but you can't actually gain ATB before this" is used on one too many enemies.

The returning characters barely get anything new. So many times I'd find a new weapon hoping for a fun new ability and it's just something they had in the past game. 

It's probably my favorite game of the past couple years, but it's hard to ignore that when it has rough moments, those moments are as bad as the game is good when it shines. In a way the Materia is a perfect example of what I'm getting at. Some of the new materia is amazing fun to play with, enemy skill, jump, the item stuff on a normal run, the new magic types and combined magic materia, all the buffs and debuffs? Really cool toys to play with and build your characters around. But then there's wastes of space like the game throwing 40 'auto weapon skill, auto magic, auto ability' stuff at you that is harmful to equip since it makes the AI waste abilities. Why so many level+ materia? Just looking at what they did with Materia alone makes my point. A sea of questionable, odd, and just plain bad decisions but some amazingly fun stuff in there too.
    Out of all the things I wanted to see in Rebirth, a big expansion of the materia system and variety was one of them, and probably one of the more obvious things to expand on given how iconic and integral to the story. It would have given a more enjoyable reason to explore and discover things organically than a list of repetitive over world things to do via Chadley.
    I enjoyed the game and Story, Soundtrack, battle system are all awesome, but the postgame sucks. So many gripes with that one in particular. 


As you mentioned all the minigames are mandatory on hard to get all the best gear. Why not just lock the best gear behind later battles?


Also the later battles, the combat Simulator stuff are all marathon Fights. In FF7R that was "necessary" since the game was so short to Drag it out with Marathon Fights. Rebirth however was very long, no need for this Kind of Fight. Why not do it like in FF X or XVI?


Also why are the later Fights automatically locker behind hard Mode?
If you want to play with Zack and Sephiroth you have to play hardmode.
It's a single Player game, so let the Player decide how hard he wants it to be. Trophies can be tied to hard Mode but not the better part of the postgame content. 


FF XVI solved that way better, no Marathon fights but just well designed Single encounters. Available on all difficulties.
And since hardmode offers unique content there you still can equip the "easy mode" Accessoires if you choose to.
No
No. Not every good game is a masterpiece. That word shouldn’t be thrown around or it loses its meaning when referring to actual masterpieces. I don’t use that word lightly.
    These fans have no concept of masterpiece, they just seem incredibly desperate to have their liking the game validated.

There are very obvious and objective flaws in the general game design, visual presentation and writing, all things that can be evaluated by comparing the game to pre established conventions.

Also a masterpiece should by default set a standard for the industry which this game will not with its outdated gameplay mechanics and bloated pacing. Without the ff7 name this game would be disliked by most.
No.  I think what's good is very very good, and there's a lot of good stuff here, but there are way too many negatives.  I still think it's good, maybe even great, and the best numbered ff sequel since 12 and it's not really close.
Probably? I went so hard on the game for a month before I rolled credits. It was amazing but I’m exhausted. I think I’ll enjoy replaying on hard since I can take my time and not worry so much about seeing the ending before spoilers ruined it. I’ve got a job and family. These open world games take it out of me if there’s any concern of story spoilers tied to it.
I'm really split. I really like what they've done as far as quality. I'm not a fan of the story getting split into 3.
    3 games is the only way they could provide that level of quality though
        FFVII is chunky to remade with modern graphics so yeah they did a good job split into 3.
No. Exploration of the regions is too formulaic and Chadley and MAI are not endearing characters with relevance to the overall plot. Towers are ripped straight from other western open world RPG mechanics and are not a fun way to enhance exploration. I would rather exploration had been tied to the Chocobo farms for each region where the rewards from Chadley just unlocked organically as you found places on the map. As it stands Summon Crystals, Towers, and Lifesprings are a very boring concept kept to keep the player busy. 

This is what prevents the game from being a masterpiece for me. 

I need to give a shout out to the overly complex plot as a way to maintain the relevance of the OG story but dislike of the story is more subjective. 

Everything else though was quite good so the games a strong 8.5/10 for me.
    Yeah I really think this was a poor design choice. Every region didn't need to be as formulaic, nor with a designated list to earn credits. if you're going into include things like the crystals, towers and lifesprings give them some more interesting mechanics and functionality! Make them more hidden but with varied rewards and requirements. Materia upgrades, augments, fusion, experimental research from Shinra I dunno, just don't all include in a predefined list of things to do.
No. Very good but no masterpiece. 

It's probably the funnest game I've played in a few years. But it's not what I would call a masterpiece. On a technical level sure. But that always feels like it's a given for every new FF title. 

They drop the ball hard with the ending for me. And there's a few other story related....decisions they made that only take away from the story rather than add anything. 

The combat is good but not great. I didn't really like the focus on synergy stuff when Materia is the heart of combat mechanics in the OG and in Remake. It's kind this world's whole thing. Especially using synergy stuff to unlock higher limit levels. Or the little ability you need to get Tifa in the air to hit flying enemies. She just did that on her own last game. This doesn't add anything. Only detracts. Materia felt for whatever reason like it took a backseat in this.

Typical open world issue of there needs to be more things to fight on a map that big and them not knowing what to put in it. Cliche towers/beacons no matter where you go.

There's pacing issues too. There's some basically boss rush parts that come up unexpectedly when it doesn't feel like most of them belong here story wise. They're just here for no reason. Chapter 11 and 12 stand out. Stuff like Cait in the manor throwing boxes. Running around in Costa for outfit tickets. It's uneven.
    Accurate. I found the choice to focus on a convoluted synergy folio weapon system bizzare in a game with a well loved materia system and opportunity to explore massive areas with impressive vertical terrain and path variety. The focus should have been on discovering new materia variations or things that could be used to experiment and create, fuse or augment or upgrade materia. Even strange variations with mixed or unknown effects, like an early game thunder materia that is capped at level 2 but with a small chance of inflicting petrify, or some potentially near-useless and niche materia as waste products from a Shinra lab that have experimental mixed bag consequences
    Glad to see this, I've been pretty critical of the combat in both games but generally get shouted down by the masses about how great it is. I personally feel like nostalgia goggles are really cranking up people's opinions of the game as a whole. Another thing is I was 12 when I played the original and as a grown ass man now who has never liked anime, I cannot help but feel embarrassed playing this game in front of my wife
Nope.  It's just a really good game
Absolutely not. It’s incredibly bloated and clunky with many questionable choices. If you don’t love the FF7 franchise the game has many flaws difficult to swallow.
    I don't know what the megafans are smoking, I love ff7, but the remake trilogy has only for me cemented how poorly equipped SE is to make anything of substance.

I don't feel this game hits a single note that would put it in masterpiece territory.
        Combat system , soundtrack , Charakter design , are top tier what are you talking ?
            Combat system is in no way top tier. How many times did we have to switch materia back and forth between different character sets? Combat in XVI is much more engaging IMO. 

Soundtrack got repetitive super quick. I wish we got more than tongue-in-cheek references to the original "battle won" theme.

Character design was great, but not being able to do a simple thing like jumping sucked.
                Changing materia between characters is usually not necessary, unless you're playing on hard mode yourself. In that case, your criticism isn't even a criticism of the combat system itself, lol Regardless, the combat system is top tier, it successfully combines two systems in one and offers unprecedented depth through the innovations in rebirth (parry, synergy action, synergy skills), so it is revolutionary for its claims and for JRPGs, or how many other games do you know that combine ATB and real time in a meaningful way? You don't have to like the combat system, but not calling it first class for your own purposes doesn't make sense.  

You're also wrong about the soundtrack, either you're a troll or you haven't played Rebirth, the music isn't repeated at all, at least not in the traditional sense, rather you find old arrangements in new instrumentals and new arrangements in old instrumentals, each region has its own battle theme and therefore feels unique, there is also an abundance of boss themes, not only are there different rhythmic variants, sometimes slower, sometimes faster, sometimes with singing, but the number of different boss themes also exceeds anything that has come before, it feels as if the developers had almost infinite resources and means at their disposal and they don't really have much of a clue when it comes to character design, the characters are probably the most attractive and beautiful characters in gaming ever, their story and backgrounds feel real and the sound is also of the highest quality which gives the characters more shine and depth, as I said you don't have to like Rebirth but certain things cannot be denied
                    Anyone claiming the rebirth soundtrack isn't a contender for best soundtrack ever can't even be taken seriously. It's objectively one of the highest effort, largest, most varied soundtracks of all time.
                    To be fair everything you just said is an opinion. I'm more inclined to agree with the first guy about the combat being overrated. Sure it combines real time with ATB but my opinion is it did neither well enough for this amount of praise.
                        Of course, everything depends on your own opinion, but you have to differentiate between the masses and individual people who rate something. Rebirth now has over 150 reviews, most of which I have actually read. Without exception, all of the reviews are overwhelmed by the combat system and cite it as an absolute strength. I think we're at a point here where you can almost ignore subjective opinions, because objectively it seems obvious that the combat is outstanding. Of course, there will always be people who don't like something, but if it's basically 2 out of 10 or less, you can ignore it.

Anyway if you don’t like something just uninstall and move on
Yes and no Yes because the game can stand on its own and plays very well. No, because the game is only the sum of parts. It's only part two of a trilogy so can't really call it a masterpiece yet because it's incomplete. You know just wait on part 3 and then we can call it a masterpiece
Its very close. I only consider games that are masterpieces 10/10 but it was one of the best games in recent memory.
Yes. It would take too long to explain what this game means to me, how I felt playing it and how much I loved every second of it, so I will just say yes.
If we ignore Gongaga then hell yes it is!
YES.  One of the best, most enjoyable gaming experiences of my life.  Been playing videogames since the late 80’s and FF games since the original.  This is one of the best.
Yes
It'll probably be my game of the year, but the amount of stuff locked behind completing minigame high scores and the copy/paste nature of most of the open world collectibles really drags it down
I absolutely do 

But godDAMN the amount of shit to do lmfao
Still processing.

Leaning towards Yes.

&nbsp;
Slight rambling:

A lot of people think something being a masterpiece needs to be better in every single way to the other master pieces. And I don't think that's a criteria that should be a thing, but this is how people seem to judge games lately.

But this RPG delivered on so god damn much compared to every RPG/JRPG out there. And it's probably one of the few JRPG's that has made me feel a world existed outside of the party and the enemy.

I genuinely felt I was globetrotting. It's not as Free or random as an Elder scrolls game. It isn't as Singular Character Focused as God of War. But it doesn't have to be! Final Fantasy 7: Rebirth is one of the best Final Fantasy games to exist. And damn, is it a game.
Wouldnt put it in the S tier of my own all time favourite games 

But it ticks so many boxes that it definitely makes a case

Soundtrack
Combat 
Visuals
The humour and banter between the party
Most of the mini games were great fun (Queens blood is so good) 
The casting

(Honestly whoever called the shots for casting needs to be protected at all costs, Matthew Mercer as Vincent had me fanboying like shit)
I think that Remake and Rebirth are the best games Square has ever made, hands down, and it's not even *close*.

I think I might prefer Remake over Rebirth, because I think this team's work really excels in the narrative-driven sequences - the density for those is much higher in Remake. But masterpiece? Yeah. Magnum Opus, jury's still out. Could be Part 3.
If it doesnt get Game of the Year at the TGAs I will be a little annoyed ngl. The amount of love put into this game is off the charts.
Absolutely
Yes, it's by far my favourite single player FF game since FFX. I need to assess after I finish getting platinum to see where it ranks all time.
It’s not perfect, but I do think it’s a masterpiece. One of the best games I’ve ever played. The level of content and polish is unparalleled…
Yes. It was the most fun I’ve had playing a FF game in 20+ years, and it might be my favorite game of all time (absolutely in the top 3).
I don’t think a game has ever made me smile as much as this one did.

Red on the boat 

7th infantry 

Cait’s introduction 

Donberry

Everything with the Turks
Hell yes!
Yes
no. moogles' design sucks.

 99.99/100 = not a masterpiece
I'm still trying to fathom the expanse of this game.

Though I really enjoyed it, Remake heavily tempered my expectations going forward, and I've never been so glad to be this wrong.

Absolutely blown away.
It is for me. I can’t lie they went overboard with the mini games but other than that it exceeded my expectations.
It's up there as one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played in my life. I absolutely loved my time with the game, even if Chadley does talk way too much and some of the open world stuff is a bit arduous. Just had a blast and I am having fun on my hard mode playthrough and listening to different theories now.
Aeriths stage performance singing is what got me! Straight beautiful and breathtaking
    That is wierd. That part completely pulled me right out lol it wasn't even her voice, the lipsynch was wierd, the lyrics were kinda silly, n the whole time I couldn't help but think about how manufactured it felt (knowing what was coming).

But at least it wasn't an alternate reality.
        Knowing whats going to happen to her…. The fact that she performed and we got to see it.. with updated gaming technology. Captivating. The whole game is beautiful. We are in for one hell of a ride when the third comes out. Think we will be all surprised if its not game of the year.
No. It doesn't have to be a masterpiece to enjoy it.
I wouldn't consider the game itself a masterpiece.

However i would consider the development around it to be a masterpiece. I'm sure that doesn't make sense or comes off as a cop out answer.
But I genuinely believe the talent and effort going INTO the game to be at a master level.

I just can't look at a single section of a single game and view it as a masterpiece on its own. The story isn't over. If part 3 flops it will affect my opinion on the previous 2 titles. Rebirth doesn't stand on its own (which is okay). Despite the 80 hour runtime, It is very much so the second Act of a much bigger game.
I cannot tell you of a cast of characters in any medium that I like more, from top to bottom, than the cast of this game. The music, combat, and direction of the cutscenes was all wonderful. I had to pause the game countless times just to give a chuckle at how much I was enjoying myself while I played it. To me, yes, this is a masterpiece.
They once again flubbed the ending but everything else nigh perfection
Story was great. Characters were great. Combat was very good. Open world was the most generic open world ever made by a company that isn't Ubisoft.
How often do so many elements come together to form a cohesive experience such as this. The game is a masterpiece
Masterpiece?, no. A very well made and fun game, absolutely.
Nah it’s got way too much bloat
No. It's a decent game, but nothing overly special.
No.

The cookie cutter open world put a black mark on what is otherwise an excellent game.  I didnt hate doing it, but the entire time i was disappointed in what it could and SHOULD have been.
    Yeah it was a fairly impressive over world design, could have had a bit more distinct aesthetics but was interesting to navigate... Sadly there was little sense of discovery in that exploration because almost everything's mapped to a routine Chadley side mission list, with little else to discover. Even treasure chests are largely disappointing. Don't get me started on most of the NPC design.
No, not at all. Is it a large, detailed game with deep combat? Yes. Are there great character moments? Yes. Is there so much to do you can spend 150hrs+? Yes. Does it have great music? Yes.  

Because it has been stuffed with so much, it's burdened under its own weight. This game could have used some editing. There are pacing issues. There are poor character dialog moments. The multiverse stuff feels convoluted for the sake of causing "discourse."  In an effort to put in so much because they think the fans will riot, they didn't let things breathe or focus into really deep moments. Just drop a frog on the party.
I wish I could agree. I'm a little over halfway and It just doesn't feel too exciting to me. It's just a very linear game with doing the same side quests over and over again as you get to a new town. I like it don't get me wrong, but I'm struggling to continue. I'd give it about a 6 or 7/10. Don't come for me it's just an opinion.

I felt like Intergrade had way more substance and better character development. To me this just feels like they were going for oohs and ahs with the great graphics and somewhat open world. Also to mention intergrade had this flaw too but I wish there were some better puzzles over just moving a cart to plug in a power source. I'm probably just getting old and cynical since I played the original on PS 😂
    I really liked the Intermission DLC (aside from the final boss) so thought we'd be getting more along those lines, the whole experience felt new, atmospheric and fun. Sadly the open world missions really let the game down imo and sometimes there's too much filler and detouring. The crystals were a great opportunity to have some interesting and maybe difficult puzzles, but instead we got ultra basic repetitive button sequences
No, but only because I’m quite selective with that term. Rebirth is a mind-blowingly polished product and it is ticking all of the boxes of what a good game should be, but it is lacking the lightning in a bottle creative vision and focus to be what I would call a masterpiece.
No. It’s a good game but it’s no masterpiece.
A great game with open world bloat that just isn't very good or fun
Love the game, but nah. Persona 5 is an example of a JRPG masterpiece and I think FF7 Rebirth feels rather distant from that.
People throw that word around like it ain't shit. Its a good game with flaws. Masterpiece? Nah. As soon as another game comes along thats pretty good everyone will flock to that and then label it that. A masterpiece inspires imitations and set standards for the future industry to follow. A game that is so undeniably good that even years later its still being heavily suggested or even a requirement to play. Mario 64 yeah thats a master piece. Ocarina of time? Yeah defenitly earned that title. Even gta 3 can be considered that. Skyrim? hell yah. defenitly earned Masterpiece status. Fallout 3 and new vegas? Mhmm. Halo? Hell yeah. Final fantasy 7 rebirth? Its defenitly fun but its nowhere near masterpiece level. You guys gotta chill with the blind praising. Yes its  good but its not that good. The og earned that status  as its success helped make jrpgs more popular in areas like America. Hell characters like cloud and Sephiroth are the face of Square as they are most marketable characters of their franchise. You can not see final fantasy without seeing them and its thanks to the orginal.
An incredible game, I'd say 9/10. The voice acting, soundtrack, graphics, environmental diversity, and most importantly the story are all 10/10. The problem is the world intel stuff quickly gets boring and some of the side quests are clunky and even frustrating. I also think Queens Blood would seem incredible if Gwent didn't exist.
No.  It has some masterful elements like its combat and voice acting, but rebirth is much less than the sum of its parts.  It feels like a bunch of teams worked in isolation on different sections and then they smashed it all together into a giant blob.  The pacing is terrible, the side-quests are boring, and barely anything interesting happens in a story that lasts over 70hrs.  The writing is usually weak, often cringeworthy.  Yuffie in particular might be the cringiest character I’ve seen in a game.  Graphically it ranges from impressive to “decent looking PS4 game.”  It is a 7/10 with 10/10 moments sprinkled in.
It came really close but the game suffers from serious bloat issues. The last three chapters were insanely exhausting and not in a good way. From the second you step back into the Gold Saucer it feels like it’s just boss fight after boss fight until the game is over. I don’t need to fight Rufus Shinra again. I shouldn’t have to fight the Turks for the FIFTH time in the temple. Why am I fighting Sephiroth again with Aerith after I’ve already fought him with Zack and spent the last hour fighting Jenova and Bizarro Seph?

That being said, when I finally saw the ending, it won me back over a lot. Cloud’s delusions and thinking he saved Aerith was a really nice added touch that made her death even more heartbreaking. 

Overall, the game was a solid 9/10. An amazing experience, yet I can’t ignore the sour taste the endgame left in my mouth.
No
Masterpiece is certainly a word for a game where you spend half the time climbing up towers to reveal repetitive open world activities in the area.  

I love the main story, but the open world stuff is truly mid.
I'm seemingly in the minority, but I am personally finding it a major letdown and I am struggling to finish it. I've never felt like a game is wasting my time as much as this is.
ABSOLUTELY NOT!!!! It was a 7 at best.
nah...was way too annoying on the last chapters. way too many boss fight with a battle system that doesn't allow in a good way to stand your ground to the intended design. way too many mini games and stuff to stretch the game time. the 13th chapter is like having all the important content.
No. 

Don't get me wrong, it's damn good. But it has problems. Opening up the world was always going to be difficult, and it didn't really work out imo. In the interest of keeping things succint, the pacing took a big hit, and the objectives are less than compelling most of the time.
I think the way they did the multiple timelines reveal as flashes during Areith's death scene ruined the impact of the scene. It was sloppy and not well done.

So not a masterpiece for me. Im still looking forward to see what they actually do with this multiverse for Part 3
Not at all. While the visuals are impressive from an art style perspective, the game can run and look rough.  The mini-games run the spectrum of quality to pure agony and repetitiveness. The repeated tasks in each area rarely lead to good story telling (gears and gambits excluded because that adds so much) and are "go to the point on the map and push a button). Most of the characters outside of the main party and ensemble are generic and wooden. Even detection of space and button presses are busted. (Summon mini game and climbing mechanics) 


I love FF7, I love Remake and I love Rebirth but there's a difference between a game you love and a masterpiece.
No. Elden Ring is a masterpiece. FFVII original is a masterpiece. Remake is a very, very good game, but it has a lot of flaws.
    Elden ring also has a lot of flaws. I don’t think neither are true masterpieces but they are very close.
    How’s the OG a masterpiece but this isn’t?
        My definition of a masterpiece is a work of art that leaves an impact. Whether you’re talking about a painting, movie, book, video game, it’s the sort of thing people continue to reference for years to come. There is a reason FFVII is being remade. The original is a masterpiece. Remake is a very good game, but in two years the game industry won’t be referencing it for design principles or story inspiration.
            And like mentioned above, a masterpiece sets an example for the entire industry, it leaves a mark outside of its intended fan base, which both elden ring and more recently baldurs gate 3 did.

Rebirth isn't really discussed at all outside of the dedicated subreddits, there is less buzz surrounding the game than ff16 even.

At best rebirth is a theme park ride of ff7, which can be cool for the novelty, but I sincerely doubt it will stand the test of time.
                I refer to these type of games (Zelda BOTW, Elden Ring, etc…) as revolutionary instead of just calling them masterpieces. Rebirth isn’t revolutionary but it’s a masterpiece 10/10 game.
                Although I don't agree with it being a masterpiece (In short don't think it's consistent or cohesive enough), measuring it by the buzz or popularity isn't a great way to determine whether it is or not. And even going by that, this is probably one of the most positive general responses I've seen to this style of an RPG in recent years, which puts it close to that mark.
            OG definitely had way more impact and was revolutionary, Rebirth isn’t close to it in terms of the impact it had. But that doesn’t mean it’s not a masterpiece, it’s the best FF since the 2000s imo. A masterpiece for me is a 10/10 game and that doesn’t mean it’s flawless. It hit all the right notes.
        Time. There was nothing like it when it came out and it essentially brought mainstream games into the 3D world. The fact that it still holds up as a really, really good game even today is secondary.

This game isn't changing anything. Nor are you probably gonna come back in a year like "oooh yea I wanna play some Fort Condor then go ride a dolphin over and over until Im perfect"
    I love Elden Ring and Rebirth but I can’t call either a masterpiece. OG FFVII I agree though.
I think a masterpiece redefines the genre, and I don't think Rebirth did that. 

Best combat in an rpg ever, but it wasn't groundbreaking, just extremely refined.
No too many things that took me out of the experience.
If you played the Original, then this game is indeed a masterpiece to you. There’s so much to smile and cry about. Hearing the music and saying “oh this is from…” or seeing a location and saying “oh wow, they really…” just never stopped from beginning to end. They expanded everything with so much love and dedication. I’m actually glad we didn’t get a remake on PS3. What a time to be alive lol
Nope. Game has issues and flaws that alot of people are choosing to ignore and hate on people who bring it up and not accepting their criticism. I like the game but its far from perfect.

A Masterpiece to me are games like Nier Automata, FFVII Remake, Elden Ring, RE4Remake, GOW2018, Persona 5 RE, RDR2, Sekiro, MGS1-4. Rebirth doesn't make the cut for me sadly.
    Not knocking your opinion but you included remake as a masterpiece. Rebirth Is better in every way in my opinion. What are the comparisons that make rebirth place lower for you?
        I don't consider a Ubisoft Clone inspired game a Masterpiece. 

Its Main Story and Characters and general Side-Quests are great but the Open World, half the Mini-Games and half the Porto-Relics Quest was not on par with the Main Quest and dragged the game down in my opinion. This is supposed to be Final Fantasy, not Final Creed or Far Fantasy. FF16 excels with its shorter semi-open world hub and lack of crappy/claggy mini-games and focuses completely on its story and world. Half of Rebirth is sidelined for pointless filler. 

Remake is better because it didn't have to throw constant crap at me to feel engaged. I was already engaged and it kept its focus from beginning to end. Rebirth feels like it tries to appeal to every fan of open world filler with the amount of over-content it has. It has no focus and throws crap into the game to see what sticks. Im not gonna be hyped for Part 3 at all if it's just more of the same as this game.
Yes, same tier with Witcher 3 for me, it's phenomenal.
Up there with Elden Ring and Witcher 3 as games that left me dumbfounded as to how the hell the devs managed to make this game.
Yes. Most games will never evoke in people anything close to what this game does. New or old players.
I think it was on its way. But the open world sections were such a let down. Side quests were alright but everything else in those sections just felt like such a chore
No. It's over stretched it's arm in content and is fascinating but there are problems with it for sure
Not even close, it was a bit disappointing for me. Story, narrative and pace have many problems.
    A million times this.
    I'd agree. There are many fantastic components but they're not all refined and cohesive enough to be masterpiece level. I found myself being mildly disappointed as many times as I was impressed. I appreciate it would be extremely hard to do at such scale, and people expect that type of scale these days, but ultimately it has an effect on the pacing and worldbuilding
No, it pads out in very awful ways.

Queen’s Blood is Gwent, doing it doesn’t give you any benefits, it just feels odd to include

Chadly’s quests are identical outside the protorelic: find 6 Ubisoft Towers, Scan 6 life springs, fight 6 variant monsters, scan 3 divine alter, participate in two chocobo Easter egg hunts, and fight 1 boss monster. I felt it would have been better to scatter actual side quests throughout the region like Remake did, but instead it does the same stuff with Chadly.
Definitely not.

It was hit or miss with narrative changes, overall with awful writing on critical moments.
Yes
Yes.
More so than most modern games people consider masterpieces like zelda, elden ring etc

It achieved something none of them did: Kept me engaged over 100+ hours instead of wearing me out halfway through and feeling like I had seen and done everything and was just repeating it over and over. When I reached cosmo canyon I was like 80 hours in and the whole area made my jaw drop. This is the type of town and area that most games put in the beginning to grab your attention not near the end of it. At hour 100 I was seeing the date sequence at the gold saucer, what other 100+ hour game can boast about having a moment like that THAT far into it?

Rebirth feels like a game from a lost era of gaming but taken to the next level. Like how ps1-2 rpgs were but then adding another 50 hours to those games while still constantly introducing new things and areas to you. I don't think I'll ever understand how they achieved this in the modern day.
    Keeping me engaged past 100 hours is something I resonate a lot with. I remember playing both Persona 5 and Xenoblade 3 (maybe 2 the games that a lot of people would say are the best JRPGs before Rebirth came out) and feeling burnt out and like the game was dragging too long by the time I got to the last 25% of the game or so. I was wondering if this was just how I felt about these kind of games now, but Rebirth showed me that wasn't the case.
        Yeah I really enjoyed persona 5 but that game felt like it was 2 palaces too long. And then royal added another one...
As someone who didn’t play the OG I’d say yes. Just from the scale of the game to the cutscenes and dialogue thats actually impactful. Certain parts of the game has really really good writing as well as actually beautiful music that really tells a fun and immersive story imo.
The problem with the term "masterpiece" is many take that word as absolute perfection. No such thing. Even the best games out there aren't perfect; there is always some sort of flaw we can find. But if we take the official definition of "masterpiece" which is: a work done of outstanding artistry, skill or workmanship, then I would argue yes.  I can critique a few things here and there, but I could do the same for Bloodborne which I also consider a masterpiece. 

&#x200B;

So yes.  A masterpiece in my opinion. NOT perfect in case people take the word in a different meaning
100%. Any game that could get me to put 100+ fulfilling hours of gameplay into a first playthrough at this point in my life, I consider a masterpiece.

And that doesn’t even begin to mention just how…daunting the ask was. I mean, a modernized FF7 experience? The expanded context, the music, the battle system.. the fucking *cinematography* does NOT get talked about or praised nearly enough. And that’s just because no amount of praise or recognition could actually *be* enough haha and everything else is so damn good! We have an expectation of how cinematics in games “should look” but sheesh.. I could have never imagined all that we actually ended up getting, in some of the scenes and moments I was the most excited to see recreated and reimagined.
For a standalone title, yes. For remake standards, not quite, but it’s still amazing.
Rebirth gave me a crush on Aerith at 30. I’ve never understood “waifus” now I get it
If they hadn't clumsily botched Aerith's dead so badly, then maybe? Also some of the mini games are obnoxious. Aerith's death is one of the biggest moments in video game history. It was a profoundly sad moment, and IMO they completely fucked it up by trying to convey both timelines at once. I couldn't feel sad like I was supposed to because like everyone else I was too busy being confused.

&#x200B;

edit: oh and god damn it, if you're gonna do Aerith's death then show us the water burial and the Holy materia bouncing off all those pillars, not just drop off the platform into the water. Make it the scene we remember.
    I totally agree with you, especially the missing lake scene, even the boss fight was way too long.

But there was one thing that counteracted all that for me: the epilogue scene where they are all gathered with the Tiny Bronco and crying over Aerith's death was truly incredible. It compensated for everything else before. I hadn't cried that much playing video games in a long long time.    
Also the the music No Promises to Keep playing on the last scene was gut-wrenching.
        That scene was definitely a nice way to end it
No. It’s a great game but I don’t think I would call it a masterpiece. They didn’t let the emotional moments breath before they just threw in some action, the mini games were hit and miss and way too many and other than finding the odd weapon there wasn’t a huge reason to explore. But damn did that nostalgia hit hard.
    Completely agree
Not even close.  It's a decent-to-good game, largely supported by the excellent minigames, music, and voice acting.  Combat is a messy affair of timers and meters duct-taped together, and new characters (Chadley, Mai, that 'merc' girl, etc) usually miss the mark.

It's not even going to be the definitive version of FF7 when all is said and done, and the combat will get will stale when trying to play 3 of these games back to back.  (It's already stale after 20 hours, much less 150+ hours).
    For me, I like the combat on a basic level, but think it has room for refinement and improvement to make it a bit less chaotic. Fundamentally it feels little different to Remake. If they were going to go the more chaotic route, it would have made sense to have a much wider variety of materia and equipment to experiment with, find, augment and make, which could have given a more interesting reason to explore. The materia system still feels very conservative, while they expanded all the abilities with convoluted synergy stuff and folios.
        I do have to agree with your comment  about the conservative approach the devs took to materia.


Like 25 hours in, I still haven't found an "All" materia to hit multiple targets.  The skill upgrades and accessories are all so, so meaningless as well.  Like +3% combo damage or +5% str bonus?  +3 Mp?  Really?


To me, it feels like they were afraid players would be able to break the system, so they gave just the thinnest veil of choice illusion possible.


The funny thing is players have absolutely found game breaking combinations despite this, stuff like one cast of any ability triggers 4x comet spells of party members for 0 MP.


Again, reasons like this make me feel they threw a bunch of shit at a wall, and I guess they threw enough shit that most players found it engaging.  Overtime, praise for that sort of stuff dwindles -- e.g. early after release FF8 combat seemed totally interesting, and later players revised their opinions.
            Exactly. Even just having small variations of existing materia to find or make with unusual restrictive or bonus effects like one that can cast Thunder attacks for less MP but that significantly reduce the opponents stagger guage instead of increasing it, or some new type of materia junctioning slot on a weapon could have made new finds exploring the world more interesting. Just finding or making unusual stuff with some variety. I haven't completed it yet but from what I've seen there isn't even a materia that can use Reflect
                Fully agree, I love the ideas you came up with.  That sort of system for materia could have been a huge hit for me, making materia more distinct since the total number of materia options are pretty slim (at least in the first half the game).
    That is a wildly backwards take. The combat is some of the smoothest on the market and the minigames are completely unbalanced.

N idk what you even mean by timers. Like there's a couple timed encounters I guess, but there is no timing system inherently built into the combat. And there are exactly as many meters as in the OG...

Otherwise Id agree.
        Sorry I'm happy to clarify a bit more.  As far as unbalanced minigames go, it might be true?  I guess I'm okay with them being somewhat unbalanced, as it's PvE.  I had a ton of fun with Queens Gambit and Condor specifically.

I thought the summon bar was a timer?  Does it stop filling up if you do less damage?  It seemed like it was moving along pretty constantly.

As far as the number of meters, broadly speaking:

1. ATB meter

2. Synergy points meter

3. Limit meter

4. Meter to start the summon timer/meter (not visibly shown but it seems it starts after X amount of damage, the summon timer/meter appears)

5. Meter to summon the summoned spirit (if I'm wrong about it being a timer).

From my recollection, FF7 OG only had a ATB timer and a limit meter.

Of course I'm omitting the standard HP and MP meters as well, and I'm not sure how would classify quasi-meters like the limit level.  I'm also omitting meta-meters to level stuff up, though there's a fair amount of that too (XP / Weapon Level / Materia).

Even if one liked the overlapping systems, I don't think smooth is a great word for the combat.  First, you're incentivized to constantly be swapping between characters, as AI controlled party members earn very little ATB, and without ATB, you can't cast spells / items / abilities, and without that, you can't earn synergy points.  It might be fun at first, but I think this is pretty disorienting after a while.

Secondly, enemy attacks are not very well telegraphed or communicated.  Part of this stems from the need to be switching characters frequently, so your camera and target enemy are changing frequently as well.  But more broadly, the attack animations are poorly communicated, making guarding incredibly difficult to time well.

Lastly, enemy attacks are often AOE, so you can't evade.   There's also quite a few unbreakable combos so that when you do miss guarding / evading, you get no chance to interact with the game (outside of switching characters mid combo).

I don't doubt some people find it fun, but I wouldn't call it smooth.  And I think it won't hold up well in 4-7 years when the whole trilogy is available to people to play back-to-back.
            Youre talking like summoning is a major mechanic lol it's situational, dude. They're not even available in most fights, silly. You don't have to pay attention to summons at all unless they pop up. Same with Synergies so long as you just keep using abilities (which theres no reason you wouldn't). So the only bars you actually need to watch are atb/hp/mp, as always. The rest is just there for convenience when you stop time virtually whenever you want, if you're interested.

Having the overlapping atb>synergy>limit systems are synergistic, they create the core gameplay loop: use abilities to build synergy, use synergies to build limits, and then use limits on stagger. This isn't super complicated stuff, especially considering, again, you can literally stop time whenever you want. None of these are in conjunction to one another...they literally supplement each other. Like thats how they function.

And when I say this plays out smoothly, as a testament to this: you can precisely and efficiently control 3 characters at once. Everything you need is there and it works, not even a glitch. You can't do that this well in any other game and everything works as intended, animations flow smoothly no matter what you choose, hit boxes are all tight, actions have a markable impact...this is inarguably some of the most solid gameplay, on par with even a Devil May Cry game. Most players tend to agree on this sentiment. Not to mention how this all works to support a multitude of viable playstyles through creative builds or team compositions. Don't like doing things one way? There's always another. Heck, there's even the option to bail on every battle to a second before if u wanna swap a materia and become completely immune to whatever is breaking your build, and there is always an answer to any problem (usually multiple). All of this is super player-friendly stuff.

So no offense, but Id imagine the troubles you're having rely less on the game communicating attack animations and more on your ability to read them. This is evidented in that, contrary to your claim, there are multiple playstyles designed around specifically countering attacks and they all work flawlessly enough that most people main them (the main character himself, and easily the strongest in the game, is entirely built around countering lol it's incredibly easy). These counter systems wouldn't be functional if the attack animations weren't readable.

Your camera and target do not change if you lock on, which you should almost always be doing. You can easily change targets even without locking on just by flicking the right stick in their direction. And there is no other reason to touch the right stick, so you shouldn't be changing targets by accident at all. This sounds like another you problem, not the game.

And yes, you can't avoid every attack. The combat is designed around mitigating damage, not avoiding it. Although you can still avoid it by using R1 abilities to teleport players out of harm's way if you choose. Or get good at Brumal Form, which is absurdly powerful But this is why there are so many defensive options, and why getting hit actually helps build your atb and limits. You're literally supposed to get hit lol (and, of course, defend against it with any of the numerous options you have at your disposal...all you have to do is use them instead of button mashing or repeating the same brute strategies over and over).

And contrary to your final sentence, Remake uses almost the exact same combat and it is holding up magnificently 4 years later. So that's just wrong lol

To the other point, I'd hardly call minigames like Fort Condor, Gears, the boxing, dolphin racing, chocobo gliding, or numerous others "balanced" or even "good". They're essentially generic mobile games. Even more, those coupled with lazy filler quests like "go here and press triangle 3x" are detrimental to the pacing of the game. Shinra steals a key after a huge emotional betrayal and you urgently need to chase them...but let's go on a bender with Middle Management instead and spend hours perfectly mastering multiple other, significaly lower quality games. That kinda stuff is devastating to the pacing of the game. It's literally the worst part lol
                To be fair, if you feel summoning isn't a major mechanic (yet it does have a bar that fills up / counts down on a fair number of fights), that's kind of my point about them throwing shit at a wall and seeing what sticks.  Even though you moved the goalposts, it still is more meters / timers than the OG.

Regarding "same with synergies", that's just completely false.  You need to keep switching characters to build up synergies.  If you just main one character, you'll never be able to use the synergy abilities.  So you definitely need to juggle between characters, making sure every character uses enough abilities to generate synergy points (though not every ability generates them).

For that matter, summons are much more frequent (and yet, about as powerful) as Limits.  So I'm not sure why you see Limits as a part of the core gameplay loop but not summons, aside from the fact that some synergies weirdly build your limit level. (Again, another random mechanic thrown at the wall.)

The camera locking on is a fair point but doesn't really solve the issue.  Because if you switch characters with a locked on enemy, whatever enemy that character was attacking is now often not visible to you, and can do more damage to that character.

The game isn't even in spitting distance of Devil May Cry.  The timing for defense / evade are way off.  Again, I do feel unable to read attacks, but had no trouble in other games.  Still, I'll keep an eye out for R1 abilities and Brumal forms.  I saw some R1 abilities that generally reduce damage, but did not see anything about Brumal forms.

I think most players who are playing Rebirth are those who finished Remake, so probably only a slim portion went back and replayed Remake.  The people who didn't play Remake because they wanted to wait for the entire trilogy to be released are still waiting.  But I could be proven wrong.

Again, I never said the minigames were balanced, but again I don't think a balance in a minigame is necessary.  It's mostly a fun diversion, it's okay to feel over or under powered.  Though I agree 100% if you include stuff like press X three times as a "minigame", then obviously there are some terrible minigames.

Enjoyed the debate though, thanks for the info.
                    Summoning worked the exact same way in the last game lol if they were throwing shit at a wall...it suck already. It's virtually unchanged. But there is no moving goalposts: the summon meter literally isn't there in most fights...namely just boss fights and a couple large or tough battles. N its there basically just to let uk you're fighting a boss and can use thusly them if u want.

Noone just plays one character lol. You have 3 characters, the game is designed around that. You're supposed to switch between them. That's why you can control off-characters with the triggers...you have to manage all 3. That's what the game is lol. Your main would just be your preferred Leader who's the core of your team's damage dealing strat.

And Synergies are built around what skilled players are already going to be doing in general gameplay...hence it's complimentary. And you don't even need to use them if you don't want to, you can play it exactly how you did in Remake if you choose. That's still a viable option right up to the highest challenges where you're rightfully expected to have mastered this game's mechanics by then.

The reason Limits are a core mechanic and summons are not is because Limits are always available and the entirety of combat is built around them. Limits are almost exclusively for when a boss is staggered and they hit like a truck even at lvl 2. Nothing in the game deals nearly that much damage.

The summons are actually kinda garbage for dps. They're for triggering elemental weaknesses and building pressure/stagger, but most of the time they're not even worth using because your abilities are better. And they are nowhere near as powerful as limits lol they're just utility and a small stat boost from the materia itself. The only ones that matter only really Phoenix as a clutch backup autorevive, kujata for elements if you didn't prepare right and dont feel like restarting the fight with three button presses, and maybe Magic Pot for largely inconsequential lil perks. To be cute about it.

But the only reason you would see summons more than limits is that you're not dealing damage (to build limits at all) and instead taking critical damage and dragging out the fight timer, which can trigger summons. It's basically doing so bad that the game has to intervene to save you.

Brumal Form is one of Yuffie’s abilities. She's easily the strongest character after Cloud and a common team Leader. You do a DMC air trick, Trickster Style. With how fast she builds ATB its super useful for just raining magic damage from any range with near impunity.

On that note, Cloud has Stinger, Million Stab, High Rise, and Helm Breaker in his moveset. Tifa has the down kick from Dante's gauntlets as her first ability, and more. I don't really feel like making a list but there is an absurd amount of DMC influence in attack animations and actual combat (with quick commands). Once you notice you won't stop seeing it lol
Yes
Sure
Definitely
Yes. It feels like a game that is special in so many ways and that feels like after the trilogy is finished we'll never get a game like this again. It truly feels like it should be impossible for a game like this to exist.
I think it's amazing. The only thing holding it back is the performance. This is one of those games that likely needs a stronger console or a PC to fully realize it's potential.
Yes absolutely. It was an incredible journey from the opening scenes to the end credits. Perfect? No but pretty damn close in my book
175 hours of my playthrough had me really considering it the greatest gaming experience of my life. Then the ending happened.
Genuinely curious since I have to wait for PC release. 

Is the combat more similar to like kh2 or nier or is it still like the first remake. From the gameplay I saw it looks a bit more hack and slash focused
On the ps5, no. But on PC, prob!
Yes!!!! I hope there’s a bit of less open world segments in part 3 though. A mix between remake and rebirth would be perfect.
Hard to say yes after just watching the ending, haha. Can I say it’s a masterpiece if I don’t understand it?
    I don't think it's a masterpiece, but they did an amazing job conveying the story compared to the original.
Yes, 100%
I did within the first 20 minutes lol
If performance wasn't so obnoxiously blurry it would've been a 11/10. 10/10 still good though
I considered it great. But I loved Remake more
I would say yes. Nothings perfect, my top 2 games of all time are Bloodborne and the original MW, and games like FFX, Halo 3, RE4/remake, Mario galaxy, Gears of War 3,  are all games I consider to be pretty much masterpieces, all of them have their issues and flaws you could talk about for days on end. But once a game hits an upper tier of me loving it to death, it just depends on if those problems bother me at all and they don’t in rebirth. Some small things may be annoying but the overall quality of the experience is up there with the best games I ever played like mentioned above
They give us a lot for the price of purchase, but I was...overwhelmed by the sheer volume of minigames I had to keep playing while I was still trying to get combat figured out.  Just...too many.  Kept wishing they'd made maybe half the minigames and then used the extra resources to develop the story more.
Yes, especially the parts that the trophy hunters hate
Yes... It is. 

I haven't played a game with characters voiced so well, the music is so well done, and the combat is amazing too. And there's a lot of content. 

I spent 120 hours on my first playthrough and I felt like I wanted even more game. Like I wanted to replay it instantly. 

Even Witcher 3 I got fatigue eith before I finished the game. And that game was practically a masterpiece. But FF7 is like if Witcher 3 had amazing combat ontop of it and even better music.

This game and Elden Ring are my absolute favorite games of the past 20 years easily. Then really it's a bunch of nostalgia games plus these, but this beats even like my favorite nostalgia games like Mario RPG, Zelda OoT and LttP, Xenogears, Mario World, etc.
Yes
Very very close. I think so
Yessir
Yes. The fact that they made me reexperience the same story again, makes it a masterpiece.

There are also a lot of optional contents, and the game is just a joy to play.
Hell yes. Perfectly made, just finished it with over 100 hours in my playthrough
No.

I thoroughly enjoyed the nostalgia trip and the combat was amazing, but it’s far from a perfect game.
Id give it a solid 98% masterpiece and 2% stuff id rather not have been there.
Yea! Not saying it’s perfect but I’d consider it a masterpiece given everything it achieves!
Yes
Yes. I’m not a fan of the multiverse stuff but this is one of the greatest games I’ve ever played.
Absolutely not. 

It's brilliant, but also very flawed.

Might just crack the series top ten (behind 9, 6, 8, 10, OG 7, Tactics and 12).
Rebietj expanded ff7 im a way i could neber have imagined that it made me thankfull i have never given up on life.
I’d be suprised if it didn’t win GOTY
No, not imo. But that depends on your personal definition of masterpiece. I thoroughly enjoyed it though but don't see myself replaying it anytime soon. Fully completing the game tried my patience.
Yeah ! It’s pure ecstasy and magical fun. Although some story segments are a little juvenile and ridiculousness for me but I’m willing to overlook it cause everything else is made with so much love !
In the aggregate I’d lean toward Yes, but Rebirth is a tale of two games for me. The first ~7.5 chapters are essentially flawless. The cracks of a few questionable narrative decisions started showing for me around Corel Prison, and then the next few chapters (Gongaga, Cosmo Canyon, and especially Nibel and Temple of the Ancients) had some real issues. Cid’s characterization didn’t quite land for me. The minigames went from fun to just painfully excessive. 

None of those issues takes away from what felt downright magical between Kalm and the first Gold Saucer trip. The first ~30 hours or so were some of the best moments I’ve had gaming in the past decade.  Junon and the Corel Ascent were just masterpieces of game design. I’m just bummed they couldn’t retain that momentum throughout the remainder of the game.
Yes
Yes. The story broke me lol I have never gotten so emotional over a game like that before. And just the mystery surrounding everything thats going on has me playing more and really trying to find hints and breadcrumbs that tell me whats going on and whats happening in part 3. What do you guys think is happening? Seems like 3 main theories Ive been seeing are Aerith is alive in one timeline and dead in the others, its all in Clouds head, or end Aerith is Jenova and they are manipulating Cloud hard. I believe #1 but going to be diving into it again and watching closer
Yes.  It's the best final fantasy and jrpg in the last 20 years
The story, open world and terrible materia UI held it back from being a masterpiece to me.
my only problem with rebirth is that the soundtrack isn't on spotify yet

i need that shit in my fucking VEINS PLEASE MY FRIEND
In a way I’ve not felt playing a game since 7-10s original releases. 

The only other game that has come that close for me is Final Fantasy XIV, which I also consider to be a masterpiece.

There were perhaps a few too many mini games, but the length and depth of the game, the detail of the story, the expansion of characters, engaging battles and differentiated zones made the world very immersive and attention-capturing (and not overly linear). 

I hit a bit of fatigue in Gongaga, but overall, I can confidently say this is the best Final Fantasy in decades. Without hesitation. They nailed it on every conceivable front anyone could possibly hope for. Any marks against it are so inconsequential they don’t even leave a mark.
Maybe not masterpiece level but definitely up there with some other amazing games.
Yup, 141 hours in trying to complete the Plat. I spent 75 playing the 1st game prior. Feel like this is the only game iv played this year.
100%
Yeah. The game held my attention all the way through. The sheer amount of unique music for all locations, interactions, fights is absolutely astounding. There were other moments where I just had to stop and take in the scenery. Chapter 12 and onwards is just banger after banger for story.
Yes no question , the soundtrack is better as entire games
That first part leaving Kalm and going into the open world, I’ll never forget that feeling. Just looking at it and taking it all in and saying to myself wow this is what it could have been like without the hardware limitations back then. To see the devs vision come to life is truly spectacular. If I didn’t have to work I would have played allll day when it came out. This is by far my favorite game of all time and have no complaints about it. Can’t wait for the last chapter to be told!
I think it's an absolute triumph. But I'm also as nostalgia blinded as it gets. It was my childhood and very formative. I do have some criticisms of the game, but I do for every game I love.
Its gonna be when they release the remaster version with the graphic upscale. Its gonna be amazong
Not a masterpiece, but close. There are a lot of tiny annoyances like clunky movement with chocobos sometimes and Chadley repetition and annoyance. And perhaps its greatest sin, changing Heavy Tank/Tankceratops into a regular dinosaur. 

But with that said, this is a magnificent game. It invokes feelings of PS2 jrpgs. I'd say this is the best jrpg I've played since 2005, personally. Many people complain that there's too much side content, but I like having extra options in rpgs. Most of it is optional so I don't get the complaints. However, I do understand the complaints about the mandatory mini games. I personally enjoyed most of the mini games and I love doing side content in jrpgs to break up the constant battles. 

This game also has one of the best looking worlds and one of the best soundtracks. It's crazy how good every region looks. The only area I wasn't that impressed with visually was Temple of the Ancients. 

And finally, the world building is peak. So many amazing characters and side stories. They made Yuffie and Cait Sith into incredible characters. Im not usually the biggest fan of side quests, but this game has some of the best side quests I've ever played. And the voice acting was great from most characters, especially Barrett.

Overall, I think this game sets the bar pretty high for jrpgs. And part 3, if they play their cards right, might end up being an actual masterpiece.
    Yeah I really don't understand changes like the Heavy Tank given the bizzarity of some other enemies and how they incorporated the Hell House into the first installment. Nor why the sandworms are now so small
Overall yes. It does have its flaws, but frankly, considering how many pros it has, I believe it deserve to be considered a masterpiece.
For me: almost. The whole ending & Cait Sith sections really missed the mark IMO. But if Part 3 can improve upon the weak areas in Rebirth, then I think it will definitely earn and deserve the title of masterpiece.
100%
Yes. It maybe had too much filler/stalling things in the primary story. That's my only complaint.
Honestly yeah. If FF games are gonna be action RPGs from now on I hope they take after this one going forward. Also it's been one surprise after another every time I think that I've peaked and nothing will surprise me something comes around the corner almost immediately. From small things like one of the queens blood opponents being voice by fucking Ian James Quartet meaning I got to get called an asshole by Radicles from Ok KO. To more serious stuff like characters from all over the FF7 anthology showing up in unexpected places.
No. Did I love the game? Yes, absolutely. But its too early to cal it a masterpiece for me; it needs to percolate for at least six months, ideally multiple years before I'm willing to give it that status. Frankly, I don't think its going to sit with me all that long... middle of the trilogy and all.
One of the best games I've ever played, yes
Yes.  While there are some things I didn't like (the performance mode) and some things I hated (a few of the OPTIONAL mini games), overall, this game ended up being the best gaming experience I've had in YEARS.   The original game has a special place in my heart....and this was nearly everything I could have hoped for.

Easily the most entertaining group of characters I've ever experienced in a game.  I'm still kind of blown away
Yes! <3
When a video game makes a grown ass men shed tears over intricate relationships and make you feel feelings you don’t really get lots of in real life like nostalgia and sense of accomplishment (when finishing super
Hard challenges or mini games lol) wept through the last 5 mins of the game I have to say it is a master piece.
Yes, there might be some recency bias but it has become one of my top 10 favorite games ever. The character building and relationships are extremely deep and feel real and just genuine heartwarming/heartbreaking moments make me more emotional than anything I have played before. The open world while maybe a tiny bit padded has so many good activities and side quest that stuff like the towers doesn’t really annoy me. The core combat is the best meld of action and turn based that I have seen in a game and should be the formula for combat going forward in the series. I can understand complaints about the ending but I’m just accepting where we’re going and think that Square Enix will make it all pay off in the finale. I really don’t have any complaints about this game and it enhances the FF7 characters so much that I think even if you don’t like the multiverse stuff you should just play it and ignore it because it make the original FF7 so much deeper.
best game square enix has made in 20 years
I'm not a nostalgic person and never really vibed with FF7 all that much. Overall Remake and Rebirth made me like 7 more but that's about it. I still dislike a lot about it and Rebirth frustrates me to no end at times despite having lots to love.
Yes. One of the best games I’ve ever played (maybe even top ten). They really knocked it out of the park.
Yeah. More or less.
Yes, but I'm bias, and at the end of the day who cares what I think lol.

I love the game 10/10, game of the year easly for me.
I think some of the games that people would consider masterpieces of the past few years would include Elden Ring, Tears of the Kingdom, and Baldur's Gate 3. Perhaps Alan Wake 2 and God of War Ragnarok belong in that conversation too, although I haven't played either. As an aside, I've seen people compare Rebirth a lot to Elden Ring and BotW/TotK, especially when critiquing the open world, when I think Rebirth is actually in design much more similar to God of War. I think that's kind of unfair, since Rebirth imo is about its linear overarching story before its open world exploration. If the games came out in the reverse order, it would be silly to say for example "Elden Ring's exploration is good but its characters are not as interesting as Final Fantasy Rebirth."

To me, this game is a masterpiece. The highs of Rebirth were just as high if not higher for me as any of the above games. I felt like I had just as many "how is this game real" moments as I did with TotK or BG3. Sure, the game has flaws, but so do all of the other games that are considered masterpieces, and the flaws are not big enough to drag it down in my opinion. 

I'm seeing some people say that it's not genre-defining, but I would argue that it is even if it isn't introducing some mechanic or concept that is completely new. It's the most ambitious and (at least in my opinion) the best JRPG ever made, which should mean a lot. I'd argue that BG3 is similar in the sense that it is fundamentally doing something very similar to its predecessors, but is the greatest in its scale and ambition (I say this as someone who absolutely loved both Divinity Original Sin 2 and BG3). I'm not even sure that I would say that the Rebirth hasn't introduced something new because the combat is stellar and unique (although I guess you may decide to credit that to Remake). I'm actually surprised we haven't seen other games try to do something similar.
    >I'm actually surprised we haven't seen other games try to do something similar.

Im sure se will see similar combate after GOTY this year. Can't imagine how a game has to be to beat Rebirth this year without an announced ps big IP, a from soft one or a big Nintendo IP (don't consider totk a masterpiece, but botw even I'd I don't like none of the too much).
        I mean you never know. Tears of the Kingdom looked like it was going to win GOTY easy no contest until Baldur's Gate came out. I think FF7 Rebirth is now my favorite single player game I have ever played and would love for it to win GOTY, though if something else comes out later this year that is even better, that would definitely be a good thing.
            Totk for me was never a true contender. Is the same game of Botw with more levels on maps and besieged/Kerbal mechanics. It a very well and polished game, but not revolutionary as botw. 

Like Ragnarok, I like ragnarok much more than 2018 but I think can never beat Elden Ring, since the impact on the videogame community was huge. The revolutionary game was 2018, ragnarok was so continuist.


>that would definitely be a good thing

I'm not a fanatical, so I'm totally agree with you. The only think I mean is it hard to find a well made game like rebirth in a short period of time.
                I mean the media discourse around TotK was that it was the clear GOTY frontrunner when it came out. I think just calling it BotW with some extra polish is a bit unfair because the fact that the Ultrahand mechanic exists is insane. Fair enough that the exploration that made BotW revolutionary was just iterated on in TotK though.

My personal opinion is that even the best games are often not that revolutionary but build on what is already great. Baldur's Gate 3, for example, was widely praised as being revolutionary, but as someone who played DOS2 well before, it is kind of the same thing but with a AAA budget if you want to be reductive. I think a lot of people thought it was revolutionary because it's the only exposure they've had to that kind of game, and that is worth something, but that doesn't meant that what it is doing is totally new or unique. Similarly, a cynic could say Elden Ring is Dark Souls but with an expanded open world. I'm not saying that's my opinion, just that for most of even the very best games, they are often doing the same things that other games have done, just better. That shouldn't necessarily be counted against them any more than say counting mediocre combat against BotW or an opaque story against Elden Ring.
Last fight ruined the game. Octoslash Prime insta kill? Fuck Square.
Final fantasy 7: the first soldier was a masterpiece
If it weren’t for all the mini game mechanics
Rebirth so far seems to be "how many bad knockoffs of other devs work can we put into one game and call them 'minigames'" There's more mini games than actual story in this game so far

Remake was honestly the better game

But maybe my opinion will change if I get out of the slog that is Costa Del Sol
I don’t like lots of aspects of this game. I don’t like the ending and boss fights. So it’s basically me not liking something about the game. As of the game itself - it’s the masterpiece, yes. One of the best games I ever played.
💯
Absolutely, to promise an open world with choice and flexibility and still be faithful(mostly) to the original source is enough to call it a masterpiece.
It's up there as one of the greatest games I've played, it's pure squaresoft RPG nostalgia and I loved every damn second of my time with it.
I don’t know if they give out voice acting awards for games, but this entire cast nailed it out of the park. It is the best voiced game in a very long time.
It's a masterpiece in terms of music and the character cast we have going on the way combat is is also pretty good but I don't think it's an overall masterpiece tbh the padding can get pretty rough the open world can feel very very samey with the Intel the ending is very convoluted as well... Regardless though unless something else comes up this year it's pretty much the goty for me despite it's flaws
It brings to life one of my favorite stories of all time in a way I never would’ve imagined and fleshes out the world and its characters while offering an interesting change/retelling of that story. Seeing those character brought to life was such a treat and I have to say I loved every single second of this game from front to back. Absolutely an all timer for me personally, and I cannot wait for the next one
Witg that confusing ending no but Max theory about the ending of cloud not being able to pro was what happened just how he couldn’t process Zack faith helps a little


Though to be fair… the scope of the game is massive and I the quest are good so thinking about it again…

Yeah masterpiece. But falls short from the impact of the original.
Not yet, no.  That's a title I hold exceptionally high standards for -- a game doesn't have to be "perfect" to be a masterpiece, because nothing is perfect, but Rebirth does have just enough holding it back from those lofty heights.  In order for the Remake project to truly be seen as a "masterpiece," it's going to take the whole of the trilogy to do it, not any of the sum of its parts.

Having said that, Rebirth is as close as we've gotten to a true masterpiece in this franchise since 9.  I don't even think reaches 10 those lofty standards, and 10 is legitimately *great*.  What holds Rebirth back for me, beyond the simple fact that it's not a complete story, is mostly the ending as it stands now.  It's an ending that's entirely dependent on what comes next; it simply doesn't work on its own, and it \*needs\* that full picture.

They've set up some really lofty themes with both Remake and Rebirth, and those themes must pay off for this trilogy to be a true masterpiece -- because we have the potential for something that's never been done before within this medium if it all comes together in a meaningful way.
I always take my time before declaring a game a masterpiece or a 10/10, my thoughts in the hours/days after beating a game might change over the months and years, hell I haven’t even done a second playthrough maybe the cracks will start to show then 

Rebirth might not even be the best game this year by the end of December although it is currently the best game I’ve played this year but it’s not a million miles ahead of either persona 3 reload or Like a dragon infinite wealth
Yes
Yes. Best story, most 3 dimensional characters I’ve ever played, and what has to be the single most impressive musical collection for one piece of “art” that’s ever been recorded. Im a union post production music editor (and just a human lol), and the music gives me chills constantly.  The amount of love that went into this game deserves to be recognized as much as anything else
Yes.

I have some gripes, but it was one of the best games I've ever played. It's in my top 10 now without a doubt. Probably the best game they've made since X imo.

I'm really hoping it snags GOTY.
Absolutely
I think Skill Up’s review is exactly how I feel about the game, so yes
Yes 100%
Yes.
I made me replay Remake again because I still can't let go of the world and characters I'm so invested in. Hasn't feeling like this for a long time. So yes, it is a masterpiece.
Yes, without question. It’s an astounding achievement by any metric, and a true love letter to the original Final Fantasy VII. It’s ambitious, fun, moving, and packed with both quantity and quality. 

The dev team should be incredibly proud of what they’ve created, and I can only hope that part 3 at least matches Rebirth because I have no idea how they could top it.
I give it a 9. Endings are a feature, and I think the ending has serious flaws in delivery.
it might be the best game I've ever played, so yes
I absolutely do, it’s one of my favorite games that I’ve ever played. Maybe not one of the “best” technically and it has some issues here and there, but this is without a doubt everything I imagined in my mind when I played it with my friend in the second grade back twenty something years ago. The characters, the story, the way the world is designed and the combat were all just phenomenal to me.

Normally I chafe at nostalgia bait and hope that these remasters and remakes have more to offer than just “it’s that thing but prettier!” But Remake and Rebirth have gone way beyond that. I absolutely love both but Rebirth is the superior one.
Without all the minigames, yes.
Yes.
I struggle to think of other games which invoke the feeling of going on a globetrotting vacation with your pals, which kicking some bas guy butts. 

For this reason alone, its a masterpiece for me. Was constantly in awe at the locations. Games dont do that anymore
It was the until they stuffed me with mini games for every little thing. Remake I walked away saying it was one. Not this one. This feels like the Matrix part 2, incomplete. It's visually great, love the combat overall, and the nostalgia.
   I disliked the mini games, lack of old materia combos like added effect, Limit Breaks hidden behind synergy moves, and some of the story changes here n there. Still an 8.5 outta 10 if im being HYPER critical.
Yes. It's very rare I'll sink over 100 hours into a game.
Unfortunately no, this isn't a  Final Fantasy masterpiece to me. This was a game that built up big moments and failed at delivering them. A lot of the character moments had a lot of flip flopping around, it's almost like they couldn't decide what to do or how they wanted the characters to be. They spent so much time on mini games and exploring the world with Chadley appearing to tell you what to do next when he could have just been a pop up alert on a menu. I feel like half of that time could have gone into developing the stories and finishing ideas that they planted here and there instead of so many mini games. Certain original characters becoming so important later on for no real reason, parts of the story getting rushed over and not developed when you spend all the time and hour before feeding a chocobo, original characters getting so much screen time when two of the party members get slipped over...I don't know....I was disappointed with it. I love the original so much that I wanted to see it done right. There were parts where I felt like it was being perfectly adapted and other parts where I felt like it was fans trying to make the perfect fan game or bring their au to life. It looked absolutely fantastic tho and was fun to play even with some parts being a little janky here and there, but yeah I think my biggest problem was rushing and building up to the important story beats and then rushing past them to get to the next part or the next boss fight. It took its time with random exploration and rushed the story when it needed the time to breath. I think the first part was a better adaptation for me so it's hard to call a game like this one a masterpiece. If you loved it and think it's a masterpiece then I'm happy you think so!! I'm happy it meant enough to people to call it a masterpiece. It just wasn't one for me.
Absolutely a masterpiece except for the ending being very subpar. They could have given us an ending that mostly everyone would be happy with even with all the new additions but they chose not to. 


For anyone who played the og, aeriths death was UNANIMOUSLY one of the most shocking and saddest moments in gaming history. This is not the case in rebirth and doesn't even remotely come close.


 Instead we are left DIVIDED with some fans loving and being ok with the ending/aeriths death and others hating it.


This was completely unnecessary and avoidable.
No. I feel like it's so close... But it's too obvious with a lot of it's story building in a lot of places. Lots of the world doesn't feel too organic.

VS say...

The Witcher 3. That games feel is what I was hoping for and instead we got a better FF16/15. Certainly better... But not quite there.

Ofc, there IS a lot of good and I feel there are improvements to the original. I think Cloud loses a bit of his importance and stronger relationships... In exchange we get a lot of party member importance and their relationships.

There's a lot to discuss with the game. Just... Not a Masterpiece. Here hoping the third game finally hits the mark.
its a masterpiece
Absolutely. It sets the bar for Square Enix going forward. Remake was excellent and they made it better in every way.
I have high criticism for each of 12/13/15/7remake/16. 

This is the best one they've released since the 1990s.
Yes by my own merit and if you where to compare to any of the games coming out today, i really dont see competition in anything except maybe graphics but only because they held back i assume due to the sheer size and haul of the game.
Fav game ever but shit man. Legendary bout with Zack says hi.
Yes, but I hope Part 3 will come full circle to a satisfying conclusion; otherwise, it would just render the stories of Remake and Rebirth completely bonkers.
As an OG player, I will give it 11/10. Minus 1 mark because of Chadley, so 10/10.


My partner (who only knew FF=handsome anime bois with spiky hair) is amazed by the combat and story. She kept asking me what's next.

I think that's a great success since it managed to capture the attention of non FF fans
Absolutely. While I am a bit of a mixed bag when I think about the story changes / multiple universes / annoying mini games /ending, I have to say that this was such the experience I've so desperately craved from a FF game in a long time. I'm so looking foward to the next installment, but not sure how they'll be able to surpass this masterpiece.

&#x200B;

I still can't get over the intro to the Gold Saucer area. Had my jaw dropped the entire time, it was so great.
Yea
I’d give it a 9. Not a masterpiece tho. It’s three things that made it lose a whole point for me. Chapter 11 with one fight and using a certain character, the fact that the proto relic side quest is pointless until hard mode is started and you can start the quest in your first playthrough but can’t get the best rewards, and all the mini games you have to do to literally do or access more content in the game.
Not quite. Loved the game, still thought the ending was poor. I liked Remake's ending enough, largely because it didn't necessarily sacrifice any moments from the OG. Can't say the same about Rebirth, but it might grow on me.

I generally agree with most of the changes from the OG and don't think the game needs to replicate it 1:1. That said, there are still a handful of changes that don't seem to add anything to the story and just detract. Minor stuff, but keeps it from being a "masterpiece."

I'll need to spend some more time with the game and let it sit, though I expect my final opinion to be an 8 or 9/10.
I think it's near perfect. Graphics are the only thing I can really complain about, and maybe a little bit of the new story elements being confusing, but it's a great translation of the original game. It's pretty remarkable
It definitely has it's issues, mainly the Chadley, open world stuff, that mostly takes away the feeling or the meaning of exploring, since everything is already pinpointed for you before hand. Besides that, I found most of all the other stuff great, or outstanding, even.

I loved every little tweak they made to the combat and the Synergy stuff is so, so good. I can't imagine going back to Remake and not being able to do those attacks. It was the main thing I upgraded every time I had the chance, and still missed a few abilities on my first run.

Also, kinda tied to the Synergy stuff: the dialogue choices and relationships. Loved how they handled all the date stuff, it felt very organic and like all your actions and attitudes towards your friends were rewarded.

The attention to detail, specially in regards to secondary characters. Loved that everyone had their little time to shine and little character arcs. Also, so many call backs to stuff that happened in Remake.

The NPCs! I for one loooove listening to every single NPC dialogue, as I did back in the original lol. So many conversations felt very natural and added even more depth to the world. It truly made it feel very much alive.

The world. I mean, yeah, the actual exploring isn't very rewarding as I mentioned... but, man. I didn't expect the game to be THIS big. Region after region, each one looking so different, with different chocobos and ways of traversing. And then... the Tiny Bronco! I was smiling so hard when that finally happened

The music. Well, what can even be said at this point? It's the best there's ever been. And more.

The minigames. I enjoyed most of them and spent hours and hours playing Queen's Blood. I also liked that it had its own backstory. Chocobo Races and Fort Condor were also highlights for me, as expected. Special mention goes to the frogs minigame.

And last but not least, the story. I still don't know exactly how much I liked the last chapter, since on a first run it does seem a bit confusing, but overall it was wonderful, just wonderful. How they added depth and new stuff on top of it to pretty much everything is something I will forever appreciate.
Coming from FFXVI (which I did enjoy, I will say) VIIR just has so much CONTENT. The character development, storytelling, sidequests, the equipment and materia system. It has greatly enhanced the original, allowing us greater insight into these characters, and their relationships to each other. Every chapter was a treat. And in the modern day, the ecoterrorist anti-capitalism message is sorely needed again.
there are some things i take issue with but the good so greatly outweighs the bad that i can very comfortably call it a 10/10
I see it as a celebration of VII's legacy. It is a tremendously well crafted game that really lets you enjoy spending time with the characters that made such an impact back in the day. The locations, the music, the mechanics... everything contributes to create a wonderful experience.


About the story I have some concerns since I absolutely dislike one of its major features and some changes here and there are not my cup of tea. Others were spot on though.
I hated it. Everyone loves it though must be a masterpiece. Most generic game design. Uninspired story telling.
Think the term "masterpiece" is too much, I'd say it's an outstanding game that needs a bit of embellishing. 

\[\] Stuff to look into:

\- The pacing and tone 

Looking at Dyne's death followed closely by humorous Robo-Frog fight... please allow the player to breathe a bit, sit in that sad emotion before picking up the plot again. I don't mind a tone shift but it has to be well paced in my opinion; it just didn't work for me. 

Same with the ending moment... I didn't cry over "Rebirth" Aerith's death because my brain was trying to comprehend what was happening. I think now I've learned, rainbow cast light equals a new world in this multiverse story. A version of Aerith is alive in a new world (with a new Stamp dog) and the Aerith us players has known the longest (from the Beagle Stamp dog realm) is dead. Anyway.. it was very confusing to how they showcased that scene. I finally got it but if they had the camera view from Tifa's POV, we saw Aerith die and be in that sad moment for a bit; that would've helped draw the viewer in. Maybe Tifa starts to cry and the camera lens becomes watery/blurry.. a perfect time to cut to how Cloud sees the world. Maybe Cloud whispers under his breath... *"That's right, I remember what occurred"* then we see from Cloud's eyes (3rd person view) how he blocked the blow from Sephiroth and saved Aerith. Only after that realization the scene blends both worlds as Aerith is in Cloud's arms like what was featured in the game. 

\- Limit the loose items about

I was okay with it in the city where that lady built her cardboard box fort but it took me out of the game when some of my party members were running at full charge and leading a chair along with their legs. Hope in part 3 they tweak that system in some way.

\- MAI sound settings

Once I realized in the settings area there wasn't an option to silence or mute MAI, I was a bit annoyed. Yes this is a nit-pick but everything should be fair game to commenting on. I'm a player that enjoys mostly the music when I'm in battle and hearing MAI drone on about the monster stats truly bothered me. I didn't enjoy those fights as much because her dialogue got me tensed. I would've muted my television but didn't want to play in complete silence. Anyway, if she's in part 3 hope the developers will add a toggle for MAI voice in the sound settings.

&#x200B;

\[\] Stuff I enjoyed

\- Bonding with your party, building off friendships/relationships

\- The timed choices, many-choice answer moments 

\- Boat Shooting Gallery game

\- Dolphin Mini Game

\- Elena's personality 

\- Adding onto Chocobo Billy character

\- Shinra Middle Manager employee returning

\- Tifa's fall into the Mako; liking this new direction and mystery

\- Aerith and her (dreamy-state) date with Cloud ; again I adored this new experience

\- The Trial segment 

\- Subtle music motif shift in the Gold Saucer depending on who is with you; it was very cute

\- Lanterns in Cosmo Canyon

\- Red doing Michael Jackson moves
I do. It's one of my new favorite Final Fantasy games, and it significantly raises my opinion of the Remake Trilogy as a whole. I got insanely high expectations now for part 3, but if they meet anywhere close to them then the Remake Trilogy might be one of my all time favorite game series period.
I took a couple weeks off cuz I was getting burnt out on the repetitive open world but I'm back to it at least for now. I also prefer the combat of remake I feel like this one is more erratic other than that the game is great.
Yes. It gave depth to all the characters.
I do, despite some weird choices at certain spots in the game.
yes, easily the most well made and insanely fun game that i’ve played in the last 10 years.
Ngl it's pretty close for me.
Absolutely. I thoroughly enjoyed Remake, but Rebirth is in another league. I get that a lot of people have complaints because it's not a 1-for-1 perfect remake of the original, but I personally enjoy that more. The depth in this series so far is just so enticing!
Yes
Absolutely
Yep, the only thing I hate is that we have to wait for part 3. Still hoping for a 2027 release.
Yes
The first 75% yes. But the temple and onwards felt so bad and unfulfilling. Butchered the story and the last boss gauntlet was not very fun
Definitely
For sure. Both Remake and Rebirth are masterpieces. I could go on and on about all the things I love about the games but my favorite part is hands down the story. I grew up on FFVII no different than most older millennial gamers out there. I adore the original story so much, but I know it inside and out and I would have been pretty disappointed if they just rehashed the story in the remakes. Not only did they do a new spin on the story, but that new spin is awesome AND it makes the original story even more relevant and good. Hands down awesome games.
No. It's a great game but falters in some very key areas.
I feel like a masterpiece brings everything together cohesively feeling like one whole big convincing and consistent world. This isn't quite that and has some jarring elements and odd design choices so far and bits of what I've heard happens later. Given it's a partial remake it's also hard not to compare to the original, and there are some active changes and choices made where the original came across better or with more atmospheric variety, or ironically, density. Its certainly a very high quality game though with a level of effort we rarely ever see these days. I feel like if it had another year worth of refining with a few different choices it could have been, but schedules and budgets are at play and it was good enough to release.

If they carry on improving the series with this level of effort as a template ( also stemming from the strengths of XVI and 7Remake, and continuing to look at what made older RPGs great to play) it's inevitable there will be a new definitive FF masterpiece in the future. The issue is they'd gone off track for 20 years in one way or another (XII, XIII, XV, and wasting time on a million inconsequential side projects) and now trying to figure out what it would have looked like in today's era if they had kept on track.
10/10, but it would be an 11/10 if the open world bullshit was toned down.

Way to many data points that were all functionally the same, and it was a checklist rather than a sense of discovery.

I think if they removed the towers and the springs, had one hidden dungeon per region where you challenge the summons at the end, kept the protorelics, and had you find materia in the open world / get if from drops on the enemy intel instead of having chadley make it, and only marked stuff on the map after you located it yourself, I would have had nothing at all to complain about.
I loved and i am a huge fan of the series, i finished the game today with 105 hours and i can say that i liked 90% of it.
The best was the interactions between the main cast, square nailed it, the world and combat is the second, history was a little too repetitive in the last section of the game, but also had the peak there too. 
I absolutely hated some minigames, i didnt remember how i hated them in the original (tiffa gym, boxe, cactuars, the one with mini robots i think is new ) , but the chocobo racing was the best one , and the queens blood itself i liked too. 
To me was better than remake but not perfect, i dont feel like i want to unlock everything and replay it so soon  specially because of some mandatory minigames, but i loved to play
I loved the majority of the game but I think they really missed the mark on the ending. I guess that's just a problem when you break up a single game into a trilogy.

I prefer they don't change things in the story but if they're going to do it then they need to fully commit.

I still don't understand why Square Enix is so against providing a 1 to 1 remake. That's really what all the fans have been wanting.
BG3: Masterpiece

  
Rebirth >> BG3

nuff said
My 2p worth, and to start, I frikkin love this game. But...

I think technically it's fantastic how much they've squeezed into a game that in the og would have been a world map, 5 towns and a handful of dungeons (or thereabouts)

Technically from a performance perspective, it's lacking in some areas but I get it.

Where I think this becomes a masterpiece is the realisation of parts of the OG that only existed in gamers minds and imagination. 

I think Max Dood said is best about remake "the developers, they get it". That's to me what makes it a masterpiece.

Note I've only just got to Costa del sol !
Yes.

Fleshing out the characters, the story itself, world, battle system etc. Personally, I classify something to be amazing when I’m so invested in the characters and I get post-game depression. This did that for me and way more. That extra “more” made me classify it as a masterpiece. But again, it’s my opinion.
Not quite. While there are many aspects of rebirth, important aspects at that, which are masterpiece tier, there are things I just can’t get past.

The biggest offender is the enormous quantity of frustrating, and half baked mini games and other side content. It’d be one thing if they were “take it or leave it” but in many cases they’re not. 

Having platinum locked behind frustrating garbage like glide de chocobo, the frog mini game, sometimes literally sniffing out collectibles randomly in the open world, etc. You can’t even max your folios without doing mini games several times over. 

There are also issues with the lighting making characters look weird, jarring texture pop-ins, story pacing, some frustrating zone designs, unnecessary and unlikable additions from “solemn” Gus to Mai. 

There’s a LOT to love about rebirth, and so far it’s certainly my goty. ***Masterpiece*** though? If so, that bar is too low.

To me a masterpiece is a 10/10. Rebirth is a solid 9 at best, but could potentially be a 10 for me without the issues I mentioned. If this wasn’t a ff7 game, it would be an 8/10 tops.

Solid game that’s well worth full price, and deserving of carrying on the torch of the most beloved entry in the franchise I hold most dear. A masterpiece however it is not.
Not quite. While there are many aspects of rebirth, important aspects at that, which are masterpiece tier, there are things I just can’t get past.

The biggest offender is the enormous quantity of frustrating, and half baked mini games and other side content. It’d be one thing if they were “take it or leave it” but in many cases they’re not. 

Having platinum locked behind frustrating garbage like glide de chocobo, the frog mini game, sometimes literally sniffing out collectibles randomly in the open world, etc. You can’t even max your folios without doing mini games several times over. 

There are also issues with the lighting making characters look weird, jarring texture pop-ins, story pacing, some frustrating zone designs, unnecessary and unlikable additions from “solemn” Gus to Mai. 

There’s a LOT to love about rebirth, and so far it’s certainly my goty. ***Masterpiece*** though? If so, that bar is too low.

To me a masterpiece is a 10/10. Rebirth is a solid 9 at best, but could potentially be a 10 for me without the issues I mentioned. If this wasn’t a ff7 game, it would be an 8/10 tops.

Solid game that’s well worth full price, and deserving of carrying on the torch of the most beloved entry in the franchise I hold most dear. A masterpiece however it is not.
Not quite. While there are many aspects of rebirth, important aspects at that, which are masterpiece tier, there are things I just can’t get past.

The biggest offender is the enormous quantity of frustrating, and half baked mini games and other side content. It’d be one thing if they were “take it or leave it” but in many cases they’re not. 

Having platinum locked behind frustrating garbage like glide de chocobo, the frog mini game, sometimes literally sniffing out collectibles randomly in the open world, etc. You can’t even max your folios without doing mini games several times over. 

There are also issues with the lighting making characters look weird, jarring texture pop-ins, story pacing, some frustrating zone designs, unnecessary and unlikable additions from “solemn” Gus to Mai. 

There’s a LOT to love about rebirth, and so far it’s certainly my goty. ***Masterpiece*** though? If so, that bar is too low.

To me a masterpiece is a 10/10. Rebirth is a solid 9 at best, but could potentially be a 10 for me without the issues I mentioned. If this wasn’t a ff7 game, it would be an 8/10 tops.

Solid game that’s well worth full price, and deserving of carrying on the torch of the most beloved entry in the franchise I hold most dear. A masterpiece however it is not.
Not quite. While there are many aspects of rebirth, important aspects at that, which are masterpiece tier, there are things I just can’t get past.

The biggest offender is the enormous quantity of frustrating, and half baked mini games and other side content. It’d be one thing if they were “take it or leave it” but in many cases they’re not. 

Having platinum locked behind frustrating garbage like glide de chocobo, the frog mini game, sometimes literally sniffing out collectibles randomly in the open world, etc. You can’t even max your folios without doing mini games several times over. 

There are also issues with the lighting making characters look weird, jarring texture pop-ins, story pacing, some frustrating zone designs, unnecessary and unlikable additions from “solemn” Gus to Mai. 

There’s a LOT to love about rebirth, and so far it’s certainly my goty. ***Masterpiece*** though? If so, that bar is too low.

To me a masterpiece is a 10/10. Rebirth is a solid 9 at best, but could potentially be a 10 for me without the issues I mentioned. If this wasn’t a ff7 game, it would be an 8/10 tops.

Solid game that’s well worth full price, and deserving of carrying on the torch of the most beloved entry in the franchise I hold most dear. A masterpiece however it is not.
Not quite. While there are many aspects of rebirth, important aspects at that, which are masterpiece tier, there are things I just can’t get past.

The biggest offender is the enormous quantity of frustrating half baked mini games and other side content. It’d be one thing if they were “take it or leave it” but in many cases they’re not. 

It’s ass having platinum locked behind frustrating garbage like glide de chocobo, the frog mini game, sometimes literally sniffing out collectibles randomly in the open world, etc. You can’t even max your folios without doing mini games several times over. 

There are also issues with the lighting making characters look weird, jarring texture pop-ins, occasional weird immersion breaking animations, story pacing, some frustrating zone designs, unnecessary and unlikable additions from “solemn” Gus to Mai. 

There’s a LOT to love about rebirth, and so far it’s certainly my goty. ***Masterpiece*** though? If so, that bar is too low.

To me a masterpiece is a 10/10. Rebirth is a solid 9 at best, but could potentially be a 10 for me without the issues I mentioned. If this wasn’t a ff7 game, it would be an 8/10 tops.

Solid game that’s well worth full price, and deserving of carrying on the torch of the most beloved entry in the franchise I hold most dear. A masterpiece however it is not.

The ability for the game to evoke nostalgia is certainly masterclass however. In no way do I think any other remake, reboot, or remaster even comes close to the accomplishments of the rebirth team.
More
Almost a masterpiece. Too many Mini games kill the pace in my opinion.
    The ones that don’t have to do?
        You have to do them for platinum.
            You don’t have to platinum the game. Your perfectly capable of getting your money worth without getting a digital sticker
                I understand but I like to platinum games. So, for my review, experience to platinum matters.
Recency bias is showing heavily in this sub. 

It’s a fantastic game, it is not a masterpiece.
    People can absolutely feel that it is without it being recency bias.
        Of course they can, and they might be right - but the game is a month old. If we’re all still playing it in a decade or two and enjoying, then I’ll concede it may be a masterpiece.
Absolutely. It is not perfect but it exceeded my expectations and I'm an OG FF7 fanatic. The moments and interactions between the cast are amazing, even better than in remake and the open world really blew me away, I wasn't expecting it to cover so much of the world map in a single open world map.
It feels like a masterpeice. I dont know what they could've done differently to make it even better. I was blown away by pretty much everything they did (except for maybe>!the Cait Sith part in the Shinra Mansion, I hated that).!<
Yes
The third disk of the OG I can barely remember so I’m really looking forward to experience it again because unlike remake and rebirth I honestly don’t know what to expect.
    Part 3 will actually mostly be the 2nd disc. Rebirth literally ends at the same spot as disc 1
        Ah. It’s been a long time! Even better then. Forgotten City and Northern Crater is going to rock.

Edit: they shoehorned the forgotten city in right at the end. Tbh it’s a good play to conclude the second game. Can’t wait for part three!
Yes. It's not absolutely perfect. Chadley can go F*** himself, the moogles are nightmare fuel and the timeline stuff, while intriguing, is a little convoluted. However, those complaints make it go from a 12/10 to an 11.5/10 for me. It's absolutely phenomenal.
For the most part,yes...however,the mini games made it into a love/hate kinda thing with rebirth
If it didn't end the way it did, I would've. It's still a 9/10 for me tho.
Just the way they portrayed the art and feeling of the original FFs makes it an artistic masterpiece.

I have played a lot of Final Fantasy games, and whenever I walked through Kalm, or the Haunted Hotel, or ANY other location, I could picture in my head the exact look they would have in their PS1 era.

All of this without it being entirely out of place within a semi-realistic graphics kind of game, it's an INCREDIBLE achievement in its own regard, and one I rarely see mentioned specifically.
Genuinely depends on how I’m thinking about it. Gameplay and mechanics it’s a masterpiece but the storytelling you genuinely cannot call a masterpiece yet
I do, but I also acknowledge that most of the game feels almost tailor made to me personally. Even the “Ubisoft” style open world is the kind of open world I tend to enjoy. I like having a clear goal while exploring otherwise I tend to get lost too easily. Aimless exploration even when done very well like Elder scrolls tend to make me lose interest pretty quickly. I acknowledge this isn’t an opinion everyone will share
Yes and no. Yes in terms of primary narrative and content. No in terms of side content. The amount of minigames that are just unfun to the point of frustration is astounding. Moogles is literally just Kingdom Hearts. Glide de Chocobo, most of the Gold Saucer, the shooting mini game in Costa del Sol having terrible controls.
Yes, it is.

Is it perfect? No, but I don’t think there’s a perfect game. It is, however, the best experience I’ve had since I played Witcher 3 for the first time (my favorite game of all time), and that is saying a lot.
I am incredibly sad having finished and platinum it. If a game makes me feel that way knowing I’m done with it to me it’s a master piece
Yes, it’s awe inspiring
Yes! Not only because of nostalgia or story etc. But the character building is zo good. And dont forget about the world building. This is one of the best open worlds I ever played. Cant wait for part 3 with the snow biom and airship traversel.
No it's very flawed. Sure you can skip all of the bad parts mostly. But for 100% it's annoying. Some mini games are just bad. The cait section in chapter 11 is just bad. The graphics on performance mode are just bad. Remake was a tighter game at its release. Imo masterpieces dont have badly coded mini games. Im not saying it should be perfect it just cant be bad or frustrating because of bad design.
Yes. It is honestly a return to form for Square. I was losing hope that Square can make a GREAT FF game. Towns/Cities were lacking in charm in most of the recent entries. The story is also kinda lackluster. But Rebirth showed that they are able to still make games! 

Perhaps Square is losing the creativity in making games from scratch, but it seems like using old games as a base allows them to focus on graphics and just improving on old assets.
Yes. It was fantastic.
It was up until brutal challenge 5. Now I hate it and want to personally slap Hamaguchi
Yes. I love it. 

Not perfect and without flaws but all of my favorite FFs or games in general are.
I typically hate card sidegames in games. I got far too easily hooked on Queensblood. So yes, masterpiece for me. 

Rest of the game is awesome too.
While I don’t think any game has ever been perfect, I would for sure call rebirth a masterpiece.  When the OG came out I was like 8/9 and it blew my mind, I couldn’t fathom what it must be like now at that age playing something like this, unfortuanlty I don’t think they’d appreciate it as much as we did in years past
Yes
Yes. It’s in my Top 5 games
One of the best games I've ever played. Can see past its shortcomings. Grateful for the devs making my childhood come alive in such massive scope
I loved the game.. I hate the platinum requirements.
I think, setting aside the nostalgia for the characters and the setting, it is \*structurally\* one of the best games if not \*the\* best game Square has released since its later 90s/early 00s golden age, and for that reason alone yes, and I hope it serves as a foundation for FF games going forward both in terms of its mechanics and its broader gameplay systems. I think above all it shows the benefits of mechanical iteration in terms of gameplay systems, something Square hasn't really attempted since the days of FF9. I'm excited for FF7 Re-3 whenever it releases, but I think more than this I am hoping that the foundations serve as a good basis for which the FF devs to build future, entirely independent and novel, instalments of the franchise.
Yep. I rarely open my ps5 but this game made me want to play it everyday.
TBH, its above average really.   
the gameplay is pretty good for a jrpg, but the new main thing about this game (the open world) is super basic and barren and still feels like a linear driven game, you don't really have that much freedom gameplay wise.   
Ubisoft did it better in the 360/ps3 era. 

  
  
The new thing on the gameplay side, Sinergy Abilities and Skills, are a fun and cool idea, but badly implemented, completely ignorable, and bloats the game with multiple skill strees that you have to upgrade for every character. Don't get me wrong, I think this is the best FF there is, but it is still an mid+ game on 2024 rpgs standarts.
For me it personally is. I can’t even imagine how part 3 can top this.
A couple of isolated parts of it, maybe. The whole thing no.
It was absolutely a masterpiece. They nailed the game in just about every way I could imagine.
I’m literally grieving for a fictional Schrodingers cat so yes it’s a masterpiece
Yes. Since I haven't played in 25 years or so I don't remember all of the twists. The character interactions and body language are doing an excellent job foreshadowing the twists for new players. Most of the features are great, that's just what really stood out to me.
Yes 11/10
Not really a fan of multiverse but everything else are just perfect, i was dissapointed with how they killed the party system at XVI and makes it a single character journey but Rebirth just fill me with joy that i didnt have anymore for a long time from JRPG ( the recent SO2R also great btw ) and cant wait for Suikoden remaster now until 3-4 years of part 3.
Yes, specially the Gold Saucer part. I really enjoyed playing all the minigames there. Feels like the way I played the minigames in the OG when I was a kid.

I just wish they included the basketball game, hope it makes a comeback on the 3rd game.
As someone who didn’t play the OG nor any FF Game before except FF7 Remake, I can say that Rebirth took everything that Remake did well and improved upon it.

It is a masterpiece for me personally although I wouldn’t say it’s faultless. 

I would rank Rebirth similarly high to recent great’s like Elden Ring and Baldur’s Gate 3.
Na. I couldn't put down Remake, I'm struggling to motivate myself to play Rebirth.

There's still quite a bit of room for improvement I would say.  It's definitely not perfect. It doesn't feel like a final form.
That's the thing I gotta remember about this game( I haven't finished it yet).  It's all about leaving no stone unturned, fighting every fight, and doing every side mission there is to do.   I do get a little annoyed with having to find the shit Chadley wants you to do, the Intel reports, summon crystals, towers, mako pockets, finding buried bullshit with chocobos, and then playing the stupid card games.   Lol.  I realize that when I start to get annoyed with the game, that is when I turn it off and come back to it in a few days.  I am really taking my time with this one.   Given everything I've been bitching about, it's still the best remake of any game I've ever played and the nostalgia for me is through the roof.
Yes, every element of the game was lovingly crafted and enthusiastically received by me. Can't wait for part 3.
No.   It would have been if not for the mini games… they almost ruin the game.
The story is great but the exploration was awful. Every area the same crap that had little to do with the story. The towers and all the other stuff got so repetitive (for me), but I like the changes they’re making and the combat is fun.
Certainly. Despite its inherent flaws, it evoked all the feeling from the classic OG into a brand new product
The game is awesome overall and I've had a ton of fun with it. But I'm going to be in the unpopular camp and say I prefer remake overall..

The open world has seriously hit the polish that remake had, this game is ugly in comparison, and buggier. The menus are uglier and less responsive.

I also think the game has poorer pacing (not that remake didn't have some issues here) story felt slow to me, with too much focus on the silly stuff. I don't mind that stuff, but I just didn't think it was spaced out well.

Frustrated that some stuff from the first game wasn't addressed, like still no materia loadouts, and the fact that AI behavior can only be modified via taking up precious materia slots. Please just bring back the gambits from 12, or at least a simplified version ala KH.

Frustrated at the equipment system that you can't get multiples of the best equipment or have to choose between stats and materia slots.

Anyways it seems like I'm hating, nothing could be further from the truth. I haven't been on a binge on a single game like this in a VERY LONG time, probably not since Remake. Combat is thrilling, and I honestly love just running around casually on the world map, listening to the overworld music, getting into fights, doing quests. Despite all my bitching, this game is doing something VERY, VERY right.
No. It is by all accounts a great and very engaging game, but you can’t ignore the plethora of really flawed mechanics and bloat.
 No, I don’t think it’s a masterpiece. It’s very, very good. The story is fucking stupid. There are a lot of annoying Ubisoft-like quests. Pacing is bad. Some of the gaming mechanics (cait siths box throwing shit) are so annoying that they induce rage in some. Those are really my only gripes with the game and why I don’t think it can be considered a masterpiece - a masterpiece should be perfect IMO.
Nope mini games drags it down for me
Everything aside from the side content and the mini game galore and the unsatisfying graphics by current gen standards, the game is a masterpiece. They managed to make me cry, again. Just when I was starting to think that maybe things could be different.
Definitely not. While the presentation is top notch, the story is incredibly messy (and imo) less compelling than Remake's. In addition, the open world is incredibly formulaic and the game could stand to trim a lot of it's fat.
It's surpassed expectations.  The ending is the only thing that stops it being a masterpiece.  Think they've tried to be too clever and create suspense but I just feel cheated.  I know alot of people are fans of the ending but it's the one major thing I disliked.
Borh yes and no. It has flaws like in everything, but what the game shines is the storytelling, the time they took to ake you care about everyone, the value in it. They have so many rights and only a few wrongs (looking at you mini games).

I'd like part III to be a little more darker. Wait and see they says.
It’s the best game of this generation. Of course it is.
YES

OBVIOUSLY YES
Yes. I think people hyper focus on flaws sometimes. I tend to focus on the overall experience more than dissecting every individual design choice.

The overall experience was amazing. Were there flaws? Sure, but nothing is perfect. The positives massively outweighed the negatives for me and that's what counts.

I think the phrase "flawed masterpiece" exists for a reason, and it applies to Rebirth for me.

The combat, characters, party interactions, music, atmosphere, and presentation of the game are all outstanding, truly exceptional, and they make the game. The side quests and minigames overall I thought were good to very good. Some weren't, but that's to be expected when you have so many. Overall I enjoyed them though.

The open world is fun because the combat and characters are fun. The activities themselves are nothing special. They aren't bad, they aren't amazing, they're fine, but you can get away with that when the core gameplay and characters are so fantastic, and the fact that it's optional makes it hard to complain. I do wish exploration was more organic and player-driven than checklist-driven, but it's not a big deal to me.

Story was great for its characters, not so great for its narrative and pacing imo. That's my big criticism of the game. Some of the main story sections, like dungeons for example, were not well paced imo. The level design was better than in Remake but not good enough for how long these dungeons go on.

I'm not a fan of the whole alternate timeline / whisper stuff but I have to reserve my full judgment on that until Part 3. And as important as that plot line is, it really wasn't a very big part of my 130 hour playthrough. Like the dungeons, it's hard for me to view it as a big con when it was a tiny portion of my total play time.

The towns are amazing. They all are full of life, characters, and activities, they feel like the kind of great JRPG towns we rarely get in modern games. They're just these big, charming hubs with great music and a lot of personality. The environments in general are great.

Ultimately the game lives and dies by its characters, its combat, and its music, I think if all of those blow you away the way they blew me away, then it's easy to see why one might call this game a masterpiece. 

It's a grand globe-trotting adventure with one of the best casts in gaming, one of the best soundtracks in gaming, and one of the best combat systems in gaming. For me, those are the core of the experience so they massively outweigh any complaints I might have.
I'll wait for part 3 before I draw any conclusions about the story. As for gameplay and the variety of things you can do, I can't ask for more. :)
100%
It's close for me. I haven't finished it yet, but I think the gameplay is great and the character development is fantastic. My complaints:

 - alternate timeline nonsense to shoehorn in a bunch of compilation material and justify it as a sequel. It's still fun, but as a long time fan who's played all of it before, it seems like they're just trying to cram everything else in there in some context to draw attention to the rest of the compilation.

 - the mini games are all fun, but it almost feels like "too much"? it's cool to go back and play some of them whenever for better prizes and whatnot, but it still feels like a lot to have appear as even just brief parts of the core storyline.

 - folios are a step up from what remake had, but there's not much distinction between what the different characters actually *get* - at least through level 7, so far

 - materia variety is a ton better than remake, but they seemed to take care (at least up to where I am) not to enable any overpowered combos; maybe that's just me, but I felt like a frickin' genius when I leveled up multiples of something to equip in several places to add a variety of effects when something is used. I mean, even added effect+poison, man. c'mon.

 - Aerith turned a whole lot more "cutesey" in this game, with the exception of a couple scenes so far, though I expect this changes as I keep going, so this is really just minor. For now.
100%.  Everything about this game was a magical experience and while I have some very minor issues with it, it is VERY much my favorite game of ALL time.  Number 1, straight to the top, bypass the line right into VIP.
I don't know.

I've been telling people that I have never loved anything this much that I have hated so much about.


And... I think that might just be a unique enough feat to fall into masterpiece territory.
It’s fun as hell but it isn’t a masterpiece
I really really liked it. But the ending made me confused. Which would be fine if I didn’t have to wait 3+ years for the conclusion lol!

I also love mini games but some of them weren’t that fun.
I have a bit of nostalgia when it comes to FF7, but not like everyone else.

That being said, it was everything I wanted and more.
It's deeply flawed so no but it is very fun. It's a big achievement for Square Enix at this point in time
I got sucked into the story, I cancelled sleep at times to see what was next. Hadn't had that since the early 00s. Remake was good, Rebirth was next level. Part 3 has a lot to live up to.
It's close. Loved the world. Loved the characters. 

There are some missed opportunities with the story. Really wish they would have added some narrative propulsion to the whole thing - given the characters more motivation and a reason to be going on this epic journey. Some set pieces could have been better also.

All in all though, a great game, even if I still prefer Remake.
I think it is a masterpiece but still has a few really unnececary flaws. The storytelling and how it's tied together with the music is absolutely masterful. 


My favourite videogame Story in terms of atmosphere by far. Battle System is also great. 


 However they dragged out too much with the minigames in between. They are well done but it's way too much and has negative impact on the flow of the game. 


 And in postgame they completely dropped the Ball. Postgame is outright bad and I will have to put all my gripes regarding that into a separate post.


The parts with playable Sephiroth were amazing, I want a game that plays completely through Sephiroths side of the Story from becoming a hero in his youth to wherever it will end after Advent Children
Its not a flawless game but it's the most fun I've had playing a game in such a long time. If 3 sticks the landing it'll be my favourite game of all time (currently Suikoden 1 & 2 together)
I would say yes but they tied the story so intricately to the legacy of the original it's hard to judge Rebirth on its own merits.
Just to start this off, FFVII is my favourite game of all time and probably always will be. Characters, story, music etc. The whole universe. I’ve even dedicated my entire right arm with a full FFVII sleeve. I’m highly biased towards it.
However, Rebirth is far from a masterpiece for me, unfortunately. 

8.5/10
It’s mostly amazing but let down by A LOT. 

Pros
Story was absolutely amazing but I have issues with a couple of aspects in it. But again, mostly amazing.
The music? Damn. God tier stuff and injected me with nostalgia and goosebumps every time I heard a new piece. Nobuo is a god. 
Cutscenes were ridiculously good, once again. 
Chapter 1, 4 (specifically the parade, woah!), 12, 13 and 14 for me were by far my favourite with some good stuff in between. (12 because, you know, reasons..) 
Queens Blood. Great fun. Loved it! 
Voice acting was top tier and getting to see my favourite characters go through everything they did was just stunning to watch. A certain someone losing his shit and massacring shinra soldiers and then.. afterwards, just as an example? Wow. My jaw dropped and then some. 

Cons
The side content was some of the most boring and tedious stuff I’ve ever played in my entire life of gaming. (People complained about FFXVI side content and I mostly see why but I’d take that again over what they gave us in Rebirth all day). 
Whatever chapter you control Cait Sith in shinra mansion? Wow. I genuinely wanted to stop playing. 
Considering how biased I am towards FFVII, if I didn’t force myself to ignore the side content at a certain point, I honestly don’t think I would’ve finished it which honestly worried me.
Combat, in my opinion, was perfect in Remake and ruined in Rebirth. It’s not terrible or anything but again, I felt like it was perfect in Remake/Intergrade. 
CHADLEY. Chadley had no right whatsoever having so much screen time. That stupid little device taking over and locking you into that animation etc and listening to him talk shit every single time. The one time he actually interrupted the story and said something like, ‘I know you’re busy but..’ - wow I lost my shit. Whoever made that decision needs tomatoes thrown at them as they’re shamed through the streets. 
Difficulty. Yeah I know, get good whatever. I don’t play these games for a challenge but I also don’t want them to be too easy as I get bored. That’s why I play them on normal. Normal on this felt like hard mode but at times that didn’t make sense. Boss battles? Only struggled with 2 I think? But then random enemies would absolutely annihilate my team. Made no sense whatsoever. Perfect parries etc and finding those specific perfect weaknesses should be on hard mode (within reason). 
Awesome little moments during exploration ruined by being turned into dumb mini games. Summon knowledge stuff and the lifestream wells/crystals for example. 
Towers. Do I need to say anything there? Vomit.

A long read, apologies. But that’s everything about it that’s on my mind. 

Ultimately I much preferred Remake to Rebirth.
Will I get part III? Absolutely. Of course I will. But, Rebirth has now made me anxious for it.
I don't think I've ever played a 130+ hours of a story driven game, and at the end was sad that there wasn't more.
No way, the game has far too much justified controversy to call it a masterpiece. Performance mode issues, no inverted support for some minigames at launch, pretty generic checklist open world, no support for materia swapping or loadouts despite having a hardmode centered around constant adaptation and forced party changes, extremely convoluted and noncommital ending, patches that break side quests and arent fixed for a month. The VR kinda sucks at the end, the flavor of difficulty they picked was not enjoyable, 10 round battles where you have to constantly grind through 9 rounds to repeat the 10th, it didnt feel fun or challenging, it was frustrating and repetitive.
Absolutely not lol it's a good game, but its also a pretty obvious step down from the previous entry. Minor spoilers ahead:

The bulk of the actual gameplay is garbage...namely the laughably unbalanced, low-effort minigames ranging from wannabe mobile games to bastardized Chinese knockoffs of better games like League of Legends or Rocket League, along with your standard open world filler like running across the map to hit triangle 3 times. Or running across the map to hold triangle. Rinse, repeat 30 times.

Of a 100hr playthrough, ignoring cutscenes, the actual meaningful content (the main story + combat trials since they utilize the actual skills you've been polishing the entire game) takes maybe 20 hrs if you're really, really slow. The other 80 hours is running to points like you have a checklist and learning to play a million other worse games. 

That's a HUGE problem. In terms of pacing, this is nothing but damaging. You're interrupting the story for multiple hours to essentially play a completely different game. Oh no, Shinra stole a plot key and you urgently have to chase them? Let's go be pirates instead, then fight an island of gods, then go on a Las Vegas bender with their middle management. The pacing is absolutely whack.

And while smooth brains might argue "it's optional"...no it's not. Shut up lol the best gear in the game is directly tied not just to doing the optional quests, but doing them WELL. Meaning you actually have to sit down n learn every game and complete them nigh-perfectly. It's like you're going for your black belt and have to wash you sensei's car for your test. Makes no sense lol

This creates a glaring contrast...where Remake was structured so the chapters were streamlined such it can be played almost as an arcade game in the post game, Rebirth is wierdly disjointed, often consisting of just warping somewhere to watch a cutscene then warping somewhere else and fighting something, repeat. It's nowhere near as engaging anymore.

The core gameplay, however, is of course as solid as before. Another good thing are the character interactions. It's clear a huge amount of thought went into the banter and relationships within the core cast. That's probably the part people think of when they use words like "masterpiece". And yes, this stuff is very good. The core characters are genuinely great. 

But then you also have stupid af nonsense convoluting the whole thing. Events that played out subtly before are now blatently told to you like you're some kind of idiot. Sephiroth is still the awful Advent Children version that loves Cloud and shows up waaay too much for the fanservice. At one point Tifa falls in the Lifestream and is literally saved by Sephiroth. Yea he fights a goddamn kaiju for her. This is cringe central. Why the hell is this garbage in the story? It exists simply to make the player ask that. There is no reason. This is Kingdom Hearts writing creeping into the story with every Whisper.

So no, this game isn't quite on par with a masterpiece. It has alot of good things and it has alot of bad things. Once your hype comes back down a bit and you can look at it more clearly you'll start to notice the problems. I highly doubt a year from now you're going to go: 

"Yanno what? I feel like trying to steer the fattest chocobo on Gaia across Cosmo Canyon again" 

or "Gee, I sure miss racing a dolphin 20x in a row to get it exactly perfectly for some Dark Matter" 

or even "hey bro what's the 2025 Fort Condor meta?"
No. It has some good parts, and some astoundingly mediocre parts. Also, most of the good is stuff from the original  (the story, the characters, the music). Most of what they added made it worse.  Calling it a 7/10 would be generous
Not even close I put over 100 hours into the game and it was a boring mess but I think Final Fantasy just isn’t for me anymore
Not even in the realm of close.
Pretty mediocre. The fact that anyone can think that it’s a masterpiece is worrying. No reason they couldn’t remake FF7 in a single game, the pacing suffers greatly as a result. They basically want to milk that cash cow to the last drop. 


It’s an on rails checklist simulator. What’s good in it was good in the original, they just made it dumber. The combat can be pretty good at times, but the bloat drags it down heavily.
    And ironically the bloat isn't even where the bloat would be more interesting to have, e.g. on the materia system (and equipment)
Not even close for me, one of the weakest Final Fantasy games ever made for me. Stretching a 8-10 hour section of the original into 80+ hours through a boatload of half-assed boring minigames is not a masterpiece in my eyes. 

If only they devoted more than 10% of the game to the amazing combat and great character interactions. It just isn’t enough for me to look past how much of the game is an absolute snoozefest and a chore.
Nah...

never played OG FFVII.

I was thrilled to finally see why everyone heralded FFVII as their fave game of all time.  I played Remake and LOVED it... and eagerly anticipated part II

Rebirth just wasn't as good as Remake for me.

I've got the platinum for both games, and Rebirth's plat is so much more of a slog than Remake's.

Also, the Ubisoft-tier "open world" (that boils down to checking off a list, rather than actual meaningful exploration)  does nothing for me... and otherwise weighs down a solid core story experience.

Oh yay... more turning on re​mna​wave towers and lifespring scanning.  Truly the pinnacle of gaming!

I also disliked most of the open world ​chocobo traversal save the one you get for Nibelheim that can hover.

Also... The 10+ yr old games from the Mass ​Effect Trillogy allowed you to import da​ta and meaningful choices from the first game into the second, and from the first two into ​the third, etc​.. so why did Square choose to not have anything carry over from Remake into Rebirth whatsoever?  It's totally possible, and a letdown that literally nothing carries over.

The game's still great... I love the story thus far... and I'm happy they really ramped up the combat simulator challenges... b​ut at t​he end of the day, people slammed Remake for having too much filler... and Rebirth doubled down on it.

Oh... and if all the minigames were sold separately for $1 each... I'd buy exactly 0 of them.
Absolutely not, it's a 7/10 and that's being generous, and here is the why:

**Horrible pacing:** the game has too many ubisoft mechanics thrown into a sandbox that are reused in every zone, are low effort, and provide nothing meaningful. Everything becomes a choir and check list instead of a world explored with rewards given for ground discovered.

Dungeons that take anywhere from 4 to 5 hours, with a boss fight that takes an hour due to having 10 phases. The game is messy and all over the place.

**Low Effort Side Quests:** The side quests provide very little to build on back stories of those whom the quest focuses on, or are at times just straight up boring, slow, or infuriating and childish.

They weren't all bad, but when they are bad it's a damn eyesore.

**Over use of mechanics with too many variations:** too many minigames that are not a one and done and left to the player to indulge in but tied to progression via items, materia, SP, and accessories. Queens Blood is however legit.

Too much of a good thing sours it, and when everything is a spectacle nothing is a spectacle.

**Kingdom Heart'isms:** The story is absolutely trashed my Nojima's fever dream nonsense. I don't mind cleaning up the story, interjecting in some new ideas, but if Remake was the canary in the coal mine at what was to come then Rebirth is the gas that kills us all. The pivotal moments of the original are either down played or absolutely destroyed, and the Whispers are absolute trash while Sephiroth is over used time and again.

The ending which should of had the biggest emotional pay off is absolutely killed off by Nojima's bullshit.

**Combat:** They've turned it from a fun semi-action game into a full on brutal fighter, that slogs due to the sponge like HP of monsters, and punishes the player overly with lock outs and rag dolling if they don't learn the mechanics of a boss fight, or face 1 shot mechanics if an appropriate item isn't worn, which just leads to death spirals. Aka you're learning MMO fights, their phases, and progressing to earn the win while having to lean on items, materia, and so on. Which should be something gated behind the Hard mode, but is simply the base experience.

**Emotional response:** Zero, I felt nothing but anger and annoyance at many of the decisions, other than seeing Tifa's knockers in a swimsuit which you'd think global homo would erase, but it's the one glint of gold in a mountain of shit.
The circlejerk going on here is jarring lol. There’s a lot of shitty things about Rebirth. It’s bloated. The chests never have anything of remote value in them. That means there’s next to no reason to explore the map. Speaking of exploring the map, it’s a pain in the ass because the edge is not clearly defined at all and navigating a world with terrain without a jump command is a nightmare. Did I mention the 25+ mini games that are forced on the player? There’s a bunch of materials you can collect but they’re not rare, or exciting, and crafting becomes quite pointless. 


FF7 Rebirth is PACKED with half baked features. The visuals and music do not carry the game. I don’t think I’ll finish it and the original was my favorite game for most of my life. A real shame, almost a bigger shame that this game was marketed to people who are not fans of the original and these comments show. 🤮
Yes
Yes. The people I see online who don't consider it a masterpiece, nit pick small flaws. My question for those people is "what game doesn't have flaws?" A game or piece of media doesn't have to have zero flaws in order to be considered a masterpiece or else nothing would
    By this standard, any game you like is a masterpiece.

A masterpiece leaves a mark on the industry, it extends beyond its intended demographic and influences future work for years to come.

We can't detriment the latter yet, but the former is quite evident: this game is not discussed outside of final fantasy forums what so ever.
        I disagree with popularity determining a piece's masterpiece status. By that logic, top of the billboard chart pop songs would be masterpieces because they have way farther reach and popularity than other niche songs. 

My argument is that some people online are looking at FF Rebirth or any other media that would be in masterpiece consideration and try and look for flaws. If they find any flaws whatsoever, no matter how small or nitpicky, they disqualify it as being a masterpiece. 

My counter argument is that there isn't a piece of media that you couldn't find flaws in. You have to go out of your way to nitpick flaws in Rebirth and I consider it to be in the top percentile of games ever made. A few nitpicks shouldn't diminish it's status.
            I'm not talking about popularity as a metric, im talking about reach and influence which are entirely different things. Og ff7 wasn't just the most popular and sold ff game, it also left huge marks on the industry decades after its release and have influenced other great games, the combination of said influence with its unique narrative, setting, characters and excellent pacing made for a masterpiece.

I don't think you really know what nitpicking is, as many including myself voice clear and elaborate criticism of rebirth, nitpicking would be saying "the game sucks cause clouds outfit is more blue than purple" or that one track of the score is kinda bad and hence should impact the general score.

Calling a game a masterpiece simply for liking is it ridiculous, this is the highest possible accolade for any piece of media, and the fact this question has even been asked only speaks to the gaming communities inability to accept scores below 10/10, a 6/10 game is good, but a 10/10 should be groundbreaking, genre defining and talked about in depth for generations to come.
The only discourse I hear about rebirth is speculation about the mystery box the game has been constructed as, which isn't the same as the critical discourse surrounding "masterpieces" .
[deleted]
    There is plenty beside the ending to criticize with the game, but don't let that spoil your enjoyment of it!

The fact that criticism is seen as some kind of personal slight to those who like the game is a massive issue with the community.

I like to engage with any media with a critical eye, im involved with writing, music and storytelling in general so ill scrutinize those aspects harder than some, and in this instance it has lead me to dislike the game.
Yes.

It's not perfect. But when discussing how good the game is, we don't ask, "is this one of the best Final Fantasy games?". We ask, "where does this rank amongst the all-time best RPGs?".

That means it's a masterpiece.
I don't think it's a masterpiece but it's very, very good. I don't think it's quite on the same level as Elden Ring or BG3, which I do consider modern masterpieces. I can't really explain what's missing though. I just don't feel that very specific way about it.
Yes it's not up for discussion. Done.

Source: I've played so many games that were kinda great and/or shitty in disguise for what feels like the past 15 years so a masterpiece is a smack to the face.
I did until I realized how many side quests there are and how tedious a number of them and the mini games are to complete them. Other than that sure.
Trying to not come from a biased perspective, I want to say that it is because there is just so much to this game. The world is full of optional things to fill your time. You're not handheld to go perform meaningless tasks beyond getting your first chocobo. After that, you're free to go about things as you wish, wanna run the story go run the story. Wanna get lost get lost for 3 hours in the grasslands, and explore everything? Go for it. I absolutely love that there is no fomo of side quests and optional content in this game as there was in remake.

On the topic of side content-- wow is there a lot to do but there is a lack of creative variety with these battles. Pressure, stagger, kill in time. There were, I think 3 or 4 battles that had a unique objective of getting a debuff or kill before an attack gets used. I would love to see more explored here and different objectives added, maybe kill a fiend using your summon or fight only using your ATB with spells.

The proto relic story was a lot of fun and gave a lot of looks to things that happened in remake that we didn't see and all the mini games associated with them. On that subject wow the number of minigames available and again outside of a few key story points all optional to interact with which I love. I hate forced interaction with minigames that are required to be completed to then progress the story.

The music in this game is so varied and amazing I can't even fully put into words how often I was blown away. Wanting to put the controller down and just take in the tracks that were playing, there was only a handful if that, that I didn't care for personally. 

I did my entire playthrough on graphics quality, I'm usually an FPS stick in the mud kind of person but I wanted to see what the game could look like being offered at its best the console could deliver. I'm planning to grab this on pc to have a more enjoyed experience when that comes at a high fps high fidelity experience but for what I got out of the ps5 I am happy.

Post game, hard mode, crafting, mastering materia and everything available. I'm currently 117hrs into my file just finishing up maxing all materia before going into hard mode or doing the remaining 10 wave battle simulators. I fully intend to do a proper full new game+ experience in the near future and I probably will sink an additional 40-50hrs into the game completing it.

The game feels 100% complete, there doesn't feel like anything is missing which is so rare these days. If they do expand on dlc content for cid and vincent I would happily buy it but I almost feel like they wont especially given their words of wanting to jump into the next games dev cycle shortly after this launch assuming it hasn't begun yet already.

This game is my game of the year hands down and I really am looking forward to what part 3 brings. There is still a lot left on the table, plenty of people comment that their are still 2 disks of ff7 og content left yet disk 1 did all the heavy lifting and 2 and 3 zip on by because they're mostly fmv filler but the people making that connection seem to be missing that.

Thats it! Sorry for the sloppy grammar and spelling. Typing this short novel on my phone is tedious enough, let alone going back to fix my neglections.
I don't think so. Not until at least part 3 comes up. God of war 2018 and ragnarok are both better than rebirth imo. Rebirth needs part 3 to make it complete
Yes, absolutely. And I imagine anyone who doesn't chase 100% to the detriment of their own enjoyment woul agree with me.
This is one thing that I noticed, that you also brought up: just when you thought that you had gotten all of the mechanics figured out, they introduce a new one. 

I was like “wait, there’s _more?_”
Never knew what was going to happen next....except if you have played the OG you know exactly what happened at the end of the game.
Same. I feel kind of stupid saying this but a video game hasn’t made me feel this way since 1997.
    Junon got me bad. Goosebumps the entire time.
Hopefully part 3 will be even more ground breaking and amazing, I have the huge concern that the bar is already set too high and the most beautiful and emotional events of the original already happened in Rebirth but hopefully I’m wrong, I never played the original.
    Let me assure you, the third act of this game is *baller* and part 3 is going to be incredible, fully independent of how they decide to resolve any of the timeline fuckery.

I can't wait.
        It’s final fantasy. It’s going to be extremely vague. Because Japanese people are extremely vague. But that’s not going to stop me from thoroughly enjoying something that’s extremely vague. I need more extreme vagueness in my life.
    Don't forget we should see Tifa beat up Scarlet in this one, that's one emotional event
        Yuffie and Barrett got serious beef with her too
        I am SO excited for the slap fight
        Omfg I cannot wait for that part!!!
        OP literally just said they never played the OG and your reply is "don't forget this event from the OG that will be in part 3 and that you don't know about yet".

I mean it's not a major spoiler luckily but just why lol? They obviously don't know what's coming and gave no indication of wanting to know.
    We havent even gotten into the big stuff. Trust me, Part 3 is when things start getting wild.
        Crazy to go through all of this and still haven’t seen anything yet lol.
            I'm telling you bro. I dont want to spoil it, but it does get crazy af.
    Nah - you should really replay Disc 2.  It’s wild how much happens so fast.
    I just want to tell you that they have not even gotten started and there are so many incredible moments still to come.  Partway through rebirth I remember wondering how they were going to keep the rest of the game exciting, and they blew me away. I have no concerns like that about part 3, it is going to be a ride
    FF7 Remake and Rebirth only covers Disc 1 of 3 of the OG FF7. There are still a lot of great moments to come. The world is still to be fully revealed, the next two party members are still to be played, and once the world is fully open, there are a lot of things to be done
    I don't think the creators and developers would have even remade FF7 if they did not believe they could improve upon the experience with each installment. I truly believe they will deliver.
    It’s cheap on the ps store
For real. The way Aerith's child segment of the temple had me weeping was truly incredible considering I didn't care THAT much about her in OG.

Edit: Barret also made me cry with Dyne. That's twice that Rebirth did something the original didn't.
Invoking nostalgia is just half the battle for why it's so good. But one can argue that playing on nostalgia alone is too cheap to be a masterpiece, as it simply uses the original masterpiece people love and leans on that. 

I think it's a masterpiece because it not only brings back these amazing nostalgic moments, but it somehow is a completely different game at the same time!

Like I know the complete story of FF7 OG and there still so much mystery and complexity of story telling in this. The ending to this game is the real dealbreaker. People might not be in love with it but it sets up such an ambitious 3rd game, one that could easily have just rested completely on safe nostalgia, but instead intensifies and complicates the story that could either crash and burn or come together as the master piece of all masterpieces, I'm so excited.

Edit: But to reiterate, I'm not trying to argue with you that it's not good because its nostalgic, for that's my favorite part about it as well, I'm just so blown away how it blends so much from the original while being so different of a game in its own right, bravo!
This.
No game is perfect so that should go without saying. That being said all my complaints about Rebirth honestly feel like nitpicks. I'd give the game a solid 9/10 easy.
    Corey in the House for Nintendo DS.

On the surface, Cory In The House looks like your average licensed TV Show handheld shovelware. But underneath that, is one of the biggest revolutions the medium has ever seen. Funny, smart, deep, timeless. Read on to find out why this stands as one of the finest licensed video games of all time, or indeed, one of the finest video games of all time.
You play as Cory, the kid from the TV show who finds himself living in the White House. The gameplay is simple; you need to sneak around the various rooms and do various tasks, which often involve talking to someone or getting to a certain room. It sounds simple, but between the deep stat management systems, varied character patrol routes, and the amazing dialogue options, the gameplay is top-notch, making the likes of Metal Gear Solid pale in comparison (including on storytelling prowess, more on that later). The mini-games like the lock-picking are so deep, they could be sold as full games themselves.
The graphics are life-like, the character portraits are so realistic you will think you are watching the show! I haven't seen such good graphics on a handheld game, ever. The audio is as good as a DS game can sound, it's all in there, from the sound effects to the catchy theme from the TV show.As an audio-visual experience, Cory in the House delivers the best on the DS.
What truly shines however, is the dialogue and the smart humor in the game. The dialogue here is comical to kids, but truly hilarious to adults, which are more likely to get the more subtle jokes. And yet, it's full of life lessons and themes that resonates to all of us, children and adults alike. It's like watching the best Pixar film of your life.
The writing here may live on as a timeless example of comedy. What they have pulled off here may be one day looked back as "the Shakespeare of comedy".
Overall, this game is a hidden masterpiece, one that will change the way video games are made. Just give it time. For now, you can be privileged enough to play this masterpiece while the rest of the world is still unaware of its implications and future impact on the medium. They will catch up, eventually.
Completely agree. For instance I consider FF16 exceptionally phenomenal but you know, perfection does not exist.
    I too consider 16 exceptional.  It was an experience, I boohooed at the end, brother…
        Same bro.
    FF16 is amazing. It was my personal GOTY and I will never understand why it gets so much hate..
    Ff16 is amazing. Absolutely superior in postgame my only Gripe there was the ending... however the DLC is right around the corner.


I wish Rebirths postgame was more like 16.


Both are Masterpieces imo.
Neither Is perfect 
Yeah I feel like it kind of wears its heart on its sleeve and just goes for it. Did it miss on a few things? Sure, but you could tell the devs just love working in this world
It's a really great game that despite my hate for the ending I really enjoyed. I hope they make exploration fun next game though, I don't like the checklist activities and would rather exploration be finding mini dungeons, materia, weapons, etc.
    Yeah, i can understand. I didn’t mind the exploration because I was amazed by the environment, and combat system is addicting. Still, could be cool to have more stuff to find in the OW, especially materias.
Progression was not blocked by minigames but postgame content is, which really Blows imo.


So if you just want to play the main game elements like battle system, fighting the hardest bosses and getting the best gear for that, you'll be dissappointed that you have to play most minigames even on hard difficulties to do so 
For sure. The main competition I see it having for winning GotY is Dragons Dogma 2, Hell divers 2, Space Marine 2.

DD2 I think is unlikely to win because its user score is a blood bath on steam and metacritic. HD2 I think has a decent claim, but its very rare that a multiplayer game like that wins goty. Space Marine 2 idk, but its one of the only other AAAs coming out this year that look like goty material.
    I like DD2 and am still having fun with it but I don’t think it’s anywhere close to Rebirth.
        hah, I heard the opposite yesterday about goty and DD2's user reviews: "Yeah that's the only reason Rebirth has a shot imo and I love rebirth"

I can't see DD2 winning personally because it would be like one of the only games ever to get GotY and have such horrible user reviews. I think HD2 is probably the strongest competition currently because it is beloved, but multiplayer games very rarely win GotY so idk.
    Helldivers 2 is fun but god dam game is buggy AF. Can't see it even getting nominated.
        It's 10000000x better now than at release in terms of bugs, but yeah that's not saying much

Edit: I don't know if you meant that as a pun, but my response works either way
            For sure. But that bug with the lightning weapons causing the game to crash is just atrocious. Game feels really unfinished, despite being fun when it works.
    It's too early to put together a GOTY list but possible unreleased contenders might also be Hellblade 2 Senuas Saga, Star Wars Outlaws, Stellar Blade, Metal Gear Delta, Black Myth Wukong, Hades 2, Silksong, Silent Hill 2 and Marathon. 


The last 4 aren't guaranteed to come out this year, but my point is the year is full of surprises and it's to early. No one in March last year was talking about BG3. Shadow of the Erdtree will probably necessitate an Elden Ring re release too (not that that's GoTY contenders as neither was Phantom Liberty last year).


I love Rebirth. It's amazing. Definitely a contender. But there's another 9 months of games coming.
        You are correct, but I enjoy theorising, and the TGA judges have a very very consistent GotY track record to base theories on.

Starwars outlaws is a Ubisoft game reskinned. Stellar blade is WAY too fan servicey. Metal gear Delta is a remake like Rebirth, but I doubt they will go even remotely as far as Rebirth and will mostly be by the numbers. Silent hill 2, judges don't like horror.

Hellblade 2 is apparently as extremely short as Hellblade 1. Hades 2 and Silksong are indies (also silksong copium lol). In the unlikely event it comes out this year, like Blizzard, Bungie is probably far too deep into everyone's shit list to get GotY with Marathon. Elden Ring did not come out this year.

The only one there I see as main competition is Black Myth... but that's just because it's a question mark and AAA, so same as space marine 2, no idea tbh.
Better be. I’m sure it won’t win but I hope it gets recognition with best rpg. A lot of people are playing Dragons Dogma 2 rn and I plan to (need a break between another 100+ rpg game lol). But I wouldn’t expect that to win.
It'll 100% be nominated. 7R was nominated in a much stronger year than we're having right now. Right now this year is so devoid of true heavy hitters that Rebirth feels like the one surefire nomination and clear frontrunner. I don't think DD2 will prove to be that competitive, the more I see people digest that game the more talk I'm seeing about it not really being that good and too similar to the first game (including its negatives)

Maybe helldivers 2 would compete but historically multiplayer games tend to get ignored by the gaming media. They rarely even get nominated let alone win, just overwatch in 2016 won by my memory.
    Overwatch performed well when it released. Helldivers 2 has too many issues for this. Feels like an unfinished game at many moments. And I play it daily. Would be a really bad message for the industry if it won GOTY.
It definitely deserves to be in the discussion for sure.
Yes. Those mandatory mini games in Costa del Sol are a bit meh honestly, but that’s just because I’m a gameplay fanatic guy.
    I really didn't like the shooting gallery one and the fact that all of the mini games are required for the platinum. The final side mission being tied to all of them too was bull. I just wanted to battle, race, play cards, and get story. The 3D brawler and the others are so infuriating.
100% agree with the sentiment. Although, I'd say Dark Souls 3 deserves masterpiece status. Elden Ring is just very, very good.
Yeah. In a world where games like BOTW and Elden Ring have been released, it baffles me that they chose Ubisoft as a role model for open world exploration.
    Technically they chose horizon forbidden west and ghosts of tsushima. There is currently a trend in calling every single objective based open world "ubisoft" though which i think misses the point of why ubisoft's bad open worlds are bad.

They are bad because they slam the map with 1000 tasks and then clutter the UX with 100 breadcrumbs that overwhelm you and ruin the entire gameplay loop because everything is a meter or checklist. I think ff7 has some of these problems (Chadley always telling you what to do, for example) but it certainly does not have the map spam problem, the objectives are actually pretty spread out and use the map fairly well. You also don't get the 10,000 annoying UX icons, arrows, and pings either.
        I believe it gets called a "ubisoft" open world because it uses one of the most irritating elements that are the Ubisoft towers. 

But I agree on some parts. I feel like the main problem with Rebirth exploration was how repetitive it got towards the end. By the time I reached Cosmo Canyon, I didnt really care about the side activities  ( except odd jobs ) any more because it was just the same thing over and over. Just would do it to get it over and done without enjoying. Think it would be more interesting if they make unique mechanics for each region. I would prefer less content with more interesting mechanics then the more content using the same gimmicks in all regions.

And another irritating part is chadley. Would really be better if they severely lower his participation. He talks more then the other party members and that is just bad. Would be better to have other party members giving hints towards objectives.
Yeah I think it's the main minor letdown that feels a bit tacked on. By far not the worst example I've seen of it, but does feel a bit jarring, and purposeless /unnatural at times. The overall terrain and verticality of design and paths is impressive though.
    I agree the world is gorgeous and that stepping out into the world moment after Kalm is almost Oblivion/Fallout 3 good! 

Oh it's absolutely not the worst for what it is, it's pretty good and even with just a few things to find out in the world would improve it a lot, like just wandering about finding materia would be sick
        The lack of focus on materia is baffling to me. It's a core part of the original's experience and they just went pretty conservative with it in Rebirth, when I thought given such a big open world we'd have all sort of variations and upgrades, similarly with equipment. Even an expansion of Crisis Core's fusion mechanic would've gone well here, or some experimental materia from Shinra's research labs/
            Absolutely agree i forget how it worked in CC but being able to find materia in the world and being able to combine it with one for Chadley for a faster level up or something would be cool
I feel the same, the ending was way too dragged out, confusing as shit and the final battle was unnecessarily long and arduous. 

And yeah, they kinda botched the Aerith death, with all the confusion, you barely feel anything. Makes sense when you think about it later, but in the spur of the moment and after that slog of a fight, you’re emotionally gone.

I think they did the Aerith death less impactful on purpose though, they probably felt they traumatized us and the characters enough in the trials. Which they did, child Aerith got me ugly crying as a grown ass man.
Same. I've read good theories about the ending, and yes they make me more excited for Part 3 and make it feel less disappointing; however whenever you think about the insane emotional impact of the OG's version, Rebirth dropped the ball pretty hard in comparison for its ending.

Shame because I *loved* the rest of the game, barring minor pacing & open-world issues. Flawed masterpiece is a good way to put it, it's not all top class, but a lot of it is.
I’m arguing with another dude saying “it’s all optional” but I keep telling him yeah it’s optional but it’s a huge ass chunk of the game. Like to him it’s optional but to me if you want 70% of the material and to have good accessories you have to do that stuff. Imagine if you literally did a playthrough where you skipped all the stuff that was deemed “optional” the game would be miserable tbh.
    Yeah...I mean there is a TON of stuff locked behind it.

Proto Relics - 4 Boss fights + Genji gear

Assess enemies - Enemy Skills

Enemy Intel - World Bosses (needed for Genji Gear) + Region VR Fights for Materia (Elemental Materia locked behind this)

Mako Springs - Crafting Recipes (needed for Genji Gear and some side quests)

Rest Spots - Golden Feathers for Chocobo Armor for Chocobo Racing

Moogle Trees - Shop that has really good materia+manuscripts

Summon Altars - Powers up your summon matera, makes the summon fights easier (Required for Genji Gear)

And finally Towers WOULD be optional but then you wouldn't know where in the hell any of the above is...
        That’s my exact whole point and if you said that to them they’ll respond with. “It’s still optional.” It’s a good game but I agree with you. Too much exploration, a bit too many mini games especially with you needing to do some to progress the story. I haven’t got to the ending yet been too busy grinding and being forced to play mini games but if you said it’s a lot going on I’m sure it is.
I was hoping the exploration would end up more in finding all sorts of new materia and equipment, but no most were to earn Chadley points to buy a few pretty conventional materia locked in a shop. There's so many things that could have been done with materia
I didn’t realize I had bought Crisis Core Reunion when it came out and I’m now trying to play it after Rebirth and I just can’t get into it lol. Though I will slog away because I want to see the one part of the FFVII universe I’ve not experienced.
That’s where I’m at right now. I made the mistake of trying FF XVI like the next day after finishing rebirth. I made it through like 6 minutes of the demo and switched back to playing queen’s blood lol It might be a while before I can play something else. 
    FF XVI is also an incredibly great game though. Don't let FF7 being so great detract from another wonderful experience, I promise it's worth it!
    Haha I feel ya - I miss queens blood … XVI has a good story, music and voice acting but that’s about it imo. I’d hardly even call it an rpg, the combat (outside of boss battles) is pathetic compared to rebirth also. Just my opinion.
Lake scene?
    Cloud carrying Aerith’s body to the water I think is what they mean
        I think the decision to not show that scene is deliberate. It's one of the most iconic scenes in gaming, there is no way they left it out without a plan to either show it in part 3 or make another massive story switch
        I think that scene will be part of Clouds recollection of his mind in the Lifestream.
I think it's a great game but yes not excelling in everything constantly enough to feel like a masterpiece. I keep coming back to play it as it's decent enough, but there's little that truly excites me to play because I know there isn't all that much to gain from exploring both in terms of items nor combat, and the story density and nuance has suffered.
Spectacle alone doesn't make a game good.
Evwry single game in history has many flaws. Give me any piece of media and I can find at least 20 flaws
Out of all the things I wanted to see in Rebirth, a big expansion of the materia system and variety was one of them, and probably one of the more obvious things to expand on given how iconic and integral to the story. It would have given a more enjoyable reason to explore and discover things organically than a list of repetitive over world things to do via Chadley.
I enjoyed the game and Story, Soundtrack, battle system are all awesome, but the postgame sucks. So many gripes with that one in particular. 


As you mentioned all the minigames are mandatory on hard to get all the best gear. Why not just lock the best gear behind later battles?


Also the later battles, the combat Simulator stuff are all marathon Fights. In FF7R that was "necessary" since the game was so short to Drag it out with Marathon Fights. Rebirth however was very long, no need for this Kind of Fight. Why not do it like in FF X or XVI?


Also why are the later Fights automatically locker behind hard Mode?
If you want to play with Zack and Sephiroth you have to play hardmode.
It's a single Player game, so let the Player decide how hard he wants it to be. Trophies can be tied to hard Mode but not the better part of the postgame content. 


FF XVI solved that way better, no Marathon fights but just well designed Single encounters. Available on all difficulties.
And since hardmode offers unique content there you still can equip the "easy mode" Accessoires if you choose to.
These fans have no concept of masterpiece, they just seem incredibly desperate to have their liking the game validated.

There are very obvious and objective flaws in the general game design, visual presentation and writing, all things that can be evaluated by comparing the game to pre established conventions.

Also a masterpiece should by default set a standard for the industry which this game will not with its outdated gameplay mechanics and bloated pacing. Without the ff7 name this game would be disliked by most.
3 games is the only way they could provide that level of quality though
    FFVII is chunky to remade with modern graphics so yeah they did a good job split into 3.
Yeah I really think this was a poor design choice. Every region didn't need to be as formulaic, nor with a designated list to earn credits. if you're going into include things like the crystals, towers and lifesprings give them some more interesting mechanics and functionality! Make them more hidden but with varied rewards and requirements. Materia upgrades, augments, fusion, experimental research from Shinra I dunno, just don't all include in a predefined list of things to do.
Accurate. I found the choice to focus on a convoluted synergy folio weapon system bizzare in a game with a well loved materia system and opportunity to explore massive areas with impressive vertical terrain and path variety. The focus should have been on discovering new materia variations or things that could be used to experiment and create, fuse or augment or upgrade materia. Even strange variations with mixed or unknown effects, like an early game thunder materia that is capped at level 2 but with a small chance of inflicting petrify, or some potentially near-useless and niche materia as waste products from a Shinra lab that have experimental mixed bag consequences
Glad to see this, I've been pretty critical of the combat in both games but generally get shouted down by the masses about how great it is. I personally feel like nostalgia goggles are really cranking up people's opinions of the game as a whole. Another thing is I was 12 when I played the original and as a grown ass man now who has never liked anime, I cannot help but feel embarrassed playing this game in front of my wife
I don't know what the megafans are smoking, I love ff7, but the remake trilogy has only for me cemented how poorly equipped SE is to make anything of substance.

I don't feel this game hits a single note that would put it in masterpiece territory.
    Combat system , soundtrack , Charakter design , are top tier what are you talking ?
        Combat system is in no way top tier. How many times did we have to switch materia back and forth between different character sets? Combat in XVI is much more engaging IMO. 

Soundtrack got repetitive super quick. I wish we got more than tongue-in-cheek references to the original "battle won" theme.

Character design was great, but not being able to do a simple thing like jumping sucked.
            Changing materia between characters is usually not necessary, unless you're playing on hard mode yourself. In that case, your criticism isn't even a criticism of the combat system itself, lol Regardless, the combat system is top tier, it successfully combines two systems in one and offers unprecedented depth through the innovations in rebirth (parry, synergy action, synergy skills), so it is revolutionary for its claims and for JRPGs, or how many other games do you know that combine ATB and real time in a meaningful way? You don't have to like the combat system, but not calling it first class for your own purposes doesn't make sense.  

You're also wrong about the soundtrack, either you're a troll or you haven't played Rebirth, the music isn't repeated at all, at least not in the traditional sense, rather you find old arrangements in new instrumentals and new arrangements in old instrumentals, each region has its own battle theme and therefore feels unique, there is also an abundance of boss themes, not only are there different rhythmic variants, sometimes slower, sometimes faster, sometimes with singing, but the number of different boss themes also exceeds anything that has come before, it feels as if the developers had almost infinite resources and means at their disposal and they don't really have much of a clue when it comes to character design, the characters are probably the most attractive and beautiful characters in gaming ever, their story and backgrounds feel real and the sound is also of the highest quality which gives the characters more shine and depth, as I said you don't have to like Rebirth but certain things cannot be denied
                Anyone claiming the rebirth soundtrack isn't a contender for best soundtrack ever can't even be taken seriously. It's objectively one of the highest effort, largest, most varied soundtracks of all time.
                To be fair everything you just said is an opinion. I'm more inclined to agree with the first guy about the combat being overrated. Sure it combines real time with ATB but my opinion is it did neither well enough for this amount of praise.
                    Of course, everything depends on your own opinion, but you have to differentiate between the masses and individual people who rate something. Rebirth now has over 150 reviews, most of which I have actually read. Without exception, all of the reviews are overwhelmed by the combat system and cite it as an absolute strength. I think we're at a point here where you can almost ignore subjective opinions, because objectively it seems obvious that the combat is outstanding. Of course, there will always be people who don't like something, but if it's basically 2 out of 10 or less, you can ignore it.

Anyway if you don’t like something just uninstall and move on
That is wierd. That part completely pulled me right out lol it wasn't even her voice, the lipsynch was wierd, the lyrics were kinda silly, n the whole time I couldn't help but think about how manufactured it felt (knowing what was coming).

But at least it wasn't an alternate reality.
    Knowing whats going to happen to her…. The fact that she performed and we got to see it.. with updated gaming technology. Captivating. The whole game is beautiful. We are in for one hell of a ride when the third comes out. Think we will be all surprised if its not game of the year.
Yeah it was a fairly impressive over world design, could have had a bit more distinct aesthetics but was interesting to navigate... Sadly there was little sense of discovery in that exploration because almost everything's mapped to a routine Chadley side mission list, with little else to discover. Even treasure chests are largely disappointing. Don't get me started on most of the NPC design.
I really liked the Intermission DLC (aside from the final boss) so thought we'd be getting more along those lines, the whole experience felt new, atmospheric and fun. Sadly the open world missions really let the game down imo and sometimes there's too much filler and detouring. The crystals were a great opportunity to have some interesting and maybe difficult puzzles, but instead we got ultra basic repetitive button sequences
Elden ring also has a lot of flaws. I don’t think neither are true masterpieces but they are very close.
How’s the OG a masterpiece but this isn’t?
    My definition of a masterpiece is a work of art that leaves an impact. Whether you’re talking about a painting, movie, book, video game, it’s the sort of thing people continue to reference for years to come. There is a reason FFVII is being remade. The original is a masterpiece. Remake is a very good game, but in two years the game industry won’t be referencing it for design principles or story inspiration.
        And like mentioned above, a masterpiece sets an example for the entire industry, it leaves a mark outside of its intended fan base, which both elden ring and more recently baldurs gate 3 did.

Rebirth isn't really discussed at all outside of the dedicated subreddits, there is less buzz surrounding the game than ff16 even.

At best rebirth is a theme park ride of ff7, which can be cool for the novelty, but I sincerely doubt it will stand the test of time.
            I refer to these type of games (Zelda BOTW, Elden Ring, etc…) as revolutionary instead of just calling them masterpieces. Rebirth isn’t revolutionary but it’s a masterpiece 10/10 game.
            Although I don't agree with it being a masterpiece (In short don't think it's consistent or cohesive enough), measuring it by the buzz or popularity isn't a great way to determine whether it is or not. And even going by that, this is probably one of the most positive general responses I've seen to this style of an RPG in recent years, which puts it close to that mark.
        OG definitely had way more impact and was revolutionary, Rebirth isn’t close to it in terms of the impact it had. But that doesn’t mean it’s not a masterpiece, it’s the best FF since the 2000s imo. A masterpiece for me is a 10/10 game and that doesn’t mean it’s flawless. It hit all the right notes.
    Time. There was nothing like it when it came out and it essentially brought mainstream games into the 3D world. The fact that it still holds up as a really, really good game even today is secondary.

This game isn't changing anything. Nor are you probably gonna come back in a year like "oooh yea I wanna play some Fort Condor then go ride a dolphin over and over until Im perfect"
I love Elden Ring and Rebirth but I can’t call either a masterpiece. OG FFVII I agree though.
Not knocking your opinion but you included remake as a masterpiece. Rebirth Is better in every way in my opinion. What are the comparisons that make rebirth place lower for you?
    I don't consider a Ubisoft Clone inspired game a Masterpiece. 

Its Main Story and Characters and general Side-Quests are great but the Open World, half the Mini-Games and half the Porto-Relics Quest was not on par with the Main Quest and dragged the game down in my opinion. This is supposed to be Final Fantasy, not Final Creed or Far Fantasy. FF16 excels with its shorter semi-open world hub and lack of crappy/claggy mini-games and focuses completely on its story and world. Half of Rebirth is sidelined for pointless filler. 

Remake is better because it didn't have to throw constant crap at me to feel engaged. I was already engaged and it kept its focus from beginning to end. Rebirth feels like it tries to appeal to every fan of open world filler with the amount of over-content it has. It has no focus and throws crap into the game to see what sticks. Im not gonna be hyped for Part 3 at all if it's just more of the same as this game.
A million times this.
I'd agree. There are many fantastic components but they're not all refined and cohesive enough to be masterpiece level. I found myself being mildly disappointed as many times as I was impressed. I appreciate it would be extremely hard to do at such scale, and people expect that type of scale these days, but ultimately it has an effect on the pacing and worldbuilding
Keeping me engaged past 100 hours is something I resonate a lot with. I remember playing both Persona 5 and Xenoblade 3 (maybe 2 the games that a lot of people would say are the best JRPGs before Rebirth came out) and feeling burnt out and like the game was dragging too long by the time I got to the last 25% of the game or so. I was wondering if this was just how I felt about these kind of games now, but Rebirth showed me that wasn't the case.
    Yeah I really enjoyed persona 5 but that game felt like it was 2 palaces too long. And then royal added another one...
I totally agree with you, especially the missing lake scene, even the boss fight was way too long.

But there was one thing that counteracted all that for me: the epilogue scene where they are all gathered with the Tiny Bronco and crying over Aerith's death was truly incredible. It compensated for everything else before. I hadn't cried that much playing video games in a long long time.    
Also the the music No Promises to Keep playing on the last scene was gut-wrenching.
    That scene was definitely a nice way to end it
Completely agree
For me, I like the combat on a basic level, but think it has room for refinement and improvement to make it a bit less chaotic. Fundamentally it feels little different to Remake. If they were going to go the more chaotic route, it would have made sense to have a much wider variety of materia and equipment to experiment with, find, augment and make, which could have given a more interesting reason to explore. The materia system still feels very conservative, while they expanded all the abilities with convoluted synergy stuff and folios.
    I do have to agree with your comment  about the conservative approach the devs took to materia.


Like 25 hours in, I still haven't found an "All" materia to hit multiple targets.  The skill upgrades and accessories are all so, so meaningless as well.  Like +3% combo damage or +5% str bonus?  +3 Mp?  Really?


To me, it feels like they were afraid players would be able to break the system, so they gave just the thinnest veil of choice illusion possible.


The funny thing is players have absolutely found game breaking combinations despite this, stuff like one cast of any ability triggers 4x comet spells of party members for 0 MP.


Again, reasons like this make me feel they threw a bunch of shit at a wall, and I guess they threw enough shit that most players found it engaging.  Overtime, praise for that sort of stuff dwindles -- e.g. early after release FF8 combat seemed totally interesting, and later players revised their opinions.
        Exactly. Even just having small variations of existing materia to find or make with unusual restrictive or bonus effects like one that can cast Thunder attacks for less MP but that significantly reduce the opponents stagger guage instead of increasing it, or some new type of materia junctioning slot on a weapon could have made new finds exploring the world more interesting. Just finding or making unusual stuff with some variety. I haven't completed it yet but from what I've seen there isn't even a materia that can use Reflect
            Fully agree, I love the ideas you came up with.  That sort of system for materia could have been a huge hit for me, making materia more distinct since the total number of materia options are pretty slim (at least in the first half the game).
That is a wildly backwards take. The combat is some of the smoothest on the market and the minigames are completely unbalanced.

N idk what you even mean by timers. Like there's a couple timed encounters I guess, but there is no timing system inherently built into the combat. And there are exactly as many meters as in the OG...

Otherwise Id agree.
    Sorry I'm happy to clarify a bit more.  As far as unbalanced minigames go, it might be true?  I guess I'm okay with them being somewhat unbalanced, as it's PvE.  I had a ton of fun with Queens Gambit and Condor specifically.

I thought the summon bar was a timer?  Does it stop filling up if you do less damage?  It seemed like it was moving along pretty constantly.

As far as the number of meters, broadly speaking:

1. ATB meter

2. Synergy points meter

3. Limit meter

4. Meter to start the summon timer/meter (not visibly shown but it seems it starts after X amount of damage, the summon timer/meter appears)

5. Meter to summon the summoned spirit (if I'm wrong about it being a timer).

From my recollection, FF7 OG only had a ATB timer and a limit meter.

Of course I'm omitting the standard HP and MP meters as well, and I'm not sure how would classify quasi-meters like the limit level.  I'm also omitting meta-meters to level stuff up, though there's a fair amount of that too (XP / Weapon Level / Materia).

Even if one liked the overlapping systems, I don't think smooth is a great word for the combat.  First, you're incentivized to constantly be swapping between characters, as AI controlled party members earn very little ATB, and without ATB, you can't cast spells / items / abilities, and without that, you can't earn synergy points.  It might be fun at first, but I think this is pretty disorienting after a while.

Secondly, enemy attacks are not very well telegraphed or communicated.  Part of this stems from the need to be switching characters frequently, so your camera and target enemy are changing frequently as well.  But more broadly, the attack animations are poorly communicated, making guarding incredibly difficult to time well.

Lastly, enemy attacks are often AOE, so you can't evade.   There's also quite a few unbreakable combos so that when you do miss guarding / evading, you get no chance to interact with the game (outside of switching characters mid combo).

I don't doubt some people find it fun, but I wouldn't call it smooth.  And I think it won't hold up well in 4-7 years when the whole trilogy is available to people to play back-to-back.
        Youre talking like summoning is a major mechanic lol it's situational, dude. They're not even available in most fights, silly. You don't have to pay attention to summons at all unless they pop up. Same with Synergies so long as you just keep using abilities (which theres no reason you wouldn't). So the only bars you actually need to watch are atb/hp/mp, as always. The rest is just there for convenience when you stop time virtually whenever you want, if you're interested.

Having the overlapping atb>synergy>limit systems are synergistic, they create the core gameplay loop: use abilities to build synergy, use synergies to build limits, and then use limits on stagger. This isn't super complicated stuff, especially considering, again, you can literally stop time whenever you want. None of these are in conjunction to one another...they literally supplement each other. Like thats how they function.

And when I say this plays out smoothly, as a testament to this: you can precisely and efficiently control 3 characters at once. Everything you need is there and it works, not even a glitch. You can't do that this well in any other game and everything works as intended, animations flow smoothly no matter what you choose, hit boxes are all tight, actions have a markable impact...this is inarguably some of the most solid gameplay, on par with even a Devil May Cry game. Most players tend to agree on this sentiment. Not to mention how this all works to support a multitude of viable playstyles through creative builds or team compositions. Don't like doing things one way? There's always another. Heck, there's even the option to bail on every battle to a second before if u wanna swap a materia and become completely immune to whatever is breaking your build, and there is always an answer to any problem (usually multiple). All of this is super player-friendly stuff.

So no offense, but Id imagine the troubles you're having rely less on the game communicating attack animations and more on your ability to read them. This is evidented in that, contrary to your claim, there are multiple playstyles designed around specifically countering attacks and they all work flawlessly enough that most people main them (the main character himself, and easily the strongest in the game, is entirely built around countering lol it's incredibly easy). These counter systems wouldn't be functional if the attack animations weren't readable.

Your camera and target do not change if you lock on, which you should almost always be doing. You can easily change targets even without locking on just by flicking the right stick in their direction. And there is no other reason to touch the right stick, so you shouldn't be changing targets by accident at all. This sounds like another you problem, not the game.

And yes, you can't avoid every attack. The combat is designed around mitigating damage, not avoiding it. Although you can still avoid it by using R1 abilities to teleport players out of harm's way if you choose. Or get good at Brumal Form, which is absurdly powerful But this is why there are so many defensive options, and why getting hit actually helps build your atb and limits. You're literally supposed to get hit lol (and, of course, defend against it with any of the numerous options you have at your disposal...all you have to do is use them instead of button mashing or repeating the same brute strategies over and over).

And contrary to your final sentence, Remake uses almost the exact same combat and it is holding up magnificently 4 years later. So that's just wrong lol

To the other point, I'd hardly call minigames like Fort Condor, Gears, the boxing, dolphin racing, chocobo gliding, or numerous others "balanced" or even "good". They're essentially generic mobile games. Even more, those coupled with lazy filler quests like "go here and press triangle 3x" are detrimental to the pacing of the game. Shinra steals a key after a huge emotional betrayal and you urgently need to chase them...but let's go on a bender with Middle Management instead and spend hours perfectly mastering multiple other, significaly lower quality games. That kinda stuff is devastating to the pacing of the game. It's literally the worst part lol
            To be fair, if you feel summoning isn't a major mechanic (yet it does have a bar that fills up / counts down on a fair number of fights), that's kind of my point about them throwing shit at a wall and seeing what sticks.  Even though you moved the goalposts, it still is more meters / timers than the OG.

Regarding "same with synergies", that's just completely false.  You need to keep switching characters to build up synergies.  If you just main one character, you'll never be able to use the synergy abilities.  So you definitely need to juggle between characters, making sure every character uses enough abilities to generate synergy points (though not every ability generates them).

For that matter, summons are much more frequent (and yet, about as powerful) as Limits.  So I'm not sure why you see Limits as a part of the core gameplay loop but not summons, aside from the fact that some synergies weirdly build your limit level. (Again, another random mechanic thrown at the wall.)

The camera locking on is a fair point but doesn't really solve the issue.  Because if you switch characters with a locked on enemy, whatever enemy that character was attacking is now often not visible to you, and can do more damage to that character.

The game isn't even in spitting distance of Devil May Cry.  The timing for defense / evade are way off.  Again, I do feel unable to read attacks, but had no trouble in other games.  Still, I'll keep an eye out for R1 abilities and Brumal forms.  I saw some R1 abilities that generally reduce damage, but did not see anything about Brumal forms.

I think most players who are playing Rebirth are those who finished Remake, so probably only a slim portion went back and replayed Remake.  The people who didn't play Remake because they wanted to wait for the entire trilogy to be released are still waiting.  But I could be proven wrong.

Again, I never said the minigames were balanced, but again I don't think a balance in a minigame is necessary.  It's mostly a fun diversion, it's okay to feel over or under powered.  Though I agree 100% if you include stuff like press X three times as a "minigame", then obviously there are some terrible minigames.

Enjoyed the debate though, thanks for the info.
                Summoning worked the exact same way in the last game lol if they were throwing shit at a wall...it suck already. It's virtually unchanged. But there is no moving goalposts: the summon meter literally isn't there in most fights...namely just boss fights and a couple large or tough battles. N its there basically just to let uk you're fighting a boss and can use thusly them if u want.

Noone just plays one character lol. You have 3 characters, the game is designed around that. You're supposed to switch between them. That's why you can control off-characters with the triggers...you have to manage all 3. That's what the game is lol. Your main would just be your preferred Leader who's the core of your team's damage dealing strat.

And Synergies are built around what skilled players are already going to be doing in general gameplay...hence it's complimentary. And you don't even need to use them if you don't want to, you can play it exactly how you did in Remake if you choose. That's still a viable option right up to the highest challenges where you're rightfully expected to have mastered this game's mechanics by then.

The reason Limits are a core mechanic and summons are not is because Limits are always available and the entirety of combat is built around them. Limits are almost exclusively for when a boss is staggered and they hit like a truck even at lvl 2. Nothing in the game deals nearly that much damage.

The summons are actually kinda garbage for dps. They're for triggering elemental weaknesses and building pressure/stagger, but most of the time they're not even worth using because your abilities are better. And they are nowhere near as powerful as limits lol they're just utility and a small stat boost from the materia itself. The only ones that matter only really Phoenix as a clutch backup autorevive, kujata for elements if you didn't prepare right and dont feel like restarting the fight with three button presses, and maybe Magic Pot for largely inconsequential lil perks. To be cute about it.

But the only reason you would see summons more than limits is that you're not dealing damage (to build limits at all) and instead taking critical damage and dragging out the fight timer, which can trigger summons. It's basically doing so bad that the game has to intervene to save you.

Brumal Form is one of Yuffie’s abilities. She's easily the strongest character after Cloud and a common team Leader. You do a DMC air trick, Trickster Style. With how fast she builds ATB its super useful for just raining magic damage from any range with near impunity.

On that note, Cloud has Stinger, Million Stab, High Rise, and Helm Breaker in his moveset. Tifa has the down kick from Dante's gauntlets as her first ability, and more. I don't really feel like making a list but there is an absurd amount of DMC influence in attack animations and actual combat (with quick commands). Once you notice you won't stop seeing it lol
I don't think it's a masterpiece, but they did an amazing job conveying the story compared to the original.
Yeah I really don't understand changes like the Heavy Tank given the bizzarity of some other enemies and how they incorporated the Hell House into the first installment. Nor why the sandworms are now so small
>I'm actually surprised we haven't seen other games try to do something similar.

Im sure se will see similar combate after GOTY this year. Can't imagine how a game has to be to beat Rebirth this year without an announced ps big IP, a from soft one or a big Nintendo IP (don't consider totk a masterpiece, but botw even I'd I don't like none of the too much).
    I mean you never know. Tears of the Kingdom looked like it was going to win GOTY easy no contest until Baldur's Gate came out. I think FF7 Rebirth is now my favorite single player game I have ever played and would love for it to win GOTY, though if something else comes out later this year that is even better, that would definitely be a good thing.
        Totk for me was never a true contender. Is the same game of Botw with more levels on maps and besieged/Kerbal mechanics. It a very well and polished game, but not revolutionary as botw. 

Like Ragnarok, I like ragnarok much more than 2018 but I think can never beat Elden Ring, since the impact on the videogame community was huge. The revolutionary game was 2018, ragnarok was so continuist.


>that would definitely be a good thing

I'm not a fanatical, so I'm totally agree with you. The only think I mean is it hard to find a well made game like rebirth in a short period of time.
            I mean the media discourse around TotK was that it was the clear GOTY frontrunner when it came out. I think just calling it BotW with some extra polish is a bit unfair because the fact that the Ultrahand mechanic exists is insane. Fair enough that the exploration that made BotW revolutionary was just iterated on in TotK though.

My personal opinion is that even the best games are often not that revolutionary but build on what is already great. Baldur's Gate 3, for example, was widely praised as being revolutionary, but as someone who played DOS2 well before, it is kind of the same thing but with a AAA budget if you want to be reductive. I think a lot of people thought it was revolutionary because it's the only exposure they've had to that kind of game, and that is worth something, but that doesn't meant that what it is doing is totally new or unique. Similarly, a cynic could say Elden Ring is Dark Souls but with an expanded open world. I'm not saying that's my opinion, just that for most of even the very best games, they are often doing the same things that other games have done, just better. That shouldn't necessarily be counted against them any more than say counting mediocre combat against BotW or an opaque story against Elden Ring.
The ones that don’t have to do?
    You have to do them for platinum.
        You don’t have to platinum the game. Your perfectly capable of getting your money worth without getting a digital sticker
            I understand but I like to platinum games. So, for my review, experience to platinum matters.
People can absolutely feel that it is without it being recency bias.
    Of course they can, and they might be right - but the game is a month old. If we’re all still playing it in a decade or two and enjoying, then I’ll concede it may be a masterpiece.
Part 3 will actually mostly be the 2nd disc. Rebirth literally ends at the same spot as disc 1
    Ah. It’s been a long time! Even better then. Forgotten City and Northern Crater is going to rock.

Edit: they shoehorned the forgotten city in right at the end. Tbh it’s a good play to conclude the second game. Can’t wait for part three!
And ironically the bloat isn't even where the bloat would be more interesting to have, e.g. on the materia system (and equipment)
By this standard, any game you like is a masterpiece.

A masterpiece leaves a mark on the industry, it extends beyond its intended demographic and influences future work for years to come.

We can't detriment the latter yet, but the former is quite evident: this game is not discussed outside of final fantasy forums what so ever.
    I disagree with popularity determining a piece's masterpiece status. By that logic, top of the billboard chart pop songs would be masterpieces because they have way farther reach and popularity than other niche songs. 

My argument is that some people online are looking at FF Rebirth or any other media that would be in masterpiece consideration and try and look for flaws. If they find any flaws whatsoever, no matter how small or nitpicky, they disqualify it as being a masterpiece. 

My counter argument is that there isn't a piece of media that you couldn't find flaws in. You have to go out of your way to nitpick flaws in Rebirth and I consider it to be in the top percentile of games ever made. A few nitpicks shouldn't diminish it's status.
        I'm not talking about popularity as a metric, im talking about reach and influence which are entirely different things. Og ff7 wasn't just the most popular and sold ff game, it also left huge marks on the industry decades after its release and have influenced other great games, the combination of said influence with its unique narrative, setting, characters and excellent pacing made for a masterpiece.

I don't think you really know what nitpicking is, as many including myself voice clear and elaborate criticism of rebirth, nitpicking would be saying "the game sucks cause clouds outfit is more blue than purple" or that one track of the score is kinda bad and hence should impact the general score.

Calling a game a masterpiece simply for liking is it ridiculous, this is the highest possible accolade for any piece of media, and the fact this question has even been asked only speaks to the gaming communities inability to accept scores below 10/10, a 6/10 game is good, but a 10/10 should be groundbreaking, genre defining and talked about in depth for generations to come.
The only discourse I hear about rebirth is speculation about the mystery box the game has been constructed as, which isn't the same as the critical discourse surrounding "masterpieces" .
There is plenty beside the ending to criticize with the game, but don't let that spoil your enjoyment of it!

The fact that criticism is seen as some kind of personal slight to those who like the game is a massive issue with the community.

I like to engage with any media with a critical eye, im involved with writing, music and storytelling in general so ill scrutinize those aspects harder than some, and in this instance it has lead me to dislike the game.
Junon got me bad. Goosebumps the entire time.
Let me assure you, the third act of this game is *baller* and part 3 is going to be incredible, fully independent of how they decide to resolve any of the timeline fuckery.

I can't wait.
    It’s final fantasy. It’s going to be extremely vague. Because Japanese people are extremely vague. But that’s not going to stop me from thoroughly enjoying something that’s extremely vague. I need more extreme vagueness in my life.
Don't forget we should see Tifa beat up Scarlet in this one, that's one emotional event
    Yuffie and Barrett got serious beef with her too
    I am SO excited for the slap fight
    Omfg I cannot wait for that part!!!
    OP literally just said they never played the OG and your reply is "don't forget this event from the OG that will be in part 3 and that you don't know about yet".

I mean it's not a major spoiler luckily but just why lol? They obviously don't know what's coming and gave no indication of wanting to know.
We havent even gotten into the big stuff. Trust me, Part 3 is when things start getting wild.
    Crazy to go through all of this and still haven’t seen anything yet lol.
        I'm telling you bro. I dont want to spoil it, but it does get crazy af.
Nah - you should really replay Disc 2.  It’s wild how much happens so fast.
I just want to tell you that they have not even gotten started and there are so many incredible moments still to come.  Partway through rebirth I remember wondering how they were going to keep the rest of the game exciting, and they blew me away. I have no concerns like that about part 3, it is going to be a ride
FF7 Remake and Rebirth only covers Disc 1 of 3 of the OG FF7. There are still a lot of great moments to come. The world is still to be fully revealed, the next two party members are still to be played, and once the world is fully open, there are a lot of things to be done
I don't think the creators and developers would have even remade FF7 if they did not believe they could improve upon the experience with each installment. I truly believe they will deliver.
It’s cheap on the ps store
Corey in the House for Nintendo DS.

On the surface, Cory In The House looks like your average licensed TV Show handheld shovelware. But underneath that, is one of the biggest revolutions the medium has ever seen. Funny, smart, deep, timeless. Read on to find out why this stands as one of the finest licensed video games of all time, or indeed, one of the finest video games of all time.
You play as Cory, the kid from the TV show who finds himself living in the White House. The gameplay is simple; you need to sneak around the various rooms and do various tasks, which often involve talking to someone or getting to a certain room. It sounds simple, but between the deep stat management systems, varied character patrol routes, and the amazing dialogue options, the gameplay is top-notch, making the likes of Metal Gear Solid pale in comparison (including on storytelling prowess, more on that later). The mini-games like the lock-picking are so deep, they could be sold as full games themselves.
The graphics are life-like, the character portraits are so realistic you will think you are watching the show! I haven't seen such good graphics on a handheld game, ever. The audio is as good as a DS game can sound, it's all in there, from the sound effects to the catchy theme from the TV show.As an audio-visual experience, Cory in the House delivers the best on the DS.
What truly shines however, is the dialogue and the smart humor in the game. The dialogue here is comical to kids, but truly hilarious to adults, which are more likely to get the more subtle jokes. And yet, it's full of life lessons and themes that resonates to all of us, children and adults alike. It's like watching the best Pixar film of your life.
The writing here may live on as a timeless example of comedy. What they have pulled off here may be one day looked back as "the Shakespeare of comedy".
Overall, this game is a hidden masterpiece, one that will change the way video games are made. Just give it time. For now, you can be privileged enough to play this masterpiece while the rest of the world is still unaware of its implications and future impact on the medium. They will catch up, eventually.
I too consider 16 exceptional.  It was an experience, I boohooed at the end, brother…
    Same bro.
FF16 is amazing. It was my personal GOTY and I will never understand why it gets so much hate..
Ff16 is amazing. Absolutely superior in postgame my only Gripe there was the ending... however the DLC is right around the corner.


I wish Rebirths postgame was more like 16.


Both are Masterpieces imo.
Neither Is perfect 
Yeah, i can understand. I didn’t mind the exploration because I was amazed by the environment, and combat system is addicting. Still, could be cool to have more stuff to find in the OW, especially materias.
I like DD2 and am still having fun with it but I don’t think it’s anywhere close to Rebirth.
    hah, I heard the opposite yesterday about goty and DD2's user reviews: "Yeah that's the only reason Rebirth has a shot imo and I love rebirth"

I can't see DD2 winning personally because it would be like one of the only games ever to get GotY and have such horrible user reviews. I think HD2 is probably the strongest competition currently because it is beloved, but multiplayer games very rarely win GotY so idk.
Helldivers 2 is fun but god dam game is buggy AF. Can't see it even getting nominated.
    It's 10000000x better now than at release in terms of bugs, but yeah that's not saying much

Edit: I don't know if you meant that as a pun, but my response works either way
        For sure. But that bug with the lightning weapons causing the game to crash is just atrocious. Game feels really unfinished, despite being fun when it works.
It's too early to put together a GOTY list but possible unreleased contenders might also be Hellblade 2 Senuas Saga, Star Wars Outlaws, Stellar Blade, Metal Gear Delta, Black Myth Wukong, Hades 2, Silksong, Silent Hill 2 and Marathon. 


The last 4 aren't guaranteed to come out this year, but my point is the year is full of surprises and it's to early. No one in March last year was talking about BG3. Shadow of the Erdtree will probably necessitate an Elden Ring re release too (not that that's GoTY contenders as neither was Phantom Liberty last year).


I love Rebirth. It's amazing. Definitely a contender. But there's another 9 months of games coming.
    You are correct, but I enjoy theorising, and the TGA judges have a very very consistent GotY track record to base theories on.

Starwars outlaws is a Ubisoft game reskinned. Stellar blade is WAY too fan servicey. Metal gear Delta is a remake like Rebirth, but I doubt they will go even remotely as far as Rebirth and will mostly be by the numbers. Silent hill 2, judges don't like horror.

Hellblade 2 is apparently as extremely short as Hellblade 1. Hades 2 and Silksong are indies (also silksong copium lol). In the unlikely event it comes out this year, like Blizzard, Bungie is probably far too deep into everyone's shit list to get GotY with Marathon. Elden Ring did not come out this year.

The only one there I see as main competition is Black Myth... but that's just because it's a question mark and AAA, so same as space marine 2, no idea tbh.
Overwatch performed well when it released. Helldivers 2 has too many issues for this. Feels like an unfinished game at many moments. And I play it daily. Would be a really bad message for the industry if it won GOTY.
I really didn't like the shooting gallery one and the fact that all of the mini games are required for the platinum. The final side mission being tied to all of them too was bull. I just wanted to battle, race, play cards, and get story. The 3D brawler and the others are so infuriating.
Technically they chose horizon forbidden west and ghosts of tsushima. There is currently a trend in calling every single objective based open world "ubisoft" though which i think misses the point of why ubisoft's bad open worlds are bad.

They are bad because they slam the map with 1000 tasks and then clutter the UX with 100 breadcrumbs that overwhelm you and ruin the entire gameplay loop because everything is a meter or checklist. I think ff7 has some of these problems (Chadley always telling you what to do, for example) but it certainly does not have the map spam problem, the objectives are actually pretty spread out and use the map fairly well. You also don't get the 10,000 annoying UX icons, arrows, and pings either.
    I believe it gets called a "ubisoft" open world because it uses one of the most irritating elements that are the Ubisoft towers. 

But I agree on some parts. I feel like the main problem with Rebirth exploration was how repetitive it got towards the end. By the time I reached Cosmo Canyon, I didnt really care about the side activities  ( except odd jobs ) any more because it was just the same thing over and over. Just would do it to get it over and done without enjoying. Think it would be more interesting if they make unique mechanics for each region. I would prefer less content with more interesting mechanics then the more content using the same gimmicks in all regions.

And another irritating part is chadley. Would really be better if they severely lower his participation. He talks more then the other party members and that is just bad. Would be better to have other party members giving hints towards objectives.
I agree the world is gorgeous and that stepping out into the world moment after Kalm is almost Oblivion/Fallout 3 good! 

Oh it's absolutely not the worst for what it is, it's pretty good and even with just a few things to find out in the world would improve it a lot, like just wandering about finding materia would be sick
    The lack of focus on materia is baffling to me. It's a core part of the original's experience and they just went pretty conservative with it in Rebirth, when I thought given such a big open world we'd have all sort of variations and upgrades, similarly with equipment. Even an expansion of Crisis Core's fusion mechanic would've gone well here, or some experimental materia from Shinra's research labs/
        Absolutely agree i forget how it worked in CC but being able to find materia in the world and being able to combine it with one for Chadley for a faster level up or something would be cool
Yeah...I mean there is a TON of stuff locked behind it.

Proto Relics - 4 Boss fights + Genji gear

Assess enemies - Enemy Skills

Enemy Intel - World Bosses (needed for Genji Gear) + Region VR Fights for Materia (Elemental Materia locked behind this)

Mako Springs - Crafting Recipes (needed for Genji Gear and some side quests)

Rest Spots - Golden Feathers for Chocobo Armor for Chocobo Racing

Moogle Trees - Shop that has really good materia+manuscripts

Summon Altars - Powers up your summon matera, makes the summon fights easier (Required for Genji Gear)

And finally Towers WOULD be optional but then you wouldn't know where in the hell any of the above is...
    That’s my exact whole point and if you said that to them they’ll respond with. “It’s still optional.” It’s a good game but I agree with you. Too much exploration, a bit too many mini games especially with you needing to do some to progress the story. I haven’t got to the ending yet been too busy grinding and being forced to play mini games but if you said it’s a lot going on I’m sure it is.
FF XVI is also an incredibly great game though. Don't let FF7 being so great detract from another wonderful experience, I promise it's worth it!
Haha I feel ya - I miss queens blood … XVI has a good story, music and voice acting but that’s about it imo. I’d hardly even call it an rpg, the combat (outside of boss battles) is pathetic compared to rebirth also. Just my opinion.
Cloud carrying Aerith’s body to the water I think is what they mean
    I think the decision to not show that scene is deliberate. It's one of the most iconic scenes in gaming, there is no way they left it out without a plan to either show it in part 3 or make another massive story switch
    I think that scene will be part of Clouds recollection of his mind in the Lifestream.
FFVII is chunky to remade with modern graphics so yeah they did a good job split into 3.
Combat system , soundtrack , Charakter design , are top tier what are you talking ?
    Combat system is in no way top tier. How many times did we have to switch materia back and forth between different character sets? Combat in XVI is much more engaging IMO. 

Soundtrack got repetitive super quick. I wish we got more than tongue-in-cheek references to the original "battle won" theme.

Character design was great, but not being able to do a simple thing like jumping sucked.
        Changing materia between characters is usually not necessary, unless you're playing on hard mode yourself. In that case, your criticism isn't even a criticism of the combat system itself, lol Regardless, the combat system is top tier, it successfully combines two systems in one and offers unprecedented depth through the innovations in rebirth (parry, synergy action, synergy skills), so it is revolutionary for its claims and for JRPGs, or how many other games do you know that combine ATB and real time in a meaningful way? You don't have to like the combat system, but not calling it first class for your own purposes doesn't make sense.  

You're also wrong about the soundtrack, either you're a troll or you haven't played Rebirth, the music isn't repeated at all, at least not in the traditional sense, rather you find old arrangements in new instrumentals and new arrangements in old instrumentals, each region has its own battle theme and therefore feels unique, there is also an abundance of boss themes, not only are there different rhythmic variants, sometimes slower, sometimes faster, sometimes with singing, but the number of different boss themes also exceeds anything that has come before, it feels as if the developers had almost infinite resources and means at their disposal and they don't really have much of a clue when it comes to character design, the characters are probably the most attractive and beautiful characters in gaming ever, their story and backgrounds feel real and the sound is also of the highest quality which gives the characters more shine and depth, as I said you don't have to like Rebirth but certain things cannot be denied
            Anyone claiming the rebirth soundtrack isn't a contender for best soundtrack ever can't even be taken seriously. It's objectively one of the highest effort, largest, most varied soundtracks of all time.
            To be fair everything you just said is an opinion. I'm more inclined to agree with the first guy about the combat being overrated. Sure it combines real time with ATB but my opinion is it did neither well enough for this amount of praise.
                Of course, everything depends on your own opinion, but you have to differentiate between the masses and individual people who rate something. Rebirth now has over 150 reviews, most of which I have actually read. Without exception, all of the reviews are overwhelmed by the combat system and cite it as an absolute strength. I think we're at a point here where you can almost ignore subjective opinions, because objectively it seems obvious that the combat is outstanding. Of course, there will always be people who don't like something, but if it's basically 2 out of 10 or less, you can ignore it.

Anyway if you don’t like something just uninstall and move on
Knowing whats going to happen to her…. The fact that she performed and we got to see it.. with updated gaming technology. Captivating. The whole game is beautiful. We are in for one hell of a ride when the third comes out. Think we will be all surprised if its not game of the year.
My definition of a masterpiece is a work of art that leaves an impact. Whether you’re talking about a painting, movie, book, video game, it’s the sort of thing people continue to reference for years to come. There is a reason FFVII is being remade. The original is a masterpiece. Remake is a very good game, but in two years the game industry won’t be referencing it for design principles or story inspiration.
    And like mentioned above, a masterpiece sets an example for the entire industry, it leaves a mark outside of its intended fan base, which both elden ring and more recently baldurs gate 3 did.

Rebirth isn't really discussed at all outside of the dedicated subreddits, there is less buzz surrounding the game than ff16 even.

At best rebirth is a theme park ride of ff7, which can be cool for the novelty, but I sincerely doubt it will stand the test of time.
        I refer to these type of games (Zelda BOTW, Elden Ring, etc…) as revolutionary instead of just calling them masterpieces. Rebirth isn’t revolutionary but it’s a masterpiece 10/10 game.
        Although I don't agree with it being a masterpiece (In short don't think it's consistent or cohesive enough), measuring it by the buzz or popularity isn't a great way to determine whether it is or not. And even going by that, this is probably one of the most positive general responses I've seen to this style of an RPG in recent years, which puts it close to that mark.
    OG definitely had way more impact and was revolutionary, Rebirth isn’t close to it in terms of the impact it had. But that doesn’t mean it’s not a masterpiece, it’s the best FF since the 2000s imo. A masterpiece for me is a 10/10 game and that doesn’t mean it’s flawless. It hit all the right notes.
Time. There was nothing like it when it came out and it essentially brought mainstream games into the 3D world. The fact that it still holds up as a really, really good game even today is secondary.

This game isn't changing anything. Nor are you probably gonna come back in a year like "oooh yea I wanna play some Fort Condor then go ride a dolphin over and over until Im perfect"
I don't consider a Ubisoft Clone inspired game a Masterpiece. 

Its Main Story and Characters and general Side-Quests are great but the Open World, half the Mini-Games and half the Porto-Relics Quest was not on par with the Main Quest and dragged the game down in my opinion. This is supposed to be Final Fantasy, not Final Creed or Far Fantasy. FF16 excels with its shorter semi-open world hub and lack of crappy/claggy mini-games and focuses completely on its story and world. Half of Rebirth is sidelined for pointless filler. 

Remake is better because it didn't have to throw constant crap at me to feel engaged. I was already engaged and it kept its focus from beginning to end. Rebirth feels like it tries to appeal to every fan of open world filler with the amount of over-content it has. It has no focus and throws crap into the game to see what sticks. Im not gonna be hyped for Part 3 at all if it's just more of the same as this game.
Yeah I really enjoyed persona 5 but that game felt like it was 2 palaces too long. And then royal added another one...
That scene was definitely a nice way to end it
I do have to agree with your comment  about the conservative approach the devs took to materia.


Like 25 hours in, I still haven't found an "All" materia to hit multiple targets.  The skill upgrades and accessories are all so, so meaningless as well.  Like +3% combo damage or +5% str bonus?  +3 Mp?  Really?


To me, it feels like they were afraid players would be able to break the system, so they gave just the thinnest veil of choice illusion possible.


The funny thing is players have absolutely found game breaking combinations despite this, stuff like one cast of any ability triggers 4x comet spells of party members for 0 MP.


Again, reasons like this make me feel they threw a bunch of shit at a wall, and I guess they threw enough shit that most players found it engaging.  Overtime, praise for that sort of stuff dwindles -- e.g. early after release FF8 combat seemed totally interesting, and later players revised their opinions.
    Exactly. Even just having small variations of existing materia to find or make with unusual restrictive or bonus effects like one that can cast Thunder attacks for less MP but that significantly reduce the opponents stagger guage instead of increasing it, or some new type of materia junctioning slot on a weapon could have made new finds exploring the world more interesting. Just finding or making unusual stuff with some variety. I haven't completed it yet but from what I've seen there isn't even a materia that can use Reflect
        Fully agree, I love the ideas you came up with.  That sort of system for materia could have been a huge hit for me, making materia more distinct since the total number of materia options are pretty slim (at least in the first half the game).
Sorry I'm happy to clarify a bit more.  As far as unbalanced minigames go, it might be true?  I guess I'm okay with them being somewhat unbalanced, as it's PvE.  I had a ton of fun with Queens Gambit and Condor specifically.

I thought the summon bar was a timer?  Does it stop filling up if you do less damage?  It seemed like it was moving along pretty constantly.

As far as the number of meters, broadly speaking:

1. ATB meter

2. Synergy points meter

3. Limit meter

4. Meter to start the summon timer/meter (not visibly shown but it seems it starts after X amount of damage, the summon timer/meter appears)

5. Meter to summon the summoned spirit (if I'm wrong about it being a timer).

From my recollection, FF7 OG only had a ATB timer and a limit meter.

Of course I'm omitting the standard HP and MP meters as well, and I'm not sure how would classify quasi-meters like the limit level.  I'm also omitting meta-meters to level stuff up, though there's a fair amount of that too (XP / Weapon Level / Materia).

Even if one liked the overlapping systems, I don't think smooth is a great word for the combat.  First, you're incentivized to constantly be swapping between characters, as AI controlled party members earn very little ATB, and without ATB, you can't cast spells / items / abilities, and without that, you can't earn synergy points.  It might be fun at first, but I think this is pretty disorienting after a while.

Secondly, enemy attacks are not very well telegraphed or communicated.  Part of this stems from the need to be switching characters frequently, so your camera and target enemy are changing frequently as well.  But more broadly, the attack animations are poorly communicated, making guarding incredibly difficult to time well.

Lastly, enemy attacks are often AOE, so you can't evade.   There's also quite a few unbreakable combos so that when you do miss guarding / evading, you get no chance to interact with the game (outside of switching characters mid combo).

I don't doubt some people find it fun, but I wouldn't call it smooth.  And I think it won't hold up well in 4-7 years when the whole trilogy is available to people to play back-to-back.
    Youre talking like summoning is a major mechanic lol it's situational, dude. They're not even available in most fights, silly. You don't have to pay attention to summons at all unless they pop up. Same with Synergies so long as you just keep using abilities (which theres no reason you wouldn't). So the only bars you actually need to watch are atb/hp/mp, as always. The rest is just there for convenience when you stop time virtually whenever you want, if you're interested.

Having the overlapping atb>synergy>limit systems are synergistic, they create the core gameplay loop: use abilities to build synergy, use synergies to build limits, and then use limits on stagger. This isn't super complicated stuff, especially considering, again, you can literally stop time whenever you want. None of these are in conjunction to one another...they literally supplement each other. Like thats how they function.

And when I say this plays out smoothly, as a testament to this: you can precisely and efficiently control 3 characters at once. Everything you need is there and it works, not even a glitch. You can't do that this well in any other game and everything works as intended, animations flow smoothly no matter what you choose, hit boxes are all tight, actions have a markable impact...this is inarguably some of the most solid gameplay, on par with even a Devil May Cry game. Most players tend to agree on this sentiment. Not to mention how this all works to support a multitude of viable playstyles through creative builds or team compositions. Don't like doing things one way? There's always another. Heck, there's even the option to bail on every battle to a second before if u wanna swap a materia and become completely immune to whatever is breaking your build, and there is always an answer to any problem (usually multiple). All of this is super player-friendly stuff.

So no offense, but Id imagine the troubles you're having rely less on the game communicating attack animations and more on your ability to read them. This is evidented in that, contrary to your claim, there are multiple playstyles designed around specifically countering attacks and they all work flawlessly enough that most people main them (the main character himself, and easily the strongest in the game, is entirely built around countering lol it's incredibly easy). These counter systems wouldn't be functional if the attack animations weren't readable.

Your camera and target do not change if you lock on, which you should almost always be doing. You can easily change targets even without locking on just by flicking the right stick in their direction. And there is no other reason to touch the right stick, so you shouldn't be changing targets by accident at all. This sounds like another you problem, not the game.

And yes, you can't avoid every attack. The combat is designed around mitigating damage, not avoiding it. Although you can still avoid it by using R1 abilities to teleport players out of harm's way if you choose. Or get good at Brumal Form, which is absurdly powerful But this is why there are so many defensive options, and why getting hit actually helps build your atb and limits. You're literally supposed to get hit lol (and, of course, defend against it with any of the numerous options you have at your disposal...all you have to do is use them instead of button mashing or repeating the same brute strategies over and over).

And contrary to your final sentence, Remake uses almost the exact same combat and it is holding up magnificently 4 years later. So that's just wrong lol

To the other point, I'd hardly call minigames like Fort Condor, Gears, the boxing, dolphin racing, chocobo gliding, or numerous others "balanced" or even "good". They're essentially generic mobile games. Even more, those coupled with lazy filler quests like "go here and press triangle 3x" are detrimental to the pacing of the game. Shinra steals a key after a huge emotional betrayal and you urgently need to chase them...but let's go on a bender with Middle Management instead and spend hours perfectly mastering multiple other, significaly lower quality games. That kinda stuff is devastating to the pacing of the game. It's literally the worst part lol
        To be fair, if you feel summoning isn't a major mechanic (yet it does have a bar that fills up / counts down on a fair number of fights), that's kind of my point about them throwing shit at a wall and seeing what sticks.  Even though you moved the goalposts, it still is more meters / timers than the OG.

Regarding "same with synergies", that's just completely false.  You need to keep switching characters to build up synergies.  If you just main one character, you'll never be able to use the synergy abilities.  So you definitely need to juggle between characters, making sure every character uses enough abilities to generate synergy points (though not every ability generates them).

For that matter, summons are much more frequent (and yet, about as powerful) as Limits.  So I'm not sure why you see Limits as a part of the core gameplay loop but not summons, aside from the fact that some synergies weirdly build your limit level. (Again, another random mechanic thrown at the wall.)

The camera locking on is a fair point but doesn't really solve the issue.  Because if you switch characters with a locked on enemy, whatever enemy that character was attacking is now often not visible to you, and can do more damage to that character.

The game isn't even in spitting distance of Devil May Cry.  The timing for defense / evade are way off.  Again, I do feel unable to read attacks, but had no trouble in other games.  Still, I'll keep an eye out for R1 abilities and Brumal forms.  I saw some R1 abilities that generally reduce damage, but did not see anything about Brumal forms.

I think most players who are playing Rebirth are those who finished Remake, so probably only a slim portion went back and replayed Remake.  The people who didn't play Remake because they wanted to wait for the entire trilogy to be released are still waiting.  But I could be proven wrong.

Again, I never said the minigames were balanced, but again I don't think a balance in a minigame is necessary.  It's mostly a fun diversion, it's okay to feel over or under powered.  Though I agree 100% if you include stuff like press X three times as a "minigame", then obviously there are some terrible minigames.

Enjoyed the debate though, thanks for the info.
            Summoning worked the exact same way in the last game lol if they were throwing shit at a wall...it suck already. It's virtually unchanged. But there is no moving goalposts: the summon meter literally isn't there in most fights...namely just boss fights and a couple large or tough battles. N its there basically just to let uk you're fighting a boss and can use thusly them if u want.

Noone just plays one character lol. You have 3 characters, the game is designed around that. You're supposed to switch between them. That's why you can control off-characters with the triggers...you have to manage all 3. That's what the game is lol. Your main would just be your preferred Leader who's the core of your team's damage dealing strat.

And Synergies are built around what skilled players are already going to be doing in general gameplay...hence it's complimentary. And you don't even need to use them if you don't want to, you can play it exactly how you did in Remake if you choose. That's still a viable option right up to the highest challenges where you're rightfully expected to have mastered this game's mechanics by then.

The reason Limits are a core mechanic and summons are not is because Limits are always available and the entirety of combat is built around them. Limits are almost exclusively for when a boss is staggered and they hit like a truck even at lvl 2. Nothing in the game deals nearly that much damage.

The summons are actually kinda garbage for dps. They're for triggering elemental weaknesses and building pressure/stagger, but most of the time they're not even worth using because your abilities are better. And they are nowhere near as powerful as limits lol they're just utility and a small stat boost from the materia itself. The only ones that matter only really Phoenix as a clutch backup autorevive, kujata for elements if you didn't prepare right and dont feel like restarting the fight with three button presses, and maybe Magic Pot for largely inconsequential lil perks. To be cute about it.

But the only reason you would see summons more than limits is that you're not dealing damage (to build limits at all) and instead taking critical damage and dragging out the fight timer, which can trigger summons. It's basically doing so bad that the game has to intervene to save you.

Brumal Form is one of Yuffie’s abilities. She's easily the strongest character after Cloud and a common team Leader. You do a DMC air trick, Trickster Style. With how fast she builds ATB its super useful for just raining magic damage from any range with near impunity.

On that note, Cloud has Stinger, Million Stab, High Rise, and Helm Breaker in his moveset. Tifa has the down kick from Dante's gauntlets as her first ability, and more. I don't really feel like making a list but there is an absurd amount of DMC influence in attack animations and actual combat (with quick commands). Once you notice you won't stop seeing it lol
I mean you never know. Tears of the Kingdom looked like it was going to win GOTY easy no contest until Baldur's Gate came out. I think FF7 Rebirth is now my favorite single player game I have ever played and would love for it to win GOTY, though if something else comes out later this year that is even better, that would definitely be a good thing.
    Totk for me was never a true contender. Is the same game of Botw with more levels on maps and besieged/Kerbal mechanics. It a very well and polished game, but not revolutionary as botw. 

Like Ragnarok, I like ragnarok much more than 2018 but I think can never beat Elden Ring, since the impact on the videogame community was huge. The revolutionary game was 2018, ragnarok was so continuist.


>that would definitely be a good thing

I'm not a fanatical, so I'm totally agree with you. The only think I mean is it hard to find a well made game like rebirth in a short period of time.
        I mean the media discourse around TotK was that it was the clear GOTY frontrunner when it came out. I think just calling it BotW with some extra polish is a bit unfair because the fact that the Ultrahand mechanic exists is insane. Fair enough that the exploration that made BotW revolutionary was just iterated on in TotK though.

My personal opinion is that even the best games are often not that revolutionary but build on what is already great. Baldur's Gate 3, for example, was widely praised as being revolutionary, but as someone who played DOS2 well before, it is kind of the same thing but with a AAA budget if you want to be reductive. I think a lot of people thought it was revolutionary because it's the only exposure they've had to that kind of game, and that is worth something, but that doesn't meant that what it is doing is totally new or unique. Similarly, a cynic could say Elden Ring is Dark Souls but with an expanded open world. I'm not saying that's my opinion, just that for most of even the very best games, they are often doing the same things that other games have done, just better. That shouldn't necessarily be counted against them any more than say counting mediocre combat against BotW or an opaque story against Elden Ring.
You have to do them for platinum.
    You don’t have to platinum the game. Your perfectly capable of getting your money worth without getting a digital sticker
        I understand but I like to platinum games. So, for my review, experience to platinum matters.
Of course they can, and they might be right - but the game is a month old. If we’re all still playing it in a decade or two and enjoying, then I’ll concede it may be a masterpiece.
Ah. It’s been a long time! Even better then. Forgotten City and Northern Crater is going to rock.

Edit: they shoehorned the forgotten city in right at the end. Tbh it’s a good play to conclude the second game. Can’t wait for part three!
I disagree with popularity determining a piece's masterpiece status. By that logic, top of the billboard chart pop songs would be masterpieces because they have way farther reach and popularity than other niche songs. 

My argument is that some people online are looking at FF Rebirth or any other media that would be in masterpiece consideration and try and look for flaws. If they find any flaws whatsoever, no matter how small or nitpicky, they disqualify it as being a masterpiece. 

My counter argument is that there isn't a piece of media that you couldn't find flaws in. You have to go out of your way to nitpick flaws in Rebirth and I consider it to be in the top percentile of games ever made. A few nitpicks shouldn't diminish it's status.
    I'm not talking about popularity as a metric, im talking about reach and influence which are entirely different things. Og ff7 wasn't just the most popular and sold ff game, it also left huge marks on the industry decades after its release and have influenced other great games, the combination of said influence with its unique narrative, setting, characters and excellent pacing made for a masterpiece.

I don't think you really know what nitpicking is, as many including myself voice clear and elaborate criticism of rebirth, nitpicking would be saying "the game sucks cause clouds outfit is more blue than purple" or that one track of the score is kinda bad and hence should impact the general score.

Calling a game a masterpiece simply for liking is it ridiculous, this is the highest possible accolade for any piece of media, and the fact this question has even been asked only speaks to the gaming communities inability to accept scores below 10/10, a 6/10 game is good, but a 10/10 should be groundbreaking, genre defining and talked about in depth for generations to come.
The only discourse I hear about rebirth is speculation about the mystery box the game has been constructed as, which isn't the same as the critical discourse surrounding "masterpieces" .
It’s final fantasy. It’s going to be extremely vague. Because Japanese people are extremely vague. But that’s not going to stop me from thoroughly enjoying something that’s extremely vague. I need more extreme vagueness in my life.
Yuffie and Barrett got serious beef with her too
I am SO excited for the slap fight
Omfg I cannot wait for that part!!!
OP literally just said they never played the OG and your reply is "don't forget this event from the OG that will be in part 3 and that you don't know about yet".

I mean it's not a major spoiler luckily but just why lol? They obviously don't know what's coming and gave no indication of wanting to know.
Crazy to go through all of this and still haven’t seen anything yet lol.
    I'm telling you bro. I dont want to spoil it, but it does get crazy af.
Same bro.
hah, I heard the opposite yesterday about goty and DD2's user reviews: "Yeah that's the only reason Rebirth has a shot imo and I love rebirth"

I can't see DD2 winning personally because it would be like one of the only games ever to get GotY and have such horrible user reviews. I think HD2 is probably the strongest competition currently because it is beloved, but multiplayer games very rarely win GotY so idk.
It's 10000000x better now than at release in terms of bugs, but yeah that's not saying much

Edit: I don't know if you meant that as a pun, but my response works either way
    For sure. But that bug with the lightning weapons causing the game to crash is just atrocious. Game feels really unfinished, despite being fun when it works.
You are correct, but I enjoy theorising, and the TGA judges have a very very consistent GotY track record to base theories on.

Starwars outlaws is a Ubisoft game reskinned. Stellar blade is WAY too fan servicey. Metal gear Delta is a remake like Rebirth, but I doubt they will go even remotely as far as Rebirth and will mostly be by the numbers. Silent hill 2, judges don't like horror.

Hellblade 2 is apparently as extremely short as Hellblade 1. Hades 2 and Silksong are indies (also silksong copium lol). In the unlikely event it comes out this year, like Blizzard, Bungie is probably far too deep into everyone's shit list to get GotY with Marathon. Elden Ring did not come out this year.

The only one there I see as main competition is Black Myth... but that's just because it's a question mark and AAA, so same as space marine 2, no idea tbh.
I believe it gets called a "ubisoft" open world because it uses one of the most irritating elements that are the Ubisoft towers. 

But I agree on some parts. I feel like the main problem with Rebirth exploration was how repetitive it got towards the end. By the time I reached Cosmo Canyon, I didnt really care about the side activities  ( except odd jobs ) any more because it was just the same thing over and over. Just would do it to get it over and done without enjoying. Think it would be more interesting if they make unique mechanics for each region. I would prefer less content with more interesting mechanics then the more content using the same gimmicks in all regions.

And another irritating part is chadley. Would really be better if they severely lower his participation. He talks more then the other party members and that is just bad. Would be better to have other party members giving hints towards objectives.
The lack of focus on materia is baffling to me. It's a core part of the original's experience and they just went pretty conservative with it in Rebirth, when I thought given such a big open world we'd have all sort of variations and upgrades, similarly with equipment. Even an expansion of Crisis Core's fusion mechanic would've gone well here, or some experimental materia from Shinra's research labs/
    Absolutely agree i forget how it worked in CC but being able to find materia in the world and being able to combine it with one for Chadley for a faster level up or something would be cool
That’s my exact whole point and if you said that to them they’ll respond with. “It’s still optional.” It’s a good game but I agree with you. Too much exploration, a bit too many mini games especially with you needing to do some to progress the story. I haven’t got to the ending yet been too busy grinding and being forced to play mini games but if you said it’s a lot going on I’m sure it is.
I think the decision to not show that scene is deliberate. It's one of the most iconic scenes in gaming, there is no way they left it out without a plan to either show it in part 3 or make another massive story switch
I think that scene will be part of Clouds recollection of his mind in the Lifestream.
Combat system is in no way top tier. How many times did we have to switch materia back and forth between different character sets? Combat in XVI is much more engaging IMO. 

Soundtrack got repetitive super quick. I wish we got more than tongue-in-cheek references to the original "battle won" theme.

Character design was great, but not being able to do a simple thing like jumping sucked.
    Changing materia between characters is usually not necessary, unless you're playing on hard mode yourself. In that case, your criticism isn't even a criticism of the combat system itself, lol Regardless, the combat system is top tier, it successfully combines two systems in one and offers unprecedented depth through the innovations in rebirth (parry, synergy action, synergy skills), so it is revolutionary for its claims and for JRPGs, or how many other games do you know that combine ATB and real time in a meaningful way? You don't have to like the combat system, but not calling it first class for your own purposes doesn't make sense.  

You're also wrong about the soundtrack, either you're a troll or you haven't played Rebirth, the music isn't repeated at all, at least not in the traditional sense, rather you find old arrangements in new instrumentals and new arrangements in old instrumentals, each region has its own battle theme and therefore feels unique, there is also an abundance of boss themes, not only are there different rhythmic variants, sometimes slower, sometimes faster, sometimes with singing, but the number of different boss themes also exceeds anything that has come before, it feels as if the developers had almost infinite resources and means at their disposal and they don't really have much of a clue when it comes to character design, the characters are probably the most attractive and beautiful characters in gaming ever, their story and backgrounds feel real and the sound is also of the highest quality which gives the characters more shine and depth, as I said you don't have to like Rebirth but certain things cannot be denied
        Anyone claiming the rebirth soundtrack isn't a contender for best soundtrack ever can't even be taken seriously. It's objectively one of the highest effort, largest, most varied soundtracks of all time.
        To be fair everything you just said is an opinion. I'm more inclined to agree with the first guy about the combat being overrated. Sure it combines real time with ATB but my opinion is it did neither well enough for this amount of praise.
            Of course, everything depends on your own opinion, but you have to differentiate between the masses and individual people who rate something. Rebirth now has over 150 reviews, most of which I have actually read. Without exception, all of the reviews are overwhelmed by the combat system and cite it as an absolute strength. I think we're at a point here where you can almost ignore subjective opinions, because objectively it seems obvious that the combat is outstanding. Of course, there will always be people who don't like something, but if it's basically 2 out of 10 or less, you can ignore it.

Anyway if you don’t like something just uninstall and move on
And like mentioned above, a masterpiece sets an example for the entire industry, it leaves a mark outside of its intended fan base, which both elden ring and more recently baldurs gate 3 did.

Rebirth isn't really discussed at all outside of the dedicated subreddits, there is less buzz surrounding the game than ff16 even.

At best rebirth is a theme park ride of ff7, which can be cool for the novelty, but I sincerely doubt it will stand the test of time.
    I refer to these type of games (Zelda BOTW, Elden Ring, etc…) as revolutionary instead of just calling them masterpieces. Rebirth isn’t revolutionary but it’s a masterpiece 10/10 game.
    Although I don't agree with it being a masterpiece (In short don't think it's consistent or cohesive enough), measuring it by the buzz or popularity isn't a great way to determine whether it is or not. And even going by that, this is probably one of the most positive general responses I've seen to this style of an RPG in recent years, which puts it close to that mark.
OG definitely had way more impact and was revolutionary, Rebirth isn’t close to it in terms of the impact it had. But that doesn’t mean it’s not a masterpiece, it’s the best FF since the 2000s imo. A masterpiece for me is a 10/10 game and that doesn’t mean it’s flawless. It hit all the right notes.
Exactly. Even just having small variations of existing materia to find or make with unusual restrictive or bonus effects like one that can cast Thunder attacks for less MP but that significantly reduce the opponents stagger guage instead of increasing it, or some new type of materia junctioning slot on a weapon could have made new finds exploring the world more interesting. Just finding or making unusual stuff with some variety. I haven't completed it yet but from what I've seen there isn't even a materia that can use Reflect
    Fully agree, I love the ideas you came up with.  That sort of system for materia could have been a huge hit for me, making materia more distinct since the total number of materia options are pretty slim (at least in the first half the game).
Youre talking like summoning is a major mechanic lol it's situational, dude. They're not even available in most fights, silly. You don't have to pay attention to summons at all unless they pop up. Same with Synergies so long as you just keep using abilities (which theres no reason you wouldn't). So the only bars you actually need to watch are atb/hp/mp, as always. The rest is just there for convenience when you stop time virtually whenever you want, if you're interested.

Having the overlapping atb>synergy>limit systems are synergistic, they create the core gameplay loop: use abilities to build synergy, use synergies to build limits, and then use limits on stagger. This isn't super complicated stuff, especially considering, again, you can literally stop time whenever you want. None of these are in conjunction to one another...they literally supplement each other. Like thats how they function.

And when I say this plays out smoothly, as a testament to this: you can precisely and efficiently control 3 characters at once. Everything you need is there and it works, not even a glitch. You can't do that this well in any other game and everything works as intended, animations flow smoothly no matter what you choose, hit boxes are all tight, actions have a markable impact...this is inarguably some of the most solid gameplay, on par with even a Devil May Cry game. Most players tend to agree on this sentiment. Not to mention how this all works to support a multitude of viable playstyles through creative builds or team compositions. Don't like doing things one way? There's always another. Heck, there's even the option to bail on every battle to a second before if u wanna swap a materia and become completely immune to whatever is breaking your build, and there is always an answer to any problem (usually multiple). All of this is super player-friendly stuff.

So no offense, but Id imagine the troubles you're having rely less on the game communicating attack animations and more on your ability to read them. This is evidented in that, contrary to your claim, there are multiple playstyles designed around specifically countering attacks and they all work flawlessly enough that most people main them (the main character himself, and easily the strongest in the game, is entirely built around countering lol it's incredibly easy). These counter systems wouldn't be functional if the attack animations weren't readable.

Your camera and target do not change if you lock on, which you should almost always be doing. You can easily change targets even without locking on just by flicking the right stick in their direction. And there is no other reason to touch the right stick, so you shouldn't be changing targets by accident at all. This sounds like another you problem, not the game.

And yes, you can't avoid every attack. The combat is designed around mitigating damage, not avoiding it. Although you can still avoid it by using R1 abilities to teleport players out of harm's way if you choose. Or get good at Brumal Form, which is absurdly powerful But this is why there are so many defensive options, and why getting hit actually helps build your atb and limits. You're literally supposed to get hit lol (and, of course, defend against it with any of the numerous options you have at your disposal...all you have to do is use them instead of button mashing or repeating the same brute strategies over and over).

And contrary to your final sentence, Remake uses almost the exact same combat and it is holding up magnificently 4 years later. So that's just wrong lol

To the other point, I'd hardly call minigames like Fort Condor, Gears, the boxing, dolphin racing, chocobo gliding, or numerous others "balanced" or even "good". They're essentially generic mobile games. Even more, those coupled with lazy filler quests like "go here and press triangle 3x" are detrimental to the pacing of the game. Shinra steals a key after a huge emotional betrayal and you urgently need to chase them...but let's go on a bender with Middle Management instead and spend hours perfectly mastering multiple other, significaly lower quality games. That kinda stuff is devastating to the pacing of the game. It's literally the worst part lol
    To be fair, if you feel summoning isn't a major mechanic (yet it does have a bar that fills up / counts down on a fair number of fights), that's kind of my point about them throwing shit at a wall and seeing what sticks.  Even though you moved the goalposts, it still is more meters / timers than the OG.

Regarding "same with synergies", that's just completely false.  You need to keep switching characters to build up synergies.  If you just main one character, you'll never be able to use the synergy abilities.  So you definitely need to juggle between characters, making sure every character uses enough abilities to generate synergy points (though not every ability generates them).

For that matter, summons are much more frequent (and yet, about as powerful) as Limits.  So I'm not sure why you see Limits as a part of the core gameplay loop but not summons, aside from the fact that some synergies weirdly build your limit level. (Again, another random mechanic thrown at the wall.)

The camera locking on is a fair point but doesn't really solve the issue.  Because if you switch characters with a locked on enemy, whatever enemy that character was attacking is now often not visible to you, and can do more damage to that character.

The game isn't even in spitting distance of Devil May Cry.  The timing for defense / evade are way off.  Again, I do feel unable to read attacks, but had no trouble in other games.  Still, I'll keep an eye out for R1 abilities and Brumal forms.  I saw some R1 abilities that generally reduce damage, but did not see anything about Brumal forms.

I think most players who are playing Rebirth are those who finished Remake, so probably only a slim portion went back and replayed Remake.  The people who didn't play Remake because they wanted to wait for the entire trilogy to be released are still waiting.  But I could be proven wrong.

Again, I never said the minigames were balanced, but again I don't think a balance in a minigame is necessary.  It's mostly a fun diversion, it's okay to feel over or under powered.  Though I agree 100% if you include stuff like press X three times as a "minigame", then obviously there are some terrible minigames.

Enjoyed the debate though, thanks for the info.
        Summoning worked the exact same way in the last game lol if they were throwing shit at a wall...it suck already. It's virtually unchanged. But there is no moving goalposts: the summon meter literally isn't there in most fights...namely just boss fights and a couple large or tough battles. N its there basically just to let uk you're fighting a boss and can use thusly them if u want.

Noone just plays one character lol. You have 3 characters, the game is designed around that. You're supposed to switch between them. That's why you can control off-characters with the triggers...you have to manage all 3. That's what the game is lol. Your main would just be your preferred Leader who's the core of your team's damage dealing strat.

And Synergies are built around what skilled players are already going to be doing in general gameplay...hence it's complimentary. And you don't even need to use them if you don't want to, you can play it exactly how you did in Remake if you choose. That's still a viable option right up to the highest challenges where you're rightfully expected to have mastered this game's mechanics by then.

The reason Limits are a core mechanic and summons are not is because Limits are always available and the entirety of combat is built around them. Limits are almost exclusively for when a boss is staggered and they hit like a truck even at lvl 2. Nothing in the game deals nearly that much damage.

The summons are actually kinda garbage for dps. They're for triggering elemental weaknesses and building pressure/stagger, but most of the time they're not even worth using because your abilities are better. And they are nowhere near as powerful as limits lol they're just utility and a small stat boost from the materia itself. The only ones that matter only really Phoenix as a clutch backup autorevive, kujata for elements if you didn't prepare right and dont feel like restarting the fight with three button presses, and maybe Magic Pot for largely inconsequential lil perks. To be cute about it.

But the only reason you would see summons more than limits is that you're not dealing damage (to build limits at all) and instead taking critical damage and dragging out the fight timer, which can trigger summons. It's basically doing so bad that the game has to intervene to save you.

Brumal Form is one of Yuffie’s abilities. She's easily the strongest character after Cloud and a common team Leader. You do a DMC air trick, Trickster Style. With how fast she builds ATB its super useful for just raining magic damage from any range with near impunity.

On that note, Cloud has Stinger, Million Stab, High Rise, and Helm Breaker in his moveset. Tifa has the down kick from Dante's gauntlets as her first ability, and more. I don't really feel like making a list but there is an absurd amount of DMC influence in attack animations and actual combat (with quick commands). Once you notice you won't stop seeing it lol
Totk for me was never a true contender. Is the same game of Botw with more levels on maps and besieged/Kerbal mechanics. It a very well and polished game, but not revolutionary as botw. 

Like Ragnarok, I like ragnarok much more than 2018 but I think can never beat Elden Ring, since the impact on the videogame community was huge. The revolutionary game was 2018, ragnarok was so continuist.


>that would definitely be a good thing

I'm not a fanatical, so I'm totally agree with you. The only think I mean is it hard to find a well made game like rebirth in a short period of time.
    I mean the media discourse around TotK was that it was the clear GOTY frontrunner when it came out. I think just calling it BotW with some extra polish is a bit unfair because the fact that the Ultrahand mechanic exists is insane. Fair enough that the exploration that made BotW revolutionary was just iterated on in TotK though.

My personal opinion is that even the best games are often not that revolutionary but build on what is already great. Baldur's Gate 3, for example, was widely praised as being revolutionary, but as someone who played DOS2 well before, it is kind of the same thing but with a AAA budget if you want to be reductive. I think a lot of people thought it was revolutionary because it's the only exposure they've had to that kind of game, and that is worth something, but that doesn't meant that what it is doing is totally new or unique. Similarly, a cynic could say Elden Ring is Dark Souls but with an expanded open world. I'm not saying that's my opinion, just that for most of even the very best games, they are often doing the same things that other games have done, just better. That shouldn't necessarily be counted against them any more than say counting mediocre combat against BotW or an opaque story against Elden Ring.
You don’t have to platinum the game. Your perfectly capable of getting your money worth without getting a digital sticker
    I understand but I like to platinum games. So, for my review, experience to platinum matters.
I'm not talking about popularity as a metric, im talking about reach and influence which are entirely different things. Og ff7 wasn't just the most popular and sold ff game, it also left huge marks on the industry decades after its release and have influenced other great games, the combination of said influence with its unique narrative, setting, characters and excellent pacing made for a masterpiece.

I don't think you really know what nitpicking is, as many including myself voice clear and elaborate criticism of rebirth, nitpicking would be saying "the game sucks cause clouds outfit is more blue than purple" or that one track of the score is kinda bad and hence should impact the general score.

Calling a game a masterpiece simply for liking is it ridiculous, this is the highest possible accolade for any piece of media, and the fact this question has even been asked only speaks to the gaming communities inability to accept scores below 10/10, a 6/10 game is good, but a 10/10 should be groundbreaking, genre defining and talked about in depth for generations to come.
The only discourse I hear about rebirth is speculation about the mystery box the game has been constructed as, which isn't the same as the critical discourse surrounding "masterpieces" .
I'm telling you bro. I dont want to spoil it, but it does get crazy af.
For sure. But that bug with the lightning weapons causing the game to crash is just atrocious. Game feels really unfinished, despite being fun when it works.
Absolutely agree i forget how it worked in CC but being able to find materia in the world and being able to combine it with one for Chadley for a faster level up or something would be cool
Changing materia between characters is usually not necessary, unless you're playing on hard mode yourself. In that case, your criticism isn't even a criticism of the combat system itself, lol Regardless, the combat system is top tier, it successfully combines two systems in one and offers unprecedented depth through the innovations in rebirth (parry, synergy action, synergy skills), so it is revolutionary for its claims and for JRPGs, or how many other games do you know that combine ATB and real time in a meaningful way? You don't have to like the combat system, but not calling it first class for your own purposes doesn't make sense.  

You're also wrong about the soundtrack, either you're a troll or you haven't played Rebirth, the music isn't repeated at all, at least not in the traditional sense, rather you find old arrangements in new instrumentals and new arrangements in old instrumentals, each region has its own battle theme and therefore feels unique, there is also an abundance of boss themes, not only are there different rhythmic variants, sometimes slower, sometimes faster, sometimes with singing, but the number of different boss themes also exceeds anything that has come before, it feels as if the developers had almost infinite resources and means at their disposal and they don't really have much of a clue when it comes to character design, the characters are probably the most attractive and beautiful characters in gaming ever, their story and backgrounds feel real and the sound is also of the highest quality which gives the characters more shine and depth, as I said you don't have to like Rebirth but certain things cannot be denied
    Anyone claiming the rebirth soundtrack isn't a contender for best soundtrack ever can't even be taken seriously. It's objectively one of the highest effort, largest, most varied soundtracks of all time.
    To be fair everything you just said is an opinion. I'm more inclined to agree with the first guy about the combat being overrated. Sure it combines real time with ATB but my opinion is it did neither well enough for this amount of praise.
        Of course, everything depends on your own opinion, but you have to differentiate between the masses and individual people who rate something. Rebirth now has over 150 reviews, most of which I have actually read. Without exception, all of the reviews are overwhelmed by the combat system and cite it as an absolute strength. I think we're at a point here where you can almost ignore subjective opinions, because objectively it seems obvious that the combat is outstanding. Of course, there will always be people who don't like something, but if it's basically 2 out of 10 or less, you can ignore it.

Anyway if you don’t like something just uninstall and move on
I refer to these type of games (Zelda BOTW, Elden Ring, etc…) as revolutionary instead of just calling them masterpieces. Rebirth isn’t revolutionary but it’s a masterpiece 10/10 game.
Although I don't agree with it being a masterpiece (In short don't think it's consistent or cohesive enough), measuring it by the buzz or popularity isn't a great way to determine whether it is or not. And even going by that, this is probably one of the most positive general responses I've seen to this style of an RPG in recent years, which puts it close to that mark.
Fully agree, I love the ideas you came up with.  That sort of system for materia could have been a huge hit for me, making materia more distinct since the total number of materia options are pretty slim (at least in the first half the game).
To be fair, if you feel summoning isn't a major mechanic (yet it does have a bar that fills up / counts down on a fair number of fights), that's kind of my point about them throwing shit at a wall and seeing what sticks.  Even though you moved the goalposts, it still is more meters / timers than the OG.

Regarding "same with synergies", that's just completely false.  You need to keep switching characters to build up synergies.  If you just main one character, you'll never be able to use the synergy abilities.  So you definitely need to juggle between characters, making sure every character uses enough abilities to generate synergy points (though not every ability generates them).

For that matter, summons are much more frequent (and yet, about as powerful) as Limits.  So I'm not sure why you see Limits as a part of the core gameplay loop but not summons, aside from the fact that some synergies weirdly build your limit level. (Again, another random mechanic thrown at the wall.)

The camera locking on is a fair point but doesn't really solve the issue.  Because if you switch characters with a locked on enemy, whatever enemy that character was attacking is now often not visible to you, and can do more damage to that character.

The game isn't even in spitting distance of Devil May Cry.  The timing for defense / evade are way off.  Again, I do feel unable to read attacks, but had no trouble in other games.  Still, I'll keep an eye out for R1 abilities and Brumal forms.  I saw some R1 abilities that generally reduce damage, but did not see anything about Brumal forms.

I think most players who are playing Rebirth are those who finished Remake, so probably only a slim portion went back and replayed Remake.  The people who didn't play Remake because they wanted to wait for the entire trilogy to be released are still waiting.  But I could be proven wrong.

Again, I never said the minigames were balanced, but again I don't think a balance in a minigame is necessary.  It's mostly a fun diversion, it's okay to feel over or under powered.  Though I agree 100% if you include stuff like press X three times as a "minigame", then obviously there are some terrible minigames.

Enjoyed the debate though, thanks for the info.
    Summoning worked the exact same way in the last game lol if they were throwing shit at a wall...it suck already. It's virtually unchanged. But there is no moving goalposts: the summon meter literally isn't there in most fights...namely just boss fights and a couple large or tough battles. N its there basically just to let uk you're fighting a boss and can use thusly them if u want.

Noone just plays one character lol. You have 3 characters, the game is designed around that. You're supposed to switch between them. That's why you can control off-characters with the triggers...you have to manage all 3. That's what the game is lol. Your main would just be your preferred Leader who's the core of your team's damage dealing strat.

And Synergies are built around what skilled players are already going to be doing in general gameplay...hence it's complimentary. And you don't even need to use them if you don't want to, you can play it exactly how you did in Remake if you choose. That's still a viable option right up to the highest challenges where you're rightfully expected to have mastered this game's mechanics by then.

The reason Limits are a core mechanic and summons are not is because Limits are always available and the entirety of combat is built around them. Limits are almost exclusively for when a boss is staggered and they hit like a truck even at lvl 2. Nothing in the game deals nearly that much damage.

The summons are actually kinda garbage for dps. They're for triggering elemental weaknesses and building pressure/stagger, but most of the time they're not even worth using because your abilities are better. And they are nowhere near as powerful as limits lol they're just utility and a small stat boost from the materia itself. The only ones that matter only really Phoenix as a clutch backup autorevive, kujata for elements if you didn't prepare right and dont feel like restarting the fight with three button presses, and maybe Magic Pot for largely inconsequential lil perks. To be cute about it.

But the only reason you would see summons more than limits is that you're not dealing damage (to build limits at all) and instead taking critical damage and dragging out the fight timer, which can trigger summons. It's basically doing so bad that the game has to intervene to save you.

Brumal Form is one of Yuffie’s abilities. She's easily the strongest character after Cloud and a common team Leader. You do a DMC air trick, Trickster Style. With how fast she builds ATB its super useful for just raining magic damage from any range with near impunity.

On that note, Cloud has Stinger, Million Stab, High Rise, and Helm Breaker in his moveset. Tifa has the down kick from Dante's gauntlets as her first ability, and more. I don't really feel like making a list but there is an absurd amount of DMC influence in attack animations and actual combat (with quick commands). Once you notice you won't stop seeing it lol
I mean the media discourse around TotK was that it was the clear GOTY frontrunner when it came out. I think just calling it BotW with some extra polish is a bit unfair because the fact that the Ultrahand mechanic exists is insane. Fair enough that the exploration that made BotW revolutionary was just iterated on in TotK though.

My personal opinion is that even the best games are often not that revolutionary but build on what is already great. Baldur's Gate 3, for example, was widely praised as being revolutionary, but as someone who played DOS2 well before, it is kind of the same thing but with a AAA budget if you want to be reductive. I think a lot of people thought it was revolutionary because it's the only exposure they've had to that kind of game, and that is worth something, but that doesn't meant that what it is doing is totally new or unique. Similarly, a cynic could say Elden Ring is Dark Souls but with an expanded open world. I'm not saying that's my opinion, just that for most of even the very best games, they are often doing the same things that other games have done, just better. That shouldn't necessarily be counted against them any more than say counting mediocre combat against BotW or an opaque story against Elden Ring.
I understand but I like to platinum games. So, for my review, experience to platinum matters.
Anyone claiming the rebirth soundtrack isn't a contender for best soundtrack ever can't even be taken seriously. It's objectively one of the highest effort, largest, most varied soundtracks of all time.
To be fair everything you just said is an opinion. I'm more inclined to agree with the first guy about the combat being overrated. Sure it combines real time with ATB but my opinion is it did neither well enough for this amount of praise.
    Of course, everything depends on your own opinion, but you have to differentiate between the masses and individual people who rate something. Rebirth now has over 150 reviews, most of which I have actually read. Without exception, all of the reviews are overwhelmed by the combat system and cite it as an absolute strength. I think we're at a point here where you can almost ignore subjective opinions, because objectively it seems obvious that the combat is outstanding. Of course, there will always be people who don't like something, but if it's basically 2 out of 10 or less, you can ignore it.

Anyway if you don’t like something just uninstall and move on
Summoning worked the exact same way in the last game lol if they were throwing shit at a wall...it suck already. It's virtually unchanged. But there is no moving goalposts: the summon meter literally isn't there in most fights...namely just boss fights and a couple large or tough battles. N its there basically just to let uk you're fighting a boss and can use thusly them if u want.

Noone just plays one character lol. You have 3 characters, the game is designed around that. You're supposed to switch between them. That's why you can control off-characters with the triggers...you have to manage all 3. That's what the game is lol. Your main would just be your preferred Leader who's the core of your team's damage dealing strat.

And Synergies are built around what skilled players are already going to be doing in general gameplay...hence it's complimentary. And you don't even need to use them if you don't want to, you can play it exactly how you did in Remake if you choose. That's still a viable option right up to the highest challenges where you're rightfully expected to have mastered this game's mechanics by then.

The reason Limits are a core mechanic and summons are not is because Limits are always available and the entirety of combat is built around them. Limits are almost exclusively for when a boss is staggered and they hit like a truck even at lvl 2. Nothing in the game deals nearly that much damage.

The summons are actually kinda garbage for dps. They're for triggering elemental weaknesses and building pressure/stagger, but most of the time they're not even worth using because your abilities are better. And they are nowhere near as powerful as limits lol they're just utility and a small stat boost from the materia itself. The only ones that matter only really Phoenix as a clutch backup autorevive, kujata for elements if you didn't prepare right and dont feel like restarting the fight with three button presses, and maybe Magic Pot for largely inconsequential lil perks. To be cute about it.

But the only reason you would see summons more than limits is that you're not dealing damage (to build limits at all) and instead taking critical damage and dragging out the fight timer, which can trigger summons. It's basically doing so bad that the game has to intervene to save you.

Brumal Form is one of Yuffie’s abilities. She's easily the strongest character after Cloud and a common team Leader. You do a DMC air trick, Trickster Style. With how fast she builds ATB its super useful for just raining magic damage from any range with near impunity.

On that note, Cloud has Stinger, Million Stab, High Rise, and Helm Breaker in his moveset. Tifa has the down kick from Dante's gauntlets as her first ability, and more. I don't really feel like making a list but there is an absurd amount of DMC influence in attack animations and actual combat (with quick commands). Once you notice you won't stop seeing it lol
Of course, everything depends on your own opinion, but you have to differentiate between the masses and individual people who rate something. Rebirth now has over 150 reviews, most of which I have actually read. Without exception, all of the reviews are overwhelmed by the combat system and cite it as an absolute strength. I think we're at a point here where you can almost ignore subjective opinions, because objectively it seems obvious that the combat is outstanding. Of course, there will always be people who don't like something, but if it's basically 2 out of 10 or less, you can ignore it.

Anyway if you don’t like something just uninstall and move on
