[[Who do you want to be the villan of the final game in the botwtotk trilogy My pick is SkullkidMajora]]





I wouldn't want a BotW trilogy. As much as I love both BotW and TotK, it's time for a new Hyrule, new characters, new story.
    What if… same concept different location?  Could Yoi imagine an entire new location like OoA and OoS did?
        It should just be its own tangential genre. The traditional formula shouldnt be tossed aside considering its nostalgic success. I dont really see BoTW/ToTK in this grouping of Zelda.

A well written story on top of traditional format has always gone a long way. I have yet to try ToTK, but BoTW had an extremely forgettable story. Its strength was shined primarily by its gameplay alone. If there’s one major thing I would change in those games apart from the story is the ridding entirely of the voice actors (where most to all Zelda games prior supported textual story telling).
            Bro TOTK story is much better.  I know what you mean about BOTW but TOTK is having none of that.  If you like anime especially I think TOTK will fit you.
                It makes me curious. I own a copy, but havent gotten to it. I tried some of my friend’s save. I saw bits of the cutscenes with the Goron main character and honestly, the voice acting was as abysmal as I remember - especially in English. In Japanese, it felt more fitting. He switched over to that when I suggested it. But prefer it removed altogether.

If the story got much better, I’d be a fair bit happier. 

Still advocate the series shouldnt make this a completely new “norm.” No issue with it being something tangential to other continued games. Just hope they keep outputting the other formats.
                    The story in BOTW is fairly vanilla, but the story in TOTK is leaps and bounds more entertaining. I dare say it is even unpredictable at times. (Honestly the opening sequence alone is better than BOTW's entire story imo)
                        The opening scene threw me for a loop

When >! Ganondorf mentioned Rauru !< that threw me for a fucking loop
                            Ikr? My reaction: oh neat L and Z are gonna get into hijinks, maybe run into a monster or somethi-JESUS FUCKING CHRIST WHAT THE FUCK WHEN DID I PUT RE9 ON???
                                Lmao you wish this was as scary as a hypothetical RE9.
            I don’t get how BOTW has any forgettable part of its story. The concept of link fighting a war 100 years ago and Ganon being sealed by Zelda is just as memorable of any to me…
                For me it's pretty forgettable due to the fact that almost nothing that happens in the "story" of BotW happens to the player, and is mostly just NPCs telling you how about things that you did 100 years ago with cutscenes because Link The Character has amnesia. This wouldn't be such a bad combination if there was some actually cool things or secrets or ANY twist at all (TotK is better about this) to the things that 100 years ago Link did, but it's all basic generic Good Guy stuff, with nothing even explaining how or why you as Link The Character are such a badass. They just show you having the sword, fighting some basic enemies, and then a 1 v 100 where you SOMEHOW (not showing it at all is an example of lazy writing/ lazy cutscenes) defeat them all, but then die at the end, somehow without explanation. The gameplay in these new titles is fire, but you're smelling a different candle if you think it compares to games where the story in question actually happens to You, Link the Player Character during the actual timeframe of the game.

TL:DR Older Zelda feels like a perilous quest where a Hero needs to rise up to undertake the challenge. New Zelda feels like a Quest needed to rise up so that our Awesome Hero could be the one to solve it.
                    You also hit a valid point for comparison. 

A lot of Zelda titles touch upon the development of Link throughout. I think that gave a huge amount of charm that I couldnt really articulate into words. Watching that growth over time in the character is always super satisfying.
                        Link's begrudging friendship with Midna, for example
                I mean it’s just an opinion and unfortunate to those who dont agree, my friends were agreeable to it. 

When compared to its storytelling found in OoT, Majora’s Mask, Link’s Awakening, TP (which sortve ports off of OoT), Minish Cap, Wind Waker…..just other big classic titles, I dont think it holds up to its weight. 

Conceptually the premise is cool, but I think all of the games I shared were ones that really often tied the story to the player through guided connections on progression. It’s a formula present in Zelda throughout. 

I think it’s why I consider BoTW in its own genre. The gameplay of it is stellar and very different in scale to what others offer. But you can theoretically skip the story entirely and go straight to the castle to fight Ganon if you want to. It’s freeing. There’s no true guided order - calling to its nomadic experience. It’s pieces.

I think thats why for me and a few others, it is forgettable. Apart from armor sets, handicaps from divine beasts, and map building or gameplay experience….there really arent any necessary items needed to get through the game. In other classics, many items collected are referenced upon towards later levels which can lead to a reminder of where you got them.
            I would keep the voice acting, I think it’s a vast improvement over the old games, but make the voice acting better and the lip syncing better. My god is the lip syncing bad in botw and totk. Like make the voice acting like gowr or like insomniac level and it would be fine. Bad voice acting doesn’t mean we shouldn’t have voice acting at all imo
        I want to see those rebuilt in the way Link’s Awakening was sooooo bad
            We can hope!
        I need same enemies different whatever
        Their is a trilogy! The first was botw, then skyward sword, then totk, as far as many have theorized
            How does Skyward Sword fit in?
                So this latest theory intrigues us — the idea that Skyward Sword, Breath of the Wild, and Tears of the Kingdom will form a triforce trilogy of games, with each one representing one of the three virtues of the triforce: Power, Wisdom, and Courage.

Source: https://www.nintendolife.com/news/2022/11/random-could-zelda-tears-of-the-kingdom-be-the-final-part-of-a-trilogy-of-zelda-games
                    Ohhhhh yeah I think I heard of this
                    I feel like age of calamity would fit better because of the red theming.
    I love how this post ASSUMES 100% that there will be a trilogy for these games. Not that I would complain though, I've enjoyed the past two games immensely, and I typically don't like zelda games. But I agree it would be nice for a new Hyrule and story.
    I agree, there’s a reasons they have never reused a world before. I’ve already seen everything that botw had to offer, totk left me with some minor changes, a mirror world, and some floating rocks.
    [deleted]
        I wouldn't say the current Hyrule map was "just made". It's the same one from 2017. (Yea TotK added the Sky Islands and Depths) 

So yes, I think the next game should be a new Link, a different Hyrule, and a fresh story.
            Hey guys we found a satanist
    What if, sequel but you go beyond hyrule?
    New Elurye
        Eluryh
    New platform…
In the majora's mask manga, it is said that majora was a dragon that terrorised the people of termina until the fierce diety forced him to dance to death, and you know who else is a dragon? Exactly.

And the strong presence of the moon in the botw lore to that (the blood moon ) and i think you're onto something
    More dragon and moon lore sounds like the best way to do a trilogy for these games. I was surprised to see the blood moon was still kickin so it’d be nice to get something more on it

And ever since BotW (actually maybe even Skyward Sword) I wanted Link to get more involved with dragons. He’s got a horse. Where’s his dragon?
        And totk sucked dry all of the map's potential, so we need a new one and Termina sounds perfect.
            Okay a Termina to totk but with a more twilight princess type aesthetic would be an absolute dream game. Maybe it could explore one of the heroes that came before the Hero of the Wild?
                I’d rather more a majoras mask aesthetic than a twilight princess. MM’s art direction was characterized by high saturation, heavy shadows, and dark outlines for effect, whereas TP’s desaturated pastel everything feels bland by comparison. 

MM’s art style lends itself to a type of surrealism, while TP’s leans more towards a kind of rustic-fantasy, which I don’t mean as a knock against it, but rather that I find playing a game set in a surreal world more interesting than one set in a rustic-fantasy.
                    Honestly, that's completely valid. I think it comes down to a preference in art styles. I'm particularly fond of the tenebrism artist movement that has this sort of high contrast and almost luminescent effect. The way that the gold and blue lights stand out in the twilight-afflicted spaces are really enchanting to me.

I will say I love MM's concept art the most of any game, because you see the high contrast and heavy shadows really well on it. But I hesitate to say that the game itself properly encapsulates that style with the graphical limitations of its era. I think both TP and MM style games would highly benefit from a modern rendition where their art is taken into consideration. I say this because TP HD did a bit of a disservice by upscaling graphics that imo looked better when it had a more blurred nature to it.

 I love the art of Zelda games, and I'm really hoping that the next installment distances itself a bit from botw because ive just seen so much of it by now, even tho I like that too.
                        The concept art was awesome, and the actual game assets reflect the choices through the color gradients used for each areas palettes. When you compare them to OoT’s you can see that they have more vibrant color choices.

I never picked up TPHD, I still had my wii copy so I gave it a pass, but I’ve heard those complaints. I think TP’s overall style never really grabbed me. I felt like it was missing something the whole way through, and it felt like they were trying to appease that chunk of the fanbase that blew up when everyone saw WW.
                            The Deku Palace is one of my favorite places in the whole franchise (color, structure, music, it's all good) so I definitely see what you mean when discussing the colors. I guess I've never thought so much about the color palette for the different areas. When I think about MM's style, the main thing that sticks out to me is the use of patterns and geometric shapes. I thought that was fantastically done. The intricate patterns of the clock tower is imprinted on my mind, and there's quite a few other areas where they're used in really cool ways.

In the end, i still prefer TP – probably has something to do with my love of inkwash art, as well (monotone colors and limited palette my beloved).
            I mean...

They can widen the map if they really want to push it.
    I like it! Last battle is Fierce Deity Link vs Dark Dragon Ganondorf, ends with him being sealed into Majora’s Mask.

And maybe time works differently in Termina, so that someone from Hyrule’s distant past could maybe arrive in Termina’s future…

(This means that Majora’s Mask just got retroactively Hijacked By Ganon, of course)
    This is excellent idea
    i dont think the manga are canon
Not as the main villain but I would like a side quest involving the Ghirahim sword
I feel like majora returning doesn’t make any sense and skullkid wasn’t a villain I think they should make some new character like someone who has the ability’s of all the races so they could explore underwater in the next game
Trilogy???
    TotK made a fortune
        AoC would make it a trilogy.

Besides, it made a fortune because it's a good Zelda game on super popular hardware. If they want that continued success, then they'll just keep delivering high quality games. It doesn't have to be directly connected to totk, though it could definitely reference it.
            AOC doesn’t count and you know it
                Agree to disagree there. It might be non-canon but it's still fun to slice through hoards of monsters and Yiga
                It's the same world and characters. It gave us more content when we didn't think we were getting more. It counts in the sense that we explored these games so thoroughly I love that we did but I am tired now. I need new for the Zelda games. It's been ten years.
I want to see a game where link fights his sidekick because they got corrupted or was the final boss all along
    Phantom hourglass
        Bellum?
            Bellumbeck yeah
                Man I played pH on my Wii u and in that fight you have to rapidly swipe the stylus left and right until Bellumbeck gets slightly knocked aback but I thought that meant I wasn't doing it fast enough so I did it so fast it sharpened my stylus and scratched the screen.
So I don't think I want to see that fight again personally
                    Honestly sounds like a hardware issue, never had that problem doing the fight on my DSI back in the day.
                        No it was my fault like my wrist was in actual pain at how fast I was moving the stylus (in actuality I only had to move it about 1/8th the speed)
        I loved that game
        Wasnt able to finish that cause i wasnt a fan of the whole concept of the game
Given Demon King Ganondorf's resemblance to Demise, I'd actually like to see the game come full circle. Bring back Demise, give Zelda her fullest Hylia powers, give Link and the Triforce of Courage something on par with what the other Triforce pieces can do (seriously, Power can turn you into a giant pig monster and literally blow shit up, Wisdom's powers are hard to separate from Zelda's own powers but seem to be somewhere in the ballpark of prophetic dreams if not also barriers and various magics, and Courage...nada? We've seen Link use the Master Sword without it, so if Courage has a power I don't think we've seen it). Have them finally break the cycle. I'm not saying to "end the series," but maybe put the current incarnation of the "official timeline" to rest. After that, maybe give it the Resident Evil treatment. Start over from the beginning of the timeline and completely remake every game, not remaster, remake. Redesign everything, tell the story in a more deliberate and cohesive manner, and this time tell it like they did it on purpose. And for every remake or two, release a new game somewhere in the timeline in a way that fits as intended (there were untold hundreds and thousands of years between each game, it would not take much juggling to tell new stories in those gaps, they don't need Ganon, just some big bad, they don't really even need Zelda, she's optional, even Link is at times more of a suggestion, considering Wind Waker). I'm just ready for the timeline debates to end, and the wonky logic of the new games to start making some sort of sense.
    This is an incredible idea. Personally I feel like not much can too TOTK and BOTW, so closing off the series and looping back to remake the original games would be awesome. Plus, I feel like a lot of things are leading up to the return of Demise.
        I don't want to see a heroic Ganondorf, but I would love to see him break Demise's curse.

"You do not control me. Hyrule is MINE to conquer."
            I think he already did...

Or let me rephrase: ZELDA already did. Demise is called the Demon King, and is called the creator of Monsters. In Tears of the Kingdom, we see Ganondirf take on the mantle of Demon King and create the Monsters, as well as looking VERY similar to Demise when he does.In TotK Zelda expresses that before her arrival, that Rauru and the sages were probably destined to be defeated by Ganondorf. in that situation, Ganondorf would run rampant across Hyrule. I could then see the surviving Hylians using Zonai technology to flee to the sky. Ganondorf would continue to grow in power, eventually taking on the name Demise, until Hylia herself is forced to intervene and seal him. And do the original Zelda timeline continues.

However, because of Zelda's interference, Ganondorf did not win but instead was sealed, even if it was at great cost. he would never rise to become Demise, and so the curse of reincarnation never occurs, and the Zelda timeline is forever altered. branching paths collapse, heros' paths change, disparate events somehow coexist. And instead of a reincarnating hero, hylia, and demise, we have a prophecy of the calamity's inevitable return, likely from Zelda herself thanks to her warnings in the past, and heros that may not have any connection to each other, fighting villains that may or may not be the same ones they fought originally.

TL;DR, Zelda caused a Flashpoint paradox.
                This is the best crackpot Zelda theory I've seen.
                    If you think about it, if Ganondorf is actually an earlier form of demise, it would explain why Demise reincarnated into Ganondorf. Zelda reincarnated to Zelda, Link reincarnated to Link, and Demise reincarnated to.... Ganondorf? unless Ganondorf was actually demise's original form.
                Good idea, but the prologue to Skyward Sword has Demise originally emerging from a fissure in the earth. Which would tell me that he’s connected to the Depths somehow.
                    from what I've seen of nintendo's approach to storytelling that could probably be easily retconned at this point.
            I’m not saying a good Ganondorf, more like Demise somehow steps out of wherever he went to when he died and takes control, maybe causing Ganondorf to become jealous of Demise’s power and ultimately overthrow him, breaking the curse and becoming a modern god.
    Now that I think about it the Triforce of Courage could theoretically be what brings Link back to life when he fails/dies (not like a fairy, I mean the whole "continue from last save" thing). Yes it's a classic video game element but it could have an in-game explanation, and this also fits a bit with the whole "courage" name.

It doesn't explain why he always has that "power" even when he doesn't have the triforce of courage but idk it's still an interesting thought.
        I want to say there was an old Game Theory about that exact idea. While it makes some sense, I don't know if I expect the developers to make that connection. Then again, I don't have a counter argument or a better suggestion, so maybe it is a thing.
        Hylia is shown to be a goddess associated with time and, once the triforce split in Ocarina of Time, the parts were forever bound to their bearers across all time. Hence why Link in Skyward Sword had the Triforce of Courage, even though it was before the hylians had even resettled the ground. Why Ganondorf had the Triforce of Power, Link had the Triforce of Courage, and Zelda had the Triforce of Wisdom in Twilight Princess, even though in that timeline Ganondorf had failed to infiltrate the Golden Realm and split the triforce in the first place.

What I find interesting is the fact that we've not seen the triforce at all in BotW or TotK, and based on the new lore I'm inclined to think the triforce as we've always understood it, aphysical artifact, may no longer exist. The  so called creation gods of Din, Farore and Nayru, the ones credited with the creation of hyrule and the Triforce,  are heavily implied o have not been gods at all but rather uniquely powerful mortals  possessing sage stones in service to the high King of hyrule. a high King who's coat of arms IS the 3 triangles.  And when you have 3 powerful warriors who weild lightning, ice and fire, bearing the coat of arms, it's feasible that could develop into a mythology about 3 creator gods who shaped hyrule, then created an artifact that can make any wish come true. because really, if you had the combined power of Fire, Ice, and Lightning, and just a little bit of imagination, couldn't you make any wish come true?

Just like how I suspect Hylia in this new timeline may not actually be a goddess, but rather mythology born of Zelda traveling back in time, exhibiting incredible time powers, bearing prophecy of the future, then transforming into an immortal dragon of light. when TorK establishes that the Zonai were viewed by ancient Hylians as gods, because of them coming from the sky and their incredible technology, It seems within the realm of possibility that the so called gods of Hyrule are spawned not from actual divinity, but hylians trying to explain things beyond their understanding.
    Am I wrong for immediately thinking of Fierce Deity Link? (I haven’t played MM myself all the way through so I’m not entirely sure if it’s possible) but I feel like I’m ready for him to come back, especially if they’re gonna take your idea
        So the Fierce Deity transformation was originally a mask, similar to the Goron, Zora, and Deku of that game. That said, I could see that being a cool power of Courage. Not a 1-to-1 rip of the Deity, but give Link a transformation that just brings out the best of his abilities.
            Before these more recent games I suspected Link's origins were far more illustrious than we were lead to believe. Zelda is the reincarnation of the goddess Hylia. Ganondorf is the reincarnation of Demon King Demise. but what is Link? Just some guy? Sure he's the goddesses chosen, but why is he chosen? Unless Link too is a reincarnation, of the Feirce Deity. A God of battle. Would be an ideal warrior to be chosen by the goddess, and would explain how in the vast majority of games Link has little to no formal weapons training or experience, and yet akways comes out on top against foes bigger, stronger, and more experienced than he is. He possesses a natural skill, an adeptness for combat that is born from being the reincarnation of what is essentially Hyrule's God of War.
                I think you're partially right, but not about Deity himself. It's a cool head-canon, but Deity was part of the lore of the (almost certainly) alternate dimension that Termina lies in. As far as I know, Link's origins go back to the chosen champion that helped Hylia seal Demise before the events of Skyward Sword. So Zelda is the "blood of the goddess," descendants of Zelda. Demise's curse ensured that someone (namely Ganondorf, but possibly other villains as well) would effectively inherit his hatred, arguably possessing them, but only his hatred. Link is the reincarnation of the "spirit of the hero," passing on his soul to each incarnation (which is why he's presumably always proficient with the weapons and tools, because previous versions of him already used them). The exception to that last one is the Wind Waker line, technically Toon Link is not a reincarnation of the hero, he's a whole new hero, because in his timeline the Adult Link from Ocarina of Time went back to the past to become a kid again, creating a timeline without a hero.

Edit: To your credit, I'm pretty sure the model for Deity is just a retextured model of Adult Link, so it could be said that Deity may have been an incarnation of Link from another world, kind of like Ravio (or whatever his name was) from Link Between Worlds. That said, the similarities can be explained in-world by saying that each time Link used one of the transformation masks, he was effectively infusing part of their souls into his own, which is why his transformations didn't look exactly like the souls he got them from, so the real Deity wouldn't have looked as much like Link as the one we saw.
                    I did not bring up feirce Deity's likeness to adult link for that reason, as all of his transformation masks take on Link's features in one way or another.

I'll also mention that I did state it was a theory I used to have. because of Tears of the Kingdom I don't give it much credit anymore, since I now am of the belief that the gods of Hyrule's pantheon do not actually exist, if they ever existed in the first place. In fact I question now if the Triforce as a physical artifact capable of granting wishes is real anymore. I'm more inclined to believe that the mythology of Din, Nayru, and Farore as creator gods who made Hyrule then the Triforce as they returned to the sky is just an explanation they made to tell the story of three powerful warriors who helped to shape Hyrule in its founding using the powers of fire, ice, and lightning, wearing the crest of the Royal Family, (three triangles, aka Triforce) who then became the immortal dragons Faarosh, Naydra, and Dinraal and now fly the skies forever. The idea that the triforce is a physical thing that can grant any desire is just a myth stemming from how three warriors, wearing this three triangled emblem, wielded incredible power such that they could effectively realize anything they wanted to achieve. when the symbol is just the family crest of the royal family, and the warriors were not goddesses but mortals with natural talent boosted by zonai sage stones.

In fact a lot of the supernatural elements from past games can now be explained away. Lowrule being a desolate copy of Hyrule, the and the Realm of Twilight being a place where evil wizards were banished, could both just be the Depths. The depths is also a mirror of Hyrule, and the armor unique to the depths bears a striking resemblance to the attire of the Twilik. It's also where you find Zant's Helm and Midna's Mask.  As fir the golden realm or the realm of the gods, We've seen in Tears of the Kingdom that the sky turns gold when the Light dragon flies incredibly far up when retrieving the Master Sword. And if "returning to the realm of the gods" is actually just the dragon's taking to the sky, then the realm of the gods is probably just the golden sky area very far up.

And you may be saying " but we've seen the Triforce be a real object. Lowrule and the Realm of Twilight looked nothing like that." It should be noted that there is absolutely ZERO mention of the triforce in both BotW and TotK, and that Zelda went way, way, WAY back in time to before even Skyward Sword, and then changed events in a significant, meaningful way.

In other words, Nintendo had Zelda pull a Flashpoint paradox and basically retconned the entire Zelda timeline up to this point. While aspects of this world's history may resemble things we are familiar with, the fact that both the Rito and Zora exist at the same time, the fact that Breath of the Wild mentioned locations and events that to our knowledge did not exist in the same branch of the timeline,that heroes from multiple different timelines now canonically exist simultaneously in Hyrule's history, Nearly everything we thought we knew is out the window.
                        Credit for an interesting theory, but again not one I can get behind. There's a lot of debate as to when Zelda actually time traveled to, and while the jury is definitely still out, it could be as early as before/after Skyward Sword, but also as late as the ambiguous period before Breath of the Wild. A lot of people have subscribed to the theory that the three timelines somehow merged, and that the flashbacks from TotK take place after the merger but before the original Calamity. Personally, the only evidence of the timelines merging is that Breath of the Wild makes deliberate references to all of them, but that's circular logic (in other words if the only evidence of a merger is that BotW exists, that assumes that BotW HAS to fit in the timeline, and I don't know if that's true anymore).

As for the alternative worlds being the Depths, I don't think that one works. Lorule had sunlight and residents who were variants of the normal overworld, and they needed access to the Triforce to fix their world, which happens in the game, and we also saw that Link doesn't go "down" to get there, he had to slip into cracks that ran parallel to Hyrule. Likewise, the Twilight Realm has incredibly unique features compared to the Depths, especially considering the people, the architecture, the lighting, the portals, etc. But then there's also the existence of the Dark World in A Link to the Past, which again was a full blown over world with sunlight, inhabitants, and lore related to the Triforce. While the Depths mirror Hyrule from a topographical point (in that a mountain in Hyrule becomes a crater in the Depths), that's the only way that is a reflection. These other examples are either completely separate dimensions like the Twilight Realm or they are copies of Hyrule, not even reflections or mirrors, but just different, like Lorule and the Dark World, where a mountain in Hyrule is just a different mountain in those worlds.

I don't think Zelda pulled off a full Flashpoint Paradox (outstanding reference though), because in that scenario only Barry travels through time, so only he knows what has changed, and the changes are presented as entirely different timelines. In TotK, Zelda goes back in time, but she stays there and comes back the long way, seemingly to the same timeline. Notice that when Link wakes up in the sky, he is in the present, and then he uses Zelda's power to warp the corroded Master Sword back to her in the past. Then it is later revealed that the Sword and Light Dragon are both currently in the sky and presumably always have been. For a time, there were two Swords in one world. Not to mention that everyone still remembers the Calamity and the events of BotW (most noticable among the Zora and the Gerudo). So basically, Zelda's time traveling was more of a predestined event. She didn't create alternate timelines like the Flash did because she effectively came from a timeline where the events of her eventual travels were already part of the world she lives in. She HAD to go back in order for the events to unfold as they were supposed to. Arguably the best evidence of that is the fact that we see the sealed Ganondorf before she time travels, and then her time traveling didn't actually change anything we knew about that time, Ganondorf still gets sealed and released, the sages are all just ancestors of the champions (or at least the second string champions, since I can't actually confirm if Rivali and Teba/Tulin are related), and no significant changes were noticed otherwise.

The real mind-f*ck comes when you start asking questions about the Shiekah towers (and to a lesser degree the divine beasts, guardians, and shrines). We see one guardian on top of the Hateno research lab, so we know they still existed in this timeline, and most people assume that the shrines, guardians, towers, and divine beasts were either scrapped entirely or cannibalized to create the new lookout towers, and there's some evidence for that, but the trickiest part is the revisiting the sites where the Shiekah towers were in BotW. Several of those towers left scars, like bursting up through solid stone mountains, and yet those same solid stone mountains seem untouched in TotK. One even has a giant skull where the tower should be, and inside is a hole that shows the spine of that giant, implying that the giant was basically buried standing up in that location, which would not make sense of a tower had sprang up through that location. There's a good video about it on YouTube, made by someone called Gossip Geist about 3 weeks ago, title something like "What Happened To Hyrule," thumbnail was just the back of Link and Zelda's heads staring out at Hyrule. Highly recommend it, one of the only Zelda theory videos I've seen lately that didn't actually aggravate the hell out of me.
                            the thing about time travel in Tears of the Kingdom is, according to the game the sky islands appeared suddenly, as did the light dragon, after the upheaval. the upheaval was that moment Ganondorf awoke, and Zelda traveled back in time. So it seems that nintendo's approach is that the light dragon, the geoglyphs, and the sky islands, which were a direct result of Zelda's actions in the past, were paradoxically not present until after the moment she traveled back in time, with the citizens of Hyrule recognizing that this is a new development. Yet the Zonai Research Team's archeological discoveries would suggest that these things that no one had seen before and had no memory of prior to Zelda's disappearance, had somehow always been there. not how we would usually consider the effects of time travel, but that seems to be nintendo's approach. Not a fan of the approach personally, but it's Nintendo's game and they'll do what they want.
 That said, just because the direct results of Zelda's actions just suddenly came into being (the sky islands were a plan she made with Mineru using Zonai Technology, so I would argue they are still a direct result of her actions) it  could still mean the downstream effects of zelda's actions aka the timeline altering/merging, could happen the way we usually perceive time travel in media: being something perceived as having always been that way. 

 I will concede WHEN Zelda landed could conceivably be after the Calamity depicted on the Sheikah tablet -mainly because the opposing arm on the aspect of the ancient hero perfectly matches Rauru's arm, to suggest that the ancient hero is a young Rauru. It would actually explain how Rauru and Sonia bonded, coming together to defeat a primordial evil, and why the people of Hyrule would support his kingship: after all he just saved them all. But there is still VERY strong evidence to support that Zelda's memories take place before Skyward Sword. Firstly is the fact that Rauru's title is The High King, the FIRST king, the FOUNDER of Hyrule. This means these events have to take place before any game where the Kingdom of Hyrule was already established. And I would argue that even in Skward Sword, the Kingdom already existed. but it was a Kingdom in ruin that had been ravaged by Demise, with the surviving Hylians fleeing to the sky, where they remained so long they forgot why they were even there in the first place.

But Demise is itself proof that Zelda's memories have to take place prior. Demise is known as the Demon King, the creator of Monsters. In Zelda's memories, we see Ganondorf assume the title of Demon King, and create the monsters- A feat attributed to Demise.When he corrupts Sonia's Sage Stone and ascends to become the Demon King, Ganondorf's appearance also changes, and he bears very strong resemblance to Demise. So it seems clear to me that this Ganondorf is the origin of Demise, rather than a reincarnation of Demise. Because if Ganondorf was a reincarnation, he would not need to create the Monsters as Demise would have already done so. 

In one of Zelda's memories, she surmises that based on her knowledge of Hylian History, Rauru and the Sages are doomed to fail in their confrontation with Ganondorf, and the game gives us no reason to believe she is wrong in this conclusion. In such a timeline that those events played out as Zelda believed they would, a Ganondorf with no one to oppose him would feasibly run roughshod over the helpless Kingdom of Hyrule, continuing to grow in power as he went. Perhaps taking on a new appearance as his power grows, and a new name- Demise. At that point a band of surviving Hylians could feasibly use the Zonai Tech of their now dead king to raise the land into the sky to flee. Ganondorf/Demise would continue to dominate the land, until Hylia herself intervenes and seals him. And so the original Zelda Timeline would persist.

But that's not what happens. Rauru pointed out to Zelda that things may not play out to her expectations, because they did not have Zelda before. Because of Zelda assisting the sages, as well as her warnings about the future, Ganondorf was sealed by the sages, even if it was at great cost. So now this event that's foundational to the Zelda timeline as we knew it plays out VERY differently. That is why I argue the Depths could be Lowrule/twilight Realm in this version of the timeline. Because thanks to Zelda's interference in history, everything is different and our knowledge of past events can no longer be trusted.

Side note, since Zelda warned of Ganondorf's return and was putting plans in motion to prepare for it, it's possible this could be the prophecy of the return of the Calamity mentioned in Breath of the Wild.


But also, part of the reason I believe in this theory so strongly is because of an interview I read some years back with Shigeru Miyamoto, well before Breath of the Wild was even announced. In this interview he said their initial concept for The Legend of Zelda 2 was that Link would go into a stasis or coma, and would reawaken far, far into the future, where thered be laser guns and beam swords and robots and aliens. But they felt the technology in gaming was not yet where they could tell that story in a way that they would be satisfied with it. Every game since the original legend of Zelda has basically just been plan B, because Plan A they felt they couldn't make yet.  What he described is almost a 1 for 1 of Breath of the Wild. So if Breath of the Wild is the true Zelda sequel they always wanted to make, and everything since the original Legend of Zelda was just a compromise, I wouldn't be surprised if Zelda pulling a Flashpoint in Tears of the Kingdom is Nintendo's way of performing a soft reboot of the franchise, decanonizing every game that came before so they can move forward with the story they want to tell unshackled from old lore. 

I'm going to try to see if I can find a link to the interview, so you know I'm not just talking out of my ass on this one....

So I can't finda specific interview, and my details seemed to have been a bit off, but there's a lot of concept art and conversation that the first legend of Zelda seemingly was planned to have an alternate, Sci fi map, with Link moving between the two via time travel. this concept was revisited in Link to the past during development where link would collect microchips instead of Triforce pieces. The name Link was meant to be a reference to the link between the past and future.  If you think about it, this concept of link visiting multiple worlds/time periods seems to be a recurring element of Zelda stories. actual time travel in OoT, oracle of ages, Breath of the Wild, Skyward Sword, alternate worlds in LttP, Majora's Mask, Link Between Worlds, Twilight Princess, arguably TotK as well when looking at the Sky Islands and the Depths.

I can't reliably support my claim that BotW was the Zelda game they "always wanted to make" though, so I withdraw it. I believe even without meta analysis the theory has legs, though.
                                I'll grant that overall the theory isn't bad at all. I just think that at the moment is has way too many assumptions. Don't get me wrong, assumptions are a great starting point for any theory, but after that you have to be able to find the supporting evidence, and the Zelda timeline has way too many blank spaces for theory crafting, making it really hard to backup any theory that strays too far from the path.

Honestly, I believe you about BotW being the game they wanted to make in the beginning, or at least something close to it. I feel like I recall something to that effect in my own readings over the years. And I even have a similar theory about the idea of these two games being a soft reboot of sorts, but my theory steps out of the games a bit. Basically, I think the developers want to get away from the timeline aspect altogether, and so they're throwing as much confusing references as possible into one or two games and then refusing to comment on it, likely as a way of saying "Stop worrying about the timeline and just enjoy the games." In that regard, alternate timelines or not, I think BotW was designed not to fit into the timeline on purpose.

I still can't fully endorse a few things, like the Depths being the new version of the previously established alternate worlds. I don't see how it makes sense that in previous games these worlds were separated by magic portals with each having unique biomes, lighting and inhabitants, and now it's just "dig a hole." I'll grant that the idea for the Depths was probably inspired by all of the games that have Hyrule parallels, but I don't think the Depths were meant to take their place, more like joining their ranks. Likewise, I also initially questioned if Ganondorf could be the origin of Demise, and that the game might take place before Skyward Sword, but a lot of people have pointed out that apparently the actual naming of the Kingdom/land of Hyrule didn't take place until after Skyward Sword, and since Demise was also sealed below ground by Hylia it would make things messy if we try to make sense of the TotK Ganondorf being Demise. Originally when I assumed the flashbacks took place just AFTER Skyward Sword, I imagined that the reason Ganondorf looked so much like Demise was because it was a recent thing, the power of the curse, of the hatred of Demise, was so pure and fresh, and with the power of the stone amping that up, he basically was the second coming of Demise. Even still, there's just as much if not more evidence of the Flashbacks taking place in the far flung future prior to the initial calamity. There's just too many inconsistencies and unknowns for us to commit to any theory really. If for no other reason than the time gaps. All of real world human civilization has taken place in a gap of about 7,000 years (Mesopotamians and Sumerians, not talking about Homo Sapiens, etc). If all of human history fits within 7,000 years, how are we supposed to theorize about a timeline with at least one 10,000 year gap at the end, let alone dozens of gaps of unknown size in between? One of the things people point to when they say that TotK takes place before BotW is that the geography in the flashbacks clearly shows certain areas that are identical to BotW, while other games are drastically different. Personally, I don't consider Hyrule's geography as evidence, because if it were, the amount of time between games would have to be millions of years to account for the level of geographic shift that we see, and I do not want to go there. (I suppose the other evidence of this placement was the existence of the Molduga, saying that as often as we see deserts in Zelda we have never seen Molduga until BotW and TotK, but if Demise and Ganondorf can summon monsters, I can't personally consider the monsters as evidence, they're just extensions of the will of whoever summoned them.)

I also don't explicitly recall Zelda making plans with Mineru about creating the sky islands. My understanding of them in the game was that they "suddenly appeared" in the way that optical illusions might suddenly appeared when staring at something. Like, perhaps they were somehow cloaked in the sky, and the upheaval revealed them. However the only evidence of that is that even BotW had Zonai ruins on the south (which arguably make less sense after TotK), so it's not like the Zonai were a new thing to the people of Hyrule, they just didn't know the islands were up there. It also just occurred to me that further evidence of the Sky Islands always having been there but only just now being noticed is that we KNOW the upheaval did something to the Sky Islands, because they were literally falling out of the sky in some areas. Kakariko with the big rings was the most noticable, but also just the little random chunks that were falling all over the place. Something about the upheaval was bringing the Sky Islands down. Maybe they used to be higher? Like if they were all up around the layer where gravity gets weaker? If you try to look up into the sky in the game to see the islands that are that high up you still can't see them, and you're actively looking as opposed to citizens who are trying to rebuild their kingdom after a century of destruction. Either way, it's impossible to prove that the Sky Islands weren't always there.

I don't know, like I said it's all merky right now. Too much we don't know, too much of what we know contradicting itself, causing too many assumptions to try and fix it.
                                    I will admit time gaps and the lack of concrete evidence makes it more of "which is more plausible". I still hold that  the past HAS to be before Skyward Sword and that Ganondorf is the precursor to Demise, because we see Ganondorf create the monsters. In any scenario where  Ganondorf comes after Demise, the monsters already exist because Demise made them. 

The one thing I will push back on is the concept that TotK occurs before BotW, because we do have ample, HARD evidence to the contrary. your horses from Breath persist across save files, and if you completed the DLC  the portrait Link hangs up in the house is still there in TotK. Tulin, Riju, Yunobo and Sidon all are older in TotK, and all of them remember Link, whereas in BotW the only one who was old enough to have any memory of Link was Sidon. It's stated that the statue of Mipha was moved from Zora's Domain to Mipha's landing in TotK, and a new statue memorializing Sidon and Link saving Zora's Domain was constructed, which is an event from BotW. Impa has stepped down from leadership at Kakariko, and Payah is now in charge. The Zora King stepped down, and Sidon is now Zora King. All of the old champions are dead in TotK, whereas Link's memories show them alive before BotW. Tarry Town exists already in TotK with Hudson having a wife and Child, whereas you help him build Terry Town and see him get married in BotW. These events would make zero sense if they occurred in reverse, and honestly i could probably name a dozen more.  But the most damning evidence is the school in Hateno Village. Zelda built the school, and it's a structure that did not exist in BotW. Plus the teacher's history lesson is basically a summary of the events of BotW.  The lack of a geographic mark for the sheikah technology as evidence of TotK being a prequel is nothing compared to the proof TotK is a sequel. Besides, it would make just as little sense if TotK was a prequel and all the ancient sheikah towers and shrines just suddenly appeared from literally nowhere.
                                    As for Zelda conspiring with Mineru to make the sky islands, I believe they discuss it in one of her later memories. but also, Zelda's handmaiden discusses it at length in her memoirs that you have translated from the sky islands for that one Zonai researcher in Kakariko.
                            As for the geological impact of the towers from Breath of the Wild seemingly disappearing as if they never happened, I have no explanation for that, at least not one that could be explsined by the story. In my search to find supporting evidence for my meta claim though, I did find the transcript of an interview given to a Japanese magazine where it was stated they prioritize gameplay over continuity, that they don't mind if the details of the stories and their continuity don't line up perfectly, so long as the gameplay is good and the continuity breaks aren't so severe as to be jarring. They'd probably write off the unexplained complete and total erasure that sheikah Tech even existed as an unimportant detail.
                                This I have heard and agree with. I think it supports my "F the timeline" theory.
I always see posts like this saying the third in the botw trilogy. As much as I would love it I doubt it because all the fans of the old games dislike botw and totk for being less linear and story driven. I can see another open world game quite a while from now with a more traditional Zelda game in between.
    Unfortunately for the fans of the old games, BoTW and ToTK are the best selling Zelda's by some way. I can't see Nintendo moving away from the new formula anytime soon.
I want the villain to have a connection to both the timeline merge and the absence of the tri-force, I can see them having the Ocarina of time.
    A villain with the Ocarina of Time is an incredible idea. Heck, a villain with any of Link's old trinkets would be amazing.
Isn't the BotW/TotK trilogy already completed? There were 3 games in that world's storyline.
    Pardon my ignorance but what exactly was the 3rd game? If you’re talking about Hyrule Warriors then maybe, but it doesn’t advance the storyline or have nearly the substance of BotW/TotK. I’d equate that more to a spin-off/side story than a game being part of a trilogy.
        Either way it's so much more than any other Zelda game has ever gotten. OoT got a single hastily made but beloved sequel, and that was the most acclaimed game of its time. We can leave that part of the timeline alone now. Like I love the world of botw, but I desperately want a new Hero and place in time for the next game. That's all I ask.
            I totally agree I’m good with moving on from the current storyline, my disagreement was purely about there being a proper trilogy for it. New storyline and location please!
        Skyward Sword -> Breath of the Wild -> Tears of the Kingdom

These 3 pretty neatly wrap up the Hylia Saga, and are all intrinsically linked closer than any other 3 games in the series have ever been, even with storyline foils of each other between SS and TotK
            I always thought of skyward sword as just being the beginning of the whole “eternal rebirth of good and evil” aspect, but I can definitely see the tie-in, thanks!
                It's fun to think of it as the necessary prequel style lore for BotW and TotK, and possibly that Skyward Swords lore may only exist in this new Hyrule that we currently live in.
Majoras mask should possess multiple characters throughout the game, fighting majora on a goron would be dope!
    Didn't we have a Majora on a goron fight in totk?
        And it was one of the best parts of the game!!
There is a lot supporting that theory. Personal pick for me, I kinda wanna see something like an “Aspect of Demise” or something, like Demise got so fed up with Ganondorf that he just goes at it again and tries himself to take down Hyrule.
If there was a 3rd game, I'd want it to be a new villain, not a returning one. Maybe something that threatens the land of Hyrule from a new kingdom after Zelda opens its borders. This entity or person wants to steal the triforce, so it is up to Link to stop it before it happens. Zelda gets captured, if not injured and the triforce is stolen, somehow weakening her, and now link must travel to this new land to get it back from this new evil.
> Oh... So the evil left the mask after all.

As much as I'd like Majora to return, it doesn't seem likely.
A return of the mask would be cool but Skullkid was rescued from it in the final events of MM then it jumped to the Moon but ultimately was back in the mask collector's possession right? Leaves to pick a new host to bridge things. After Phantom Ganon, just ANYTHING else 😅
I don’t want a third game?
i'm thinking that we will probably get something moon related because we know that >!the zonai came down from "the heavens" which is to say Rauru and Mineru. but we also know that the sky islands did not exist until later when Zelda told Mineru to make them.!<

>!Then they (Rauru x Sonia leading the Hyruleans) led a crusade against all monsters and sealed the evil energy causing them to respawn into the shrines (which also begs the question of what evil they sealed away before Ganondorf was even relevant but that's a discussion for another day).!<

>!But we still don't know what happened before that. I think it's fair to say that they are kind of rabbit coded at least to my eyes, and we know about Japanese folklore regarding rabbits on the moon, I think that the Zonai are from the moon. The heavens, as it were.!<

And just like in the previous game where Kohga falling into the Earth was relevant in the next game, where was the last place we saw him in this one? >!Firing off into the sky on a rocket. Boom. Kohga is on the moon and we are going there next.!<

edit: spoiler tagged some stuff if somehow y'all haven't beaten tears yet
    Plus there was concept art about aliens coming to Hyrule for Breath of the Wild
There probably won’t be one
If they made another game in the style of. BOTW and TOTK, it would need a completely different world and also would need a completely new antagonist. I’d love for Skullkid to return but his character is long lost to time and isn’t tied to the timeline like Zelda, Link and Ganondorf (and Beedle for some reason). Also Majora’s Mask being a simple DLC/Collectable headgear shoots down the idea that it could come back as an antagonist. I’d like to see an antagonist much like Astor from Age of Calamity. Someone who’s either trying to carry out Ganon’s will, or someone with an entirely different personal goal
I would love to see a return to Termina where people have fallen ill and awakened to nightmares of giants, a mysterious blue instrument lost to time and an evil look mask that seems all too vivid to be imaginary. The story would be something along the lines of after a few months Link and Zelda who's currently pregnant for those ZeLink fans receive a letter from the mayor/ruler of Termina about so weird happenings so they request that Link visits thinking nothing of it he sets out wishing Zelda a farewell and continuing on horse back until he finds the mask at first nothing seems strange about it besides some vein like vines coming out of it but Link seems to be none the wiser as he bends down to touch the mask as soon as he does it starts to come alive threating to make the moon fall again after this event Link must learn of the ancient artifacts such as the transformation masks the ocarina of time as well as the legend of the ancient hero.
What are you talking about? There is absolutely no confirmation at all that this is a trilogy. It's just the direction they've taken 3D Zelda in
I don't want a trilogy lol
Corrupted Fierce Diety
I vote for a completely new or very reimagined villain
Was it confirmed we are getting a third game? I feel the story is better off ended here
Jokes on y'all... Skyward Sword was the first game in this "Trilogy"
Eh. I wouldn’t want a new game.
Whut? Was there something in totk that would make that make sense?
If we keep escalating, it's likely going to be Demise. I mean, the MS literally broke this game, who's to say that the seal on Demise didn't weaken during this time
    Oh shit, that's a good point! Honestly, while I kinda don't want there to be a sequel to ToTK, if it had Demise return due to the seal containing him in the Master Sword weakening when it was shattered, I would be up for that
I would prefer just another Majora's Mask.  Or a hard core remake.  I really miss the mask and transformations.
I really hope there won't be a third game in the same style as BotW. It gets boring over time.
I don't want skull kid as the villian but I would like to see you acquire majoras mask then black out for an unspecified time. Next time the blood moon triggers there's a face on it.
I count Age of Calamity as part of the BotW trilogy. Canon or not, it told a prequel story to BotW, and now we also have it's sequel. I'm very happy with the entire story told in these three games
I doubt it will be a trilogy. Zelda games have traditionally come out in pairs and then things are switched up.
    The oracle games were only a duo and not a trilogy for technical reason.  Remember that
Yeah, this would be pretty good. As much as people don't want a trilogy, I really do: maybe bring in some elements from previous games, like more Sky stuff (Skyward Sword referances) and maybe a wolf companion (Twilight Princess)
I don’t want a Breath Trilogy. I don’t think Tears shouldn’t have been a direct sequel to begin with. Like somebody already said: it’s time for a brand new Zelda. A new iteration of the “eternal monomyth”. That’s how Zelda’s always been & it should stay that way.
There doesnt need to be a trilogy. I would love a more engaging story-based game from the franchise. Something with darker undertones.

Edit: fuck it, make Majora’s Mask 2
    I don’t see how a sequel to Majora’s Mask could be made though? Since link pretty handily removed the evil hexing power the mask had been cursed with. I don’t think Majora was ever intended to be a recurring villain
        Consideration to new hexing for a similar mask due to someone with malice reading hyrule/termina history?

Edit: even 2 masks made in history?
            Yeah but then it’s just a retread if Majora’s Mask, which at that point I’d love a total remake/redesign of Majora’s Mask in a similar vein to what Final Fantasy VII got
We already got a trilogy. The last boss was the Dragon Ganon. Does no one play Hyrule Warriors?
There is not going to be a third botw
Vaati. Please let it be Vaati. First off I need a 3D version of him in the art style and I need him to come back because he's the only other reoccurring villain. We have Ganon from Botw, Ganondorf from Totk, Vaati is the only other villain that has been in multiple games (four sword and minish cap.) Also he's purple and I love him and he's my favorite and I need him so PLEASE NINTENDO MAKE IT HAPPEN.
    Vaati was killed for good at the end of Four Swords Adventure unfortunately, if we ever see him again it will be a game that takes place solidly before that one.
        True, but magic can do a lot is LOZ. I think there should at least be a reference to him somewhere, because the minish were going to be in Botw early on. It would have been so cool to find old wind temple ruins or a weapon like the four sword. I think it would be cool if the four sword acted like the Sheikah powers that Impa uses to duplicate herself in AoC. I miss my dramatic little minish man :'(
            I do agree on that, I love the games that feature the four sword, and I’d love to get another 2D game with it, especially if it had some of the mechanics of Four Swords adventure with a more traditional 2D world
It's going to be a trilogy?
    I love the games dont get me wrong..but i hope not. I have a combined 400 hrs+ in that era of hyrule and i dont feel a need for a third game set there
        Yeah same, maybe if they gave us an entirely new map and tone then I'd be for it. Maybe they need to 'chase' the next main villain to an outside land. But I'm also looking for a complete art style change. Maybe something akin to twilight princess with a realistic look.

The cell shade looks is great but after staring at it for close to 300 hours I'd like a change.
            Agreed. Im ready for a darker creepier zelda. Something more along the lines of Majoras mask type creepy
Plot twist, evil Link being taken on by his and Zelda’s son or daughter because Zelda was murdered. Their child bearing the new crest of power to take on the corrupted crest of courage and wisdom. Which Link took from Zelda as she died in his arms.
Probably Ganondorf somehow coming back. Though a return of Majora would be absolutely epic
    I wanna fight him on his Demon Horse
Don't we already have a trilogy? Or does the Hyrule Warriors game count more as a *Hobbit*-styled prequel?
    I think it is considered non-canon
This would make for an amazing dlc ngl
Nintendo: For the first 30 minutes and then Ganon is the final villain again? You got it.
    The return of Yuganon?
For me it would be Vaati
Twinrova
I feel like the obvious pick is Vaati. They're the second biggest villain after Ganondorf
Tingle for sure.
I pick the demon train spirit but not as a train. Malladus
    A second Demon King
Yes please! Would love some mask based gameplay!
There needs to be a BOTW game featuring Young Link.
I played with a Hyrule-Lorule idea where Zant kidnaps Sidon's daughter Rito and is attempting to resurrect Malladus by finding Majora's Mask. You'd team up with Sidon as a permanent companion and you'd explore cross-world rifts that Zelda and the other sages have been defending/exploring (as well as their Lorulian counterparts in Agahnim the thunder mage, Vaati the wind sorcerer, Ghirahim the lord of fire, Morphius the master of water, Princess Hilda and her version of Impa, Yuga).

These Demise-laden rifts are a result of the Great Demon Dragon exploding right outside of Tarry Town and destabilizing the interdimensional boundary between the two worlds. The chasms have been healed so there's no Depths but Lorule also has Sky Islands. The Yiga are up to no good and have joined forces with Zant and the Twili. Every sage is predictably an agent of evil that turns into a boss fight, unfortunately resulting in another rift between worlds.

After defeating the four major villains (with Morphius spawning Dark Link and being the one who captured Rito in the first place), you and Sidon fight Zant in two phases: a normal phase where Kohga assists, and a demonic phase where Zant wears Majora's Mask. Upon Zant's defeat, Princess Hilda betrays Zelda and Yuga steals the dropped mask. Hilda explains that Malladus promised to bring light and safety to Lorule if Hyrule were sacrificed and that Zant was Yuga's puppet the entire time, with the "sages" being puppets of Zant to destabilize the cage containing the Demon King. [The mechanics of the sacrifice include placing Majora's Mask onto a princess, hence why Zant grabbed Rito and why Yuga targets Zelda]


You fight and defeat Yuga-Majora. Then, feeling betrayed, Kohga places the Majora's Mask onto Princess Hilda, releasing the new Demon King. For the final fight, you face the newly-released Malladus (there's an epic chase across both maps where Malladus tears fabrics in reality but Zelda closes them up). With Malladus defeated, the rifts all close and the Hyrulians depart. Zelda forgives Hilda and tells her to make the right choices now that she doesn't have a Demon King to worry about.
    This is so preposterous it may very well be genius
Trilogy?
I’d think either zant or majora/skullkid
I don’t want a trilogy to begin with. I want to go back to traditional Zelda games
while we most likely aren't getting another game in this saga, I would like to see Vaati return in the future
Ganon/Vatti hybrid like the final boss in ALBW
I just hope the hero is Link's child
MC being my 3rd favorite game, I would love Vaati
A big bad yiga boss. I love the yiga clan so much

With their fascination with masks you could work in a majorahs mask plotline
villain*
I wouldn’t mind seeing Skullkid/Majora actually return.
Vaati
A demise return would be cool
Imagine the third game where having the mask of majora actually made your character evil
Demise… Just Demise
Vaati
Majora shows up out of nowhere and just screams in Link’s face: IT’S PAYBACK BITCH!!!!!

And Link is just so fucking confused lol
A new one if there is a third game
Someone new. Nobody besides Ganondorf again could pull it off without screwing up the lore even more.
I don't even want a trilogy for that Breath of the Wild system we currently have.
All of them, 7 dungeons with 7 bosses, all previous villains from past games, attempting to resurrect Ganon, only to fail and create Dark Link...with every ability Link has including FuryRush and Fairys.
    Each dungeon would contain a peice of triforce that the 7 villains created when they kidnapped the 7 maidens from different towns...and when you think your at the end of the game, you fight Aganhim who summons Demise when he's killed. He does some magic crud and turns Hyrule into the dark world and you play thru the whole map again now hunting down demise, and when you find him, he manifests into dark link. To beat him, you will have to do every dungeon again to collect more triforce pieces to have 2 (wisdom and courage) to even stand a chance against DarkLink, and when beaten gives the Triforce of Power, which creates the full trinity, and Link uses to revert the change and bring back the Hyrule we love.
This isn't about the villain or anything but I've always wanted a BotW style game where you could go underwater. I just feel like that would be such a great way to expand on the world of Hyrule if they chose to do it just one last time.
A - I really don’t think they’re going to reuse the map a third time. I think they’ve milked it for all it’s worth. Maybe if they change the map, but at that point it would be more creatively fulfilling to do something new. 

B - I think what makes Skull Kid so memorable is that he’s only in Majora’s Mask. He has a unique presence and I don’t know if I want that to be trampled upon.
I think the next game should have Yuga as the villain and the reason would be that in a third game Hyrule had to be evacuated due to the 3 current maps all collapsing into one so this new land they go to to live in is based more on LBW with Yuga & Hilda. You can also do cool things with the races having counterparts in this new land that are either the opposite of what they normally are or are based on a different game’s version. Lastly you can make it so that instead of Divine Beasts & Zonai Sages we have god based powers from ancient races guiding each of the sages as their chosen ones to kill Yuga and the reincarnating demon once and for all. That makes botw at the farthest end of the timeline as some weird soft reboot like windwaker’s flood was so there’s a way that everyone wins.
I don’t want another game set in this version of hyrule. We have botw, totk, and age of calamity - that’s enough, time for a new aesthetic and a new story. 

But I do love that majoras mask is finally getting more love by the broader fanbase. It’s by far the most enjoyable Zelda game to me.
I would've picked majora too but in the dragon because it would be a little more cool or it could have bosses like you'll fight a form of shadow Gannon and then fight majora,just and idea please don't hate me
Who ever said there’s going to be a trilogy…? Lot of assuming there dude
I don't know what else you could do with the "Wild Series" like I always support reusing assets and engines so that developers can focus on gameplay and story (Majora's Mask fangirl over here), but TotK to the wild series to new heights, it finally utalized the map so it wasnt just a glorified walking sim. If anything they just just develope and publish DLC for a bit, expand the world by adding more Temples, would love to have more then 5, like the map is HUGE and theres essentually no temples, however there is so much more to do besides temples so its not as boring as BotW.  


What they could do it make a time mechanic so that you could play before the calamity and they could have a new antagonist, not a reused one. That why you could see Hyrule field in it's glory days.
I don't want to see this version of Hyrule again. Two games with virtually the same map is already pushing it, even if it's changed.
Would love for Vaati to come back at some point, I thought he was a really cool villain
All of the bosses from the previous games
Mine would be majora.
i would love a botw/totk trilogy because i love the games but i’m ready for some new games , i love the characters and all but i excited to see where the zelda series goes now , i do hope it’ll be open world , i like to go at my own pace
this is why fans dont make the game, unless it's Sonic
I want something new. Both in terms of a villain, and in terms of gameplay. I think it’s time for a new Link and Zelda as well.
Demise, Ghirahim or a merging of the calamity and Ganondorf
Ganondorf
Why a trilogy? And why would skull kid be a villain. He has a connection to a different hero and he isn’t a villain anymore. In his 3 appearances he’s links friend and only antagonistic once
*coughs in aoc being apart of this trilogy, cause it's literally the red game. The game that represents power

While botw is wisdom and totk is courage.*
I suspect based on lore in TotK we could see a prequel game. either following the ancient hero, or having link bring thrust back in time because of Zelda. the Rito speak of a God from the sky, who protected them and built the sky ark. the gerudo have a legend of the eighth heroine, who was actually a hylian voe who appeared from nowhere and saved the gerudo in their time of need. then of course there is the mural depicting the ancient hero working with the goddess to stop the calamity. and it's worth noting that when wearing the aspect of the ancient hero, the left arm on the guise perfectly matches Rauru's right arm. perhaps the ancient hero is actually Rauru in his youth, and we could have a game exploring a very different hyrule from ancient times, depicting the founding of hyrule where either you play as a young rauru, or a time displaced Link assisting a young Rauru.
    And in this same vein, we now know that Dinraal, Farrosh, and Naydra had to have been mortals with sage stones once upon a time. their transformation msy in fact be why Mineru knows that consuming a sage stone transforms one into an immortal dragon. And Din, Nayru and Farore were goddesses attributed with the creation of Hyrule. A game set in the ancient past showing Hyrule's founding, could depict these characters assisting young rauru through their sage powers in founding hyrule, before defeating the ancient calamity required them to become dragons.
        Alternatively, but far less exciting, it could be argued that Hyrule Warriors Age of Calamity is actually chronologically the first game in the trilogy, with Tears of the Kingdom being the last.
I’d love to see another Vaati appearance.
Link is the villain.
Zant and new villains based on the Twili
Zant😩😩
I want Vaati back. I don't care about a trilogy, I just really liked him and wish we knew more about him
Isn't it obvious that Ganon in some form will be the boss
I think it could be awesome to either bring demise back (could solve a lot of questions about the timeline) or explore more of the twilight realm
If it's to be a Trilogy, there can be only one villain.  Demise. 

That said... if we're going to bring everything full.circle and see Demise truly defeated, it would pretty much have to be more linear in terms of story. And I would be okay with that on one condition:  They bring proper dungeons to the game. 

Hyrule is open world again, but you don't have the tools yet to traverse it in earnest. The tools are the gimmicks found in the dungeons.  Because of the whole lost arm and series of crippling injuries sustained over the course of everything, the items could be some manner of future tech or magic prosthetic. No Rauru, no Rauru ghost arm anymore and all that. 

No.sages here. Not in the usual sense. The truly ancient heroes/allies could come out to play, courtesy of fan favorite Cas. Cas of course has knowledge of the old legends, songs, and such... Eventide Isle is home to a shade of a child who teaches him to control the wind, enabling him to fly farther and faster. The Temple of Time on the Plateau hosts a shade that teaches the capacity to bring night to day. One of the great skeletons hosts a shade that teaches him to gain insight from dreams. A bird on a distant mountain teaches him a song to wake any sleeper. A strange man teaches him a long-lost song to heal the soul.... The list goes on. So many old mechanics could make a roaring comeback in fascinating ways.
I know it won't make too much sense but I want to see demise to really round everything out
An even more ancient and powerful Gannon? Someone buried deeper than the guardians, deeper than the Zonai.
That moon was pretty scary to end it all so yeah I vote for the moon 🌚
I think… TotK *was* the third in the trilogy. Skyward Sword was the first, sadly.
im sorry, this is my only response to that. 
[.](https://imgflip.com/i/7xj76w)
Tbh I would neither be surprised or mad if the next game ended the franchise so my pick would be (and yes I know this is extreme) all the different links and zelda fighting demise after he absorbed the power of all the ganons and maybe even majora ngl
It’s going to be Ganon again, in the closest he’s been to his Demon King Demise form since he first took the stone. We’ve had Ganon the Beast, and Ganondorf the Man. The stakes keep rising, and he keeps getting stronger.

This will be the end, and the beginning, of everything in Zelda, creating the origin point of the stable time loops that the series persists in.
as much as I love Majora, it needs a really dark game to be a proper villain. my vote is for Vaati
Honestly, idk who this creature is, but it screams crash bandicoot to me.
Hear me out…calamity ganon again. Prequel/sequel(ish, to TotK), play as the ancient hero 10,000 years prior to BotW and take down calamity ganon with ancient technology. There’s so much mystery around him I want to learn more
The Whale
A side part if it becomes a trilogy, the third game should have Ganondorf's (or Ganon's) memories

Memories of each wielder of the triforce
Possibly Ganondorf, but in another form/revived. They could go the zelda 2 route and have him reborn as links shadow.

Alternatively, they could go with an outside villain, like one not from hyrule. Possibly throw hyrule into a war after Ganondorf had ravaged the country for the last 100+ years with a new villain.

It's tricky because the death of Ganondorf should have waited until the 3rd game, and I don't really think they have another villain that meets his caliber.
That trilogy’s over mate. Just ended a few months back. But I would like a major as mask imported for the switch!
I would like to see a revamped Majora. With how far graphics have come, I think there's some potential for some very cool visuals. I think just the ambiance of Majoras mask is something I honestly miss. Can't think of anything else quite like it.
DEMISE
I want new guy
I want an original villain, maybe we can build off the concept of the blood moon where our next adventure is going to space. A space fantasy may sound weird but remember, we have Star Wars. We also have aliens in scraped concepts for botw. I say it’s time we leave hyrule for a new kingdom in the stars that will connect back to hyrule for the fate of both kingdoms.

Maybe we could even learn where the divine beasts went after their disappearance. 

The climax could of course be on the blood moon itself where the entire goal could be to free the normal moon of the blood moon’s curse where an evil born of the malice and gloom is creating a new villain, perhaps Ganondorf’s child?
Go to termina in the final game?
I would love to see a mash up of all the belived incarnations of demise. Vati screwing up the rito, majora giving the gerudo desert madness, zant turningthe gorons into shadowbeasts of some sort, and I guess girahim can be screwing with the Zora because I ran out of enemies, and thought I should put him somewhere. Then with demise gathering the shards of power left over after you defeat each one. Then one more epic battle around hyrule castle where you see the shards power up old avocado and toes before a last demise destruction. Maybe each big baddie can give demise a part of himself as a pseudo demise. We see the windy body of vaati used as a base, with the face of majora, the claws and agility of Zant, and of course, wielding girahim. After breaking this form, the shadow energy coalitions itself into traditional demise. And I know it'll be the third time now, but maybe after you defeat traditional demise, Ganondorf comes out of the remains for one final attempt, one final reincarnation. Maybe the only way to save himself from a certain totk event.
Same kind of
Master kohga, I know he's already a big antagonist, but seeing him as a main villain and taking that role seems interesting. Unlike Ganon, I see him active like Ghirahim.
Does AoC not count towards the trilogy since it’s third party?
What if… same concept different location?  Could Yoi imagine an entire new location like OoA and OoS did?
    It should just be its own tangential genre. The traditional formula shouldnt be tossed aside considering its nostalgic success. I dont really see BoTW/ToTK in this grouping of Zelda.

A well written story on top of traditional format has always gone a long way. I have yet to try ToTK, but BoTW had an extremely forgettable story. Its strength was shined primarily by its gameplay alone. If there’s one major thing I would change in those games apart from the story is the ridding entirely of the voice actors (where most to all Zelda games prior supported textual story telling).
        Bro TOTK story is much better.  I know what you mean about BOTW but TOTK is having none of that.  If you like anime especially I think TOTK will fit you.
            It makes me curious. I own a copy, but havent gotten to it. I tried some of my friend’s save. I saw bits of the cutscenes with the Goron main character and honestly, the voice acting was as abysmal as I remember - especially in English. In Japanese, it felt more fitting. He switched over to that when I suggested it. But prefer it removed altogether.

If the story got much better, I’d be a fair bit happier. 

Still advocate the series shouldnt make this a completely new “norm.” No issue with it being something tangential to other continued games. Just hope they keep outputting the other formats.
                The story in BOTW is fairly vanilla, but the story in TOTK is leaps and bounds more entertaining. I dare say it is even unpredictable at times. (Honestly the opening sequence alone is better than BOTW's entire story imo)
                    The opening scene threw me for a loop

When >! Ganondorf mentioned Rauru !< that threw me for a fucking loop
                        Ikr? My reaction: oh neat L and Z are gonna get into hijinks, maybe run into a monster or somethi-JESUS FUCKING CHRIST WHAT THE FUCK WHEN DID I PUT RE9 ON???
                            Lmao you wish this was as scary as a hypothetical RE9.
        I don’t get how BOTW has any forgettable part of its story. The concept of link fighting a war 100 years ago and Ganon being sealed by Zelda is just as memorable of any to me…
            For me it's pretty forgettable due to the fact that almost nothing that happens in the "story" of BotW happens to the player, and is mostly just NPCs telling you how about things that you did 100 years ago with cutscenes because Link The Character has amnesia. This wouldn't be such a bad combination if there was some actually cool things or secrets or ANY twist at all (TotK is better about this) to the things that 100 years ago Link did, but it's all basic generic Good Guy stuff, with nothing even explaining how or why you as Link The Character are such a badass. They just show you having the sword, fighting some basic enemies, and then a 1 v 100 where you SOMEHOW (not showing it at all is an example of lazy writing/ lazy cutscenes) defeat them all, but then die at the end, somehow without explanation. The gameplay in these new titles is fire, but you're smelling a different candle if you think it compares to games where the story in question actually happens to You, Link the Player Character during the actual timeframe of the game.

TL:DR Older Zelda feels like a perilous quest where a Hero needs to rise up to undertake the challenge. New Zelda feels like a Quest needed to rise up so that our Awesome Hero could be the one to solve it.
                You also hit a valid point for comparison. 

A lot of Zelda titles touch upon the development of Link throughout. I think that gave a huge amount of charm that I couldnt really articulate into words. Watching that growth over time in the character is always super satisfying.
                    Link's begrudging friendship with Midna, for example
            I mean it’s just an opinion and unfortunate to those who dont agree, my friends were agreeable to it. 

When compared to its storytelling found in OoT, Majora’s Mask, Link’s Awakening, TP (which sortve ports off of OoT), Minish Cap, Wind Waker…..just other big classic titles, I dont think it holds up to its weight. 

Conceptually the premise is cool, but I think all of the games I shared were ones that really often tied the story to the player through guided connections on progression. It’s a formula present in Zelda throughout. 

I think it’s why I consider BoTW in its own genre. The gameplay of it is stellar and very different in scale to what others offer. But you can theoretically skip the story entirely and go straight to the castle to fight Ganon if you want to. It’s freeing. There’s no true guided order - calling to its nomadic experience. It’s pieces.

I think thats why for me and a few others, it is forgettable. Apart from armor sets, handicaps from divine beasts, and map building or gameplay experience….there really arent any necessary items needed to get through the game. In other classics, many items collected are referenced upon towards later levels which can lead to a reminder of where you got them.
        I would keep the voice acting, I think it’s a vast improvement over the old games, but make the voice acting better and the lip syncing better. My god is the lip syncing bad in botw and totk. Like make the voice acting like gowr or like insomniac level and it would be fine. Bad voice acting doesn’t mean we shouldn’t have voice acting at all imo
    I want to see those rebuilt in the way Link’s Awakening was sooooo bad
        We can hope!
    I need same enemies different whatever
    Their is a trilogy! The first was botw, then skyward sword, then totk, as far as many have theorized
        How does Skyward Sword fit in?
            So this latest theory intrigues us — the idea that Skyward Sword, Breath of the Wild, and Tears of the Kingdom will form a triforce trilogy of games, with each one representing one of the three virtues of the triforce: Power, Wisdom, and Courage.

Source: https://www.nintendolife.com/news/2022/11/random-could-zelda-tears-of-the-kingdom-be-the-final-part-of-a-trilogy-of-zelda-games
                Ohhhhh yeah I think I heard of this
                I feel like age of calamity would fit better because of the red theming.
I love how this post ASSUMES 100% that there will be a trilogy for these games. Not that I would complain though, I've enjoyed the past two games immensely, and I typically don't like zelda games. But I agree it would be nice for a new Hyrule and story.
I agree, there’s a reasons they have never reused a world before. I’ve already seen everything that botw had to offer, totk left me with some minor changes, a mirror world, and some floating rocks.
[deleted]
    I wouldn't say the current Hyrule map was "just made". It's the same one from 2017. (Yea TotK added the Sky Islands and Depths) 

So yes, I think the next game should be a new Link, a different Hyrule, and a fresh story.
        Hey guys we found a satanist
What if, sequel but you go beyond hyrule?
New Elurye
    Eluryh
New platform…
More dragon and moon lore sounds like the best way to do a trilogy for these games. I was surprised to see the blood moon was still kickin so it’d be nice to get something more on it

And ever since BotW (actually maybe even Skyward Sword) I wanted Link to get more involved with dragons. He’s got a horse. Where’s his dragon?
    And totk sucked dry all of the map's potential, so we need a new one and Termina sounds perfect.
        Okay a Termina to totk but with a more twilight princess type aesthetic would be an absolute dream game. Maybe it could explore one of the heroes that came before the Hero of the Wild?
            I’d rather more a majoras mask aesthetic than a twilight princess. MM’s art direction was characterized by high saturation, heavy shadows, and dark outlines for effect, whereas TP’s desaturated pastel everything feels bland by comparison. 

MM’s art style lends itself to a type of surrealism, while TP’s leans more towards a kind of rustic-fantasy, which I don’t mean as a knock against it, but rather that I find playing a game set in a surreal world more interesting than one set in a rustic-fantasy.
                Honestly, that's completely valid. I think it comes down to a preference in art styles. I'm particularly fond of the tenebrism artist movement that has this sort of high contrast and almost luminescent effect. The way that the gold and blue lights stand out in the twilight-afflicted spaces are really enchanting to me.

I will say I love MM's concept art the most of any game, because you see the high contrast and heavy shadows really well on it. But I hesitate to say that the game itself properly encapsulates that style with the graphical limitations of its era. I think both TP and MM style games would highly benefit from a modern rendition where their art is taken into consideration. I say this because TP HD did a bit of a disservice by upscaling graphics that imo looked better when it had a more blurred nature to it.

 I love the art of Zelda games, and I'm really hoping that the next installment distances itself a bit from botw because ive just seen so much of it by now, even tho I like that too.
                    The concept art was awesome, and the actual game assets reflect the choices through the color gradients used for each areas palettes. When you compare them to OoT’s you can see that they have more vibrant color choices.

I never picked up TPHD, I still had my wii copy so I gave it a pass, but I’ve heard those complaints. I think TP’s overall style never really grabbed me. I felt like it was missing something the whole way through, and it felt like they were trying to appease that chunk of the fanbase that blew up when everyone saw WW.
                        The Deku Palace is one of my favorite places in the whole franchise (color, structure, music, it's all good) so I definitely see what you mean when discussing the colors. I guess I've never thought so much about the color palette for the different areas. When I think about MM's style, the main thing that sticks out to me is the use of patterns and geometric shapes. I thought that was fantastically done. The intricate patterns of the clock tower is imprinted on my mind, and there's quite a few other areas where they're used in really cool ways.

In the end, i still prefer TP – probably has something to do with my love of inkwash art, as well (monotone colors and limited palette my beloved).
        I mean...

They can widen the map if they really want to push it.
I like it! Last battle is Fierce Deity Link vs Dark Dragon Ganondorf, ends with him being sealed into Majora’s Mask.

And maybe time works differently in Termina, so that someone from Hyrule’s distant past could maybe arrive in Termina’s future…

(This means that Majora’s Mask just got retroactively Hijacked By Ganon, of course)
This is excellent idea
i dont think the manga are canon
TotK made a fortune
    AoC would make it a trilogy.

Besides, it made a fortune because it's a good Zelda game on super popular hardware. If they want that continued success, then they'll just keep delivering high quality games. It doesn't have to be directly connected to totk, though it could definitely reference it.
        AOC doesn’t count and you know it
            Agree to disagree there. It might be non-canon but it's still fun to slice through hoards of monsters and Yiga
            It's the same world and characters. It gave us more content when we didn't think we were getting more. It counts in the sense that we explored these games so thoroughly I love that we did but I am tired now. I need new for the Zelda games. It's been ten years.
Phantom hourglass
    Bellum?
        Bellumbeck yeah
            Man I played pH on my Wii u and in that fight you have to rapidly swipe the stylus left and right until Bellumbeck gets slightly knocked aback but I thought that meant I wasn't doing it fast enough so I did it so fast it sharpened my stylus and scratched the screen.
So I don't think I want to see that fight again personally
                Honestly sounds like a hardware issue, never had that problem doing the fight on my DSI back in the day.
                    No it was my fault like my wrist was in actual pain at how fast I was moving the stylus (in actuality I only had to move it about 1/8th the speed)
    I loved that game
    Wasnt able to finish that cause i wasnt a fan of the whole concept of the game
This is an incredible idea. Personally I feel like not much can too TOTK and BOTW, so closing off the series and looping back to remake the original games would be awesome. Plus, I feel like a lot of things are leading up to the return of Demise.
    I don't want to see a heroic Ganondorf, but I would love to see him break Demise's curse.

"You do not control me. Hyrule is MINE to conquer."
        I think he already did...

Or let me rephrase: ZELDA already did. Demise is called the Demon King, and is called the creator of Monsters. In Tears of the Kingdom, we see Ganondirf take on the mantle of Demon King and create the Monsters, as well as looking VERY similar to Demise when he does.In TotK Zelda expresses that before her arrival, that Rauru and the sages were probably destined to be defeated by Ganondorf. in that situation, Ganondorf would run rampant across Hyrule. I could then see the surviving Hylians using Zonai technology to flee to the sky. Ganondorf would continue to grow in power, eventually taking on the name Demise, until Hylia herself is forced to intervene and seal him. And do the original Zelda timeline continues.

However, because of Zelda's interference, Ganondorf did not win but instead was sealed, even if it was at great cost. he would never rise to become Demise, and so the curse of reincarnation never occurs, and the Zelda timeline is forever altered. branching paths collapse, heros' paths change, disparate events somehow coexist. And instead of a reincarnating hero, hylia, and demise, we have a prophecy of the calamity's inevitable return, likely from Zelda herself thanks to her warnings in the past, and heros that may not have any connection to each other, fighting villains that may or may not be the same ones they fought originally.

TL;DR, Zelda caused a Flashpoint paradox.
            This is the best crackpot Zelda theory I've seen.
                If you think about it, if Ganondorf is actually an earlier form of demise, it would explain why Demise reincarnated into Ganondorf. Zelda reincarnated to Zelda, Link reincarnated to Link, and Demise reincarnated to.... Ganondorf? unless Ganondorf was actually demise's original form.
            Good idea, but the prologue to Skyward Sword has Demise originally emerging from a fissure in the earth. Which would tell me that he’s connected to the Depths somehow.
                from what I've seen of nintendo's approach to storytelling that could probably be easily retconned at this point.
        I’m not saying a good Ganondorf, more like Demise somehow steps out of wherever he went to when he died and takes control, maybe causing Ganondorf to become jealous of Demise’s power and ultimately overthrow him, breaking the curse and becoming a modern god.
Now that I think about it the Triforce of Courage could theoretically be what brings Link back to life when he fails/dies (not like a fairy, I mean the whole "continue from last save" thing). Yes it's a classic video game element but it could have an in-game explanation, and this also fits a bit with the whole "courage" name.

It doesn't explain why he always has that "power" even when he doesn't have the triforce of courage but idk it's still an interesting thought.
    I want to say there was an old Game Theory about that exact idea. While it makes some sense, I don't know if I expect the developers to make that connection. Then again, I don't have a counter argument or a better suggestion, so maybe it is a thing.
    Hylia is shown to be a goddess associated with time and, once the triforce split in Ocarina of Time, the parts were forever bound to their bearers across all time. Hence why Link in Skyward Sword had the Triforce of Courage, even though it was before the hylians had even resettled the ground. Why Ganondorf had the Triforce of Power, Link had the Triforce of Courage, and Zelda had the Triforce of Wisdom in Twilight Princess, even though in that timeline Ganondorf had failed to infiltrate the Golden Realm and split the triforce in the first place.

What I find interesting is the fact that we've not seen the triforce at all in BotW or TotK, and based on the new lore I'm inclined to think the triforce as we've always understood it, aphysical artifact, may no longer exist. The  so called creation gods of Din, Farore and Nayru, the ones credited with the creation of hyrule and the Triforce,  are heavily implied o have not been gods at all but rather uniquely powerful mortals  possessing sage stones in service to the high King of hyrule. a high King who's coat of arms IS the 3 triangles.  And when you have 3 powerful warriors who weild lightning, ice and fire, bearing the coat of arms, it's feasible that could develop into a mythology about 3 creator gods who shaped hyrule, then created an artifact that can make any wish come true. because really, if you had the combined power of Fire, Ice, and Lightning, and just a little bit of imagination, couldn't you make any wish come true?

Just like how I suspect Hylia in this new timeline may not actually be a goddess, but rather mythology born of Zelda traveling back in time, exhibiting incredible time powers, bearing prophecy of the future, then transforming into an immortal dragon of light. when TorK establishes that the Zonai were viewed by ancient Hylians as gods, because of them coming from the sky and their incredible technology, It seems within the realm of possibility that the so called gods of Hyrule are spawned not from actual divinity, but hylians trying to explain things beyond their understanding.
Am I wrong for immediately thinking of Fierce Deity Link? (I haven’t played MM myself all the way through so I’m not entirely sure if it’s possible) but I feel like I’m ready for him to come back, especially if they’re gonna take your idea
    So the Fierce Deity transformation was originally a mask, similar to the Goron, Zora, and Deku of that game. That said, I could see that being a cool power of Courage. Not a 1-to-1 rip of the Deity, but give Link a transformation that just brings out the best of his abilities.
        Before these more recent games I suspected Link's origins were far more illustrious than we were lead to believe. Zelda is the reincarnation of the goddess Hylia. Ganondorf is the reincarnation of Demon King Demise. but what is Link? Just some guy? Sure he's the goddesses chosen, but why is he chosen? Unless Link too is a reincarnation, of the Feirce Deity. A God of battle. Would be an ideal warrior to be chosen by the goddess, and would explain how in the vast majority of games Link has little to no formal weapons training or experience, and yet akways comes out on top against foes bigger, stronger, and more experienced than he is. He possesses a natural skill, an adeptness for combat that is born from being the reincarnation of what is essentially Hyrule's God of War.
            I think you're partially right, but not about Deity himself. It's a cool head-canon, but Deity was part of the lore of the (almost certainly) alternate dimension that Termina lies in. As far as I know, Link's origins go back to the chosen champion that helped Hylia seal Demise before the events of Skyward Sword. So Zelda is the "blood of the goddess," descendants of Zelda. Demise's curse ensured that someone (namely Ganondorf, but possibly other villains as well) would effectively inherit his hatred, arguably possessing them, but only his hatred. Link is the reincarnation of the "spirit of the hero," passing on his soul to each incarnation (which is why he's presumably always proficient with the weapons and tools, because previous versions of him already used them). The exception to that last one is the Wind Waker line, technically Toon Link is not a reincarnation of the hero, he's a whole new hero, because in his timeline the Adult Link from Ocarina of Time went back to the past to become a kid again, creating a timeline without a hero.

Edit: To your credit, I'm pretty sure the model for Deity is just a retextured model of Adult Link, so it could be said that Deity may have been an incarnation of Link from another world, kind of like Ravio (or whatever his name was) from Link Between Worlds. That said, the similarities can be explained in-world by saying that each time Link used one of the transformation masks, he was effectively infusing part of their souls into his own, which is why his transformations didn't look exactly like the souls he got them from, so the real Deity wouldn't have looked as much like Link as the one we saw.
                I did not bring up feirce Deity's likeness to adult link for that reason, as all of his transformation masks take on Link's features in one way or another.

I'll also mention that I did state it was a theory I used to have. because of Tears of the Kingdom I don't give it much credit anymore, since I now am of the belief that the gods of Hyrule's pantheon do not actually exist, if they ever existed in the first place. In fact I question now if the Triforce as a physical artifact capable of granting wishes is real anymore. I'm more inclined to believe that the mythology of Din, Nayru, and Farore as creator gods who made Hyrule then the Triforce as they returned to the sky is just an explanation they made to tell the story of three powerful warriors who helped to shape Hyrule in its founding using the powers of fire, ice, and lightning, wearing the crest of the Royal Family, (three triangles, aka Triforce) who then became the immortal dragons Faarosh, Naydra, and Dinraal and now fly the skies forever. The idea that the triforce is a physical thing that can grant any desire is just a myth stemming from how three warriors, wearing this three triangled emblem, wielded incredible power such that they could effectively realize anything they wanted to achieve. when the symbol is just the family crest of the royal family, and the warriors were not goddesses but mortals with natural talent boosted by zonai sage stones.

In fact a lot of the supernatural elements from past games can now be explained away. Lowrule being a desolate copy of Hyrule, the and the Realm of Twilight being a place where evil wizards were banished, could both just be the Depths. The depths is also a mirror of Hyrule, and the armor unique to the depths bears a striking resemblance to the attire of the Twilik. It's also where you find Zant's Helm and Midna's Mask.  As fir the golden realm or the realm of the gods, We've seen in Tears of the Kingdom that the sky turns gold when the Light dragon flies incredibly far up when retrieving the Master Sword. And if "returning to the realm of the gods" is actually just the dragon's taking to the sky, then the realm of the gods is probably just the golden sky area very far up.

And you may be saying " but we've seen the Triforce be a real object. Lowrule and the Realm of Twilight looked nothing like that." It should be noted that there is absolutely ZERO mention of the triforce in both BotW and TotK, and that Zelda went way, way, WAY back in time to before even Skyward Sword, and then changed events in a significant, meaningful way.

In other words, Nintendo had Zelda pull a Flashpoint paradox and basically retconned the entire Zelda timeline up to this point. While aspects of this world's history may resemble things we are familiar with, the fact that both the Rito and Zora exist at the same time, the fact that Breath of the Wild mentioned locations and events that to our knowledge did not exist in the same branch of the timeline,that heroes from multiple different timelines now canonically exist simultaneously in Hyrule's history, Nearly everything we thought we knew is out the window.
                    Credit for an interesting theory, but again not one I can get behind. There's a lot of debate as to when Zelda actually time traveled to, and while the jury is definitely still out, it could be as early as before/after Skyward Sword, but also as late as the ambiguous period before Breath of the Wild. A lot of people have subscribed to the theory that the three timelines somehow merged, and that the flashbacks from TotK take place after the merger but before the original Calamity. Personally, the only evidence of the timelines merging is that Breath of the Wild makes deliberate references to all of them, but that's circular logic (in other words if the only evidence of a merger is that BotW exists, that assumes that BotW HAS to fit in the timeline, and I don't know if that's true anymore).

As for the alternative worlds being the Depths, I don't think that one works. Lorule had sunlight and residents who were variants of the normal overworld, and they needed access to the Triforce to fix their world, which happens in the game, and we also saw that Link doesn't go "down" to get there, he had to slip into cracks that ran parallel to Hyrule. Likewise, the Twilight Realm has incredibly unique features compared to the Depths, especially considering the people, the architecture, the lighting, the portals, etc. But then there's also the existence of the Dark World in A Link to the Past, which again was a full blown over world with sunlight, inhabitants, and lore related to the Triforce. While the Depths mirror Hyrule from a topographical point (in that a mountain in Hyrule becomes a crater in the Depths), that's the only way that is a reflection. These other examples are either completely separate dimensions like the Twilight Realm or they are copies of Hyrule, not even reflections or mirrors, but just different, like Lorule and the Dark World, where a mountain in Hyrule is just a different mountain in those worlds.

I don't think Zelda pulled off a full Flashpoint Paradox (outstanding reference though), because in that scenario only Barry travels through time, so only he knows what has changed, and the changes are presented as entirely different timelines. In TotK, Zelda goes back in time, but she stays there and comes back the long way, seemingly to the same timeline. Notice that when Link wakes up in the sky, he is in the present, and then he uses Zelda's power to warp the corroded Master Sword back to her in the past. Then it is later revealed that the Sword and Light Dragon are both currently in the sky and presumably always have been. For a time, there were two Swords in one world. Not to mention that everyone still remembers the Calamity and the events of BotW (most noticable among the Zora and the Gerudo). So basically, Zelda's time traveling was more of a predestined event. She didn't create alternate timelines like the Flash did because she effectively came from a timeline where the events of her eventual travels were already part of the world she lives in. She HAD to go back in order for the events to unfold as they were supposed to. Arguably the best evidence of that is the fact that we see the sealed Ganondorf before she time travels, and then her time traveling didn't actually change anything we knew about that time, Ganondorf still gets sealed and released, the sages are all just ancestors of the champions (or at least the second string champions, since I can't actually confirm if Rivali and Teba/Tulin are related), and no significant changes were noticed otherwise.

The real mind-f*ck comes when you start asking questions about the Shiekah towers (and to a lesser degree the divine beasts, guardians, and shrines). We see one guardian on top of the Hateno research lab, so we know they still existed in this timeline, and most people assume that the shrines, guardians, towers, and divine beasts were either scrapped entirely or cannibalized to create the new lookout towers, and there's some evidence for that, but the trickiest part is the revisiting the sites where the Shiekah towers were in BotW. Several of those towers left scars, like bursting up through solid stone mountains, and yet those same solid stone mountains seem untouched in TotK. One even has a giant skull where the tower should be, and inside is a hole that shows the spine of that giant, implying that the giant was basically buried standing up in that location, which would not make sense of a tower had sprang up through that location. There's a good video about it on YouTube, made by someone called Gossip Geist about 3 weeks ago, title something like "What Happened To Hyrule," thumbnail was just the back of Link and Zelda's heads staring out at Hyrule. Highly recommend it, one of the only Zelda theory videos I've seen lately that didn't actually aggravate the hell out of me.
                        the thing about time travel in Tears of the Kingdom is, according to the game the sky islands appeared suddenly, as did the light dragon, after the upheaval. the upheaval was that moment Ganondorf awoke, and Zelda traveled back in time. So it seems that nintendo's approach is that the light dragon, the geoglyphs, and the sky islands, which were a direct result of Zelda's actions in the past, were paradoxically not present until after the moment she traveled back in time, with the citizens of Hyrule recognizing that this is a new development. Yet the Zonai Research Team's archeological discoveries would suggest that these things that no one had seen before and had no memory of prior to Zelda's disappearance, had somehow always been there. not how we would usually consider the effects of time travel, but that seems to be nintendo's approach. Not a fan of the approach personally, but it's Nintendo's game and they'll do what they want.
 That said, just because the direct results of Zelda's actions just suddenly came into being (the sky islands were a plan she made with Mineru using Zonai Technology, so I would argue they are still a direct result of her actions) it  could still mean the downstream effects of zelda's actions aka the timeline altering/merging, could happen the way we usually perceive time travel in media: being something perceived as having always been that way. 

 I will concede WHEN Zelda landed could conceivably be after the Calamity depicted on the Sheikah tablet -mainly because the opposing arm on the aspect of the ancient hero perfectly matches Rauru's arm, to suggest that the ancient hero is a young Rauru. It would actually explain how Rauru and Sonia bonded, coming together to defeat a primordial evil, and why the people of Hyrule would support his kingship: after all he just saved them all. But there is still VERY strong evidence to support that Zelda's memories take place before Skyward Sword. Firstly is the fact that Rauru's title is The High King, the FIRST king, the FOUNDER of Hyrule. This means these events have to take place before any game where the Kingdom of Hyrule was already established. And I would argue that even in Skward Sword, the Kingdom already existed. but it was a Kingdom in ruin that had been ravaged by Demise, with the surviving Hylians fleeing to the sky, where they remained so long they forgot why they were even there in the first place.

But Demise is itself proof that Zelda's memories have to take place prior. Demise is known as the Demon King, the creator of Monsters. In Zelda's memories, we see Ganondorf assume the title of Demon King, and create the monsters- A feat attributed to Demise.When he corrupts Sonia's Sage Stone and ascends to become the Demon King, Ganondorf's appearance also changes, and he bears very strong resemblance to Demise. So it seems clear to me that this Ganondorf is the origin of Demise, rather than a reincarnation of Demise. Because if Ganondorf was a reincarnation, he would not need to create the Monsters as Demise would have already done so. 

In one of Zelda's memories, she surmises that based on her knowledge of Hylian History, Rauru and the Sages are doomed to fail in their confrontation with Ganondorf, and the game gives us no reason to believe she is wrong in this conclusion. In such a timeline that those events played out as Zelda believed they would, a Ganondorf with no one to oppose him would feasibly run roughshod over the helpless Kingdom of Hyrule, continuing to grow in power as he went. Perhaps taking on a new appearance as his power grows, and a new name- Demise. At that point a band of surviving Hylians could feasibly use the Zonai Tech of their now dead king to raise the land into the sky to flee. Ganondorf/Demise would continue to dominate the land, until Hylia herself intervenes and seals him. And so the original Zelda Timeline would persist.

But that's not what happens. Rauru pointed out to Zelda that things may not play out to her expectations, because they did not have Zelda before. Because of Zelda assisting the sages, as well as her warnings about the future, Ganondorf was sealed by the sages, even if it was at great cost. So now this event that's foundational to the Zelda timeline as we knew it plays out VERY differently. That is why I argue the Depths could be Lowrule/twilight Realm in this version of the timeline. Because thanks to Zelda's interference in history, everything is different and our knowledge of past events can no longer be trusted.

Side note, since Zelda warned of Ganondorf's return and was putting plans in motion to prepare for it, it's possible this could be the prophecy of the return of the Calamity mentioned in Breath of the Wild.


But also, part of the reason I believe in this theory so strongly is because of an interview I read some years back with Shigeru Miyamoto, well before Breath of the Wild was even announced. In this interview he said their initial concept for The Legend of Zelda 2 was that Link would go into a stasis or coma, and would reawaken far, far into the future, where thered be laser guns and beam swords and robots and aliens. But they felt the technology in gaming was not yet where they could tell that story in a way that they would be satisfied with it. Every game since the original legend of Zelda has basically just been plan B, because Plan A they felt they couldn't make yet.  What he described is almost a 1 for 1 of Breath of the Wild. So if Breath of the Wild is the true Zelda sequel they always wanted to make, and everything since the original Legend of Zelda was just a compromise, I wouldn't be surprised if Zelda pulling a Flashpoint in Tears of the Kingdom is Nintendo's way of performing a soft reboot of the franchise, decanonizing every game that came before so they can move forward with the story they want to tell unshackled from old lore. 

I'm going to try to see if I can find a link to the interview, so you know I'm not just talking out of my ass on this one....

So I can't finda specific interview, and my details seemed to have been a bit off, but there's a lot of concept art and conversation that the first legend of Zelda seemingly was planned to have an alternate, Sci fi map, with Link moving between the two via time travel. this concept was revisited in Link to the past during development where link would collect microchips instead of Triforce pieces. The name Link was meant to be a reference to the link between the past and future.  If you think about it, this concept of link visiting multiple worlds/time periods seems to be a recurring element of Zelda stories. actual time travel in OoT, oracle of ages, Breath of the Wild, Skyward Sword, alternate worlds in LttP, Majora's Mask, Link Between Worlds, Twilight Princess, arguably TotK as well when looking at the Sky Islands and the Depths.

I can't reliably support my claim that BotW was the Zelda game they "always wanted to make" though, so I withdraw it. I believe even without meta analysis the theory has legs, though.
                            I'll grant that overall the theory isn't bad at all. I just think that at the moment is has way too many assumptions. Don't get me wrong, assumptions are a great starting point for any theory, but after that you have to be able to find the supporting evidence, and the Zelda timeline has way too many blank spaces for theory crafting, making it really hard to backup any theory that strays too far from the path.

Honestly, I believe you about BotW being the game they wanted to make in the beginning, or at least something close to it. I feel like I recall something to that effect in my own readings over the years. And I even have a similar theory about the idea of these two games being a soft reboot of sorts, but my theory steps out of the games a bit. Basically, I think the developers want to get away from the timeline aspect altogether, and so they're throwing as much confusing references as possible into one or two games and then refusing to comment on it, likely as a way of saying "Stop worrying about the timeline and just enjoy the games." In that regard, alternate timelines or not, I think BotW was designed not to fit into the timeline on purpose.

I still can't fully endorse a few things, like the Depths being the new version of the previously established alternate worlds. I don't see how it makes sense that in previous games these worlds were separated by magic portals with each having unique biomes, lighting and inhabitants, and now it's just "dig a hole." I'll grant that the idea for the Depths was probably inspired by all of the games that have Hyrule parallels, but I don't think the Depths were meant to take their place, more like joining their ranks. Likewise, I also initially questioned if Ganondorf could be the origin of Demise, and that the game might take place before Skyward Sword, but a lot of people have pointed out that apparently the actual naming of the Kingdom/land of Hyrule didn't take place until after Skyward Sword, and since Demise was also sealed below ground by Hylia it would make things messy if we try to make sense of the TotK Ganondorf being Demise. Originally when I assumed the flashbacks took place just AFTER Skyward Sword, I imagined that the reason Ganondorf looked so much like Demise was because it was a recent thing, the power of the curse, of the hatred of Demise, was so pure and fresh, and with the power of the stone amping that up, he basically was the second coming of Demise. Even still, there's just as much if not more evidence of the Flashbacks taking place in the far flung future prior to the initial calamity. There's just too many inconsistencies and unknowns for us to commit to any theory really. If for no other reason than the time gaps. All of real world human civilization has taken place in a gap of about 7,000 years (Mesopotamians and Sumerians, not talking about Homo Sapiens, etc). If all of human history fits within 7,000 years, how are we supposed to theorize about a timeline with at least one 10,000 year gap at the end, let alone dozens of gaps of unknown size in between? One of the things people point to when they say that TotK takes place before BotW is that the geography in the flashbacks clearly shows certain areas that are identical to BotW, while other games are drastically different. Personally, I don't consider Hyrule's geography as evidence, because if it were, the amount of time between games would have to be millions of years to account for the level of geographic shift that we see, and I do not want to go there. (I suppose the other evidence of this placement was the existence of the Molduga, saying that as often as we see deserts in Zelda we have never seen Molduga until BotW and TotK, but if Demise and Ganondorf can summon monsters, I can't personally consider the monsters as evidence, they're just extensions of the will of whoever summoned them.)

I also don't explicitly recall Zelda making plans with Mineru about creating the sky islands. My understanding of them in the game was that they "suddenly appeared" in the way that optical illusions might suddenly appeared when staring at something. Like, perhaps they were somehow cloaked in the sky, and the upheaval revealed them. However the only evidence of that is that even BotW had Zonai ruins on the south (which arguably make less sense after TotK), so it's not like the Zonai were a new thing to the people of Hyrule, they just didn't know the islands were up there. It also just occurred to me that further evidence of the Sky Islands always having been there but only just now being noticed is that we KNOW the upheaval did something to the Sky Islands, because they were literally falling out of the sky in some areas. Kakariko with the big rings was the most noticable, but also just the little random chunks that were falling all over the place. Something about the upheaval was bringing the Sky Islands down. Maybe they used to be higher? Like if they were all up around the layer where gravity gets weaker? If you try to look up into the sky in the game to see the islands that are that high up you still can't see them, and you're actively looking as opposed to citizens who are trying to rebuild their kingdom after a century of destruction. Either way, it's impossible to prove that the Sky Islands weren't always there.

I don't know, like I said it's all merky right now. Too much we don't know, too much of what we know contradicting itself, causing too many assumptions to try and fix it.
                                I will admit time gaps and the lack of concrete evidence makes it more of "which is more plausible". I still hold that  the past HAS to be before Skyward Sword and that Ganondorf is the precursor to Demise, because we see Ganondorf create the monsters. In any scenario where  Ganondorf comes after Demise, the monsters already exist because Demise made them. 

The one thing I will push back on is the concept that TotK occurs before BotW, because we do have ample, HARD evidence to the contrary. your horses from Breath persist across save files, and if you completed the DLC  the portrait Link hangs up in the house is still there in TotK. Tulin, Riju, Yunobo and Sidon all are older in TotK, and all of them remember Link, whereas in BotW the only one who was old enough to have any memory of Link was Sidon. It's stated that the statue of Mipha was moved from Zora's Domain to Mipha's landing in TotK, and a new statue memorializing Sidon and Link saving Zora's Domain was constructed, which is an event from BotW. Impa has stepped down from leadership at Kakariko, and Payah is now in charge. The Zora King stepped down, and Sidon is now Zora King. All of the old champions are dead in TotK, whereas Link's memories show them alive before BotW. Tarry Town exists already in TotK with Hudson having a wife and Child, whereas you help him build Terry Town and see him get married in BotW. These events would make zero sense if they occurred in reverse, and honestly i could probably name a dozen more.  But the most damning evidence is the school in Hateno Village. Zelda built the school, and it's a structure that did not exist in BotW. Plus the teacher's history lesson is basically a summary of the events of BotW.  The lack of a geographic mark for the sheikah technology as evidence of TotK being a prequel is nothing compared to the proof TotK is a sequel. Besides, it would make just as little sense if TotK was a prequel and all the ancient sheikah towers and shrines just suddenly appeared from literally nowhere.
                                As for Zelda conspiring with Mineru to make the sky islands, I believe they discuss it in one of her later memories. but also, Zelda's handmaiden discusses it at length in her memoirs that you have translated from the sky islands for that one Zonai researcher in Kakariko.
                        As for the geological impact of the towers from Breath of the Wild seemingly disappearing as if they never happened, I have no explanation for that, at least not one that could be explsined by the story. In my search to find supporting evidence for my meta claim though, I did find the transcript of an interview given to a Japanese magazine where it was stated they prioritize gameplay over continuity, that they don't mind if the details of the stories and their continuity don't line up perfectly, so long as the gameplay is good and the continuity breaks aren't so severe as to be jarring. They'd probably write off the unexplained complete and total erasure that sheikah Tech even existed as an unimportant detail.
                            This I have heard and agree with. I think it supports my "F the timeline" theory.
Unfortunately for the fans of the old games, BoTW and ToTK are the best selling Zelda's by some way. I can't see Nintendo moving away from the new formula anytime soon.
A villain with the Ocarina of Time is an incredible idea. Heck, a villain with any of Link's old trinkets would be amazing.
Pardon my ignorance but what exactly was the 3rd game? If you’re talking about Hyrule Warriors then maybe, but it doesn’t advance the storyline or have nearly the substance of BotW/TotK. I’d equate that more to a spin-off/side story than a game being part of a trilogy.
    Either way it's so much more than any other Zelda game has ever gotten. OoT got a single hastily made but beloved sequel, and that was the most acclaimed game of its time. We can leave that part of the timeline alone now. Like I love the world of botw, but I desperately want a new Hero and place in time for the next game. That's all I ask.
        I totally agree I’m good with moving on from the current storyline, my disagreement was purely about there being a proper trilogy for it. New storyline and location please!
    Skyward Sword -> Breath of the Wild -> Tears of the Kingdom

These 3 pretty neatly wrap up the Hylia Saga, and are all intrinsically linked closer than any other 3 games in the series have ever been, even with storyline foils of each other between SS and TotK
        I always thought of skyward sword as just being the beginning of the whole “eternal rebirth of good and evil” aspect, but I can definitely see the tie-in, thanks!
            It's fun to think of it as the necessary prequel style lore for BotW and TotK, and possibly that Skyward Swords lore may only exist in this new Hyrule that we currently live in.
Didn't we have a Majora on a goron fight in totk?
    And it was one of the best parts of the game!!
Plus there was concept art about aliens coming to Hyrule for Breath of the Wild
Oh shit, that's a good point! Honestly, while I kinda don't want there to be a sequel to ToTK, if it had Demise return due to the seal containing him in the Master Sword weakening when it was shattered, I would be up for that
The oracle games were only a duo and not a trilogy for technical reason.  Remember that
I don’t see how a sequel to Majora’s Mask could be made though? Since link pretty handily removed the evil hexing power the mask had been cursed with. I don’t think Majora was ever intended to be a recurring villain
    Consideration to new hexing for a similar mask due to someone with malice reading hyrule/termina history?

Edit: even 2 masks made in history?
        Yeah but then it’s just a retread if Majora’s Mask, which at that point I’d love a total remake/redesign of Majora’s Mask in a similar vein to what Final Fantasy VII got
Vaati was killed for good at the end of Four Swords Adventure unfortunately, if we ever see him again it will be a game that takes place solidly before that one.
    True, but magic can do a lot is LOZ. I think there should at least be a reference to him somewhere, because the minish were going to be in Botw early on. It would have been so cool to find old wind temple ruins or a weapon like the four sword. I think it would be cool if the four sword acted like the Sheikah powers that Impa uses to duplicate herself in AoC. I miss my dramatic little minish man :'(
        I do agree on that, I love the games that feature the four sword, and I’d love to get another 2D game with it, especially if it had some of the mechanics of Four Swords adventure with a more traditional 2D world
I love the games dont get me wrong..but i hope not. I have a combined 400 hrs+ in that era of hyrule and i dont feel a need for a third game set there
    Yeah same, maybe if they gave us an entirely new map and tone then I'd be for it. Maybe they need to 'chase' the next main villain to an outside land. But I'm also looking for a complete art style change. Maybe something akin to twilight princess with a realistic look.

The cell shade looks is great but after staring at it for close to 300 hours I'd like a change.
        Agreed. Im ready for a darker creepier zelda. Something more along the lines of Majoras mask type creepy
I wanna fight him on his Demon Horse
I think it is considered non-canon
The return of Yuganon?
A second Demon King
This is so preposterous it may very well be genius
Each dungeon would contain a peice of triforce that the 7 villains created when they kidnapped the 7 maidens from different towns...and when you think your at the end of the game, you fight Aganhim who summons Demise when he's killed. He does some magic crud and turns Hyrule into the dark world and you play thru the whole map again now hunting down demise, and when you find him, he manifests into dark link. To beat him, you will have to do every dungeon again to collect more triforce pieces to have 2 (wisdom and courage) to even stand a chance against DarkLink, and when beaten gives the Triforce of Power, which creates the full trinity, and Link uses to revert the change and bring back the Hyrule we love.
And in this same vein, we now know that Dinraal, Farrosh, and Naydra had to have been mortals with sage stones once upon a time. their transformation msy in fact be why Mineru knows that consuming a sage stone transforms one into an immortal dragon. And Din, Nayru and Farore were goddesses attributed with the creation of Hyrule. A game set in the ancient past showing Hyrule's founding, could depict these characters assisting young rauru through their sage powers in founding hyrule, before defeating the ancient calamity required them to become dragons.
    Alternatively, but far less exciting, it could be argued that Hyrule Warriors Age of Calamity is actually chronologically the first game in the trilogy, with Tears of the Kingdom being the last.
It should just be its own tangential genre. The traditional formula shouldnt be tossed aside considering its nostalgic success. I dont really see BoTW/ToTK in this grouping of Zelda.

A well written story on top of traditional format has always gone a long way. I have yet to try ToTK, but BoTW had an extremely forgettable story. Its strength was shined primarily by its gameplay alone. If there’s one major thing I would change in those games apart from the story is the ridding entirely of the voice actors (where most to all Zelda games prior supported textual story telling).
    Bro TOTK story is much better.  I know what you mean about BOTW but TOTK is having none of that.  If you like anime especially I think TOTK will fit you.
        It makes me curious. I own a copy, but havent gotten to it. I tried some of my friend’s save. I saw bits of the cutscenes with the Goron main character and honestly, the voice acting was as abysmal as I remember - especially in English. In Japanese, it felt more fitting. He switched over to that when I suggested it. But prefer it removed altogether.

If the story got much better, I’d be a fair bit happier. 

Still advocate the series shouldnt make this a completely new “norm.” No issue with it being something tangential to other continued games. Just hope they keep outputting the other formats.
            The story in BOTW is fairly vanilla, but the story in TOTK is leaps and bounds more entertaining. I dare say it is even unpredictable at times. (Honestly the opening sequence alone is better than BOTW's entire story imo)
                The opening scene threw me for a loop

When >! Ganondorf mentioned Rauru !< that threw me for a fucking loop
                    Ikr? My reaction: oh neat L and Z are gonna get into hijinks, maybe run into a monster or somethi-JESUS FUCKING CHRIST WHAT THE FUCK WHEN DID I PUT RE9 ON???
                        Lmao you wish this was as scary as a hypothetical RE9.
    I don’t get how BOTW has any forgettable part of its story. The concept of link fighting a war 100 years ago and Ganon being sealed by Zelda is just as memorable of any to me…
        For me it's pretty forgettable due to the fact that almost nothing that happens in the "story" of BotW happens to the player, and is mostly just NPCs telling you how about things that you did 100 years ago with cutscenes because Link The Character has amnesia. This wouldn't be such a bad combination if there was some actually cool things or secrets or ANY twist at all (TotK is better about this) to the things that 100 years ago Link did, but it's all basic generic Good Guy stuff, with nothing even explaining how or why you as Link The Character are such a badass. They just show you having the sword, fighting some basic enemies, and then a 1 v 100 where you SOMEHOW (not showing it at all is an example of lazy writing/ lazy cutscenes) defeat them all, but then die at the end, somehow without explanation. The gameplay in these new titles is fire, but you're smelling a different candle if you think it compares to games where the story in question actually happens to You, Link the Player Character during the actual timeframe of the game.

TL:DR Older Zelda feels like a perilous quest where a Hero needs to rise up to undertake the challenge. New Zelda feels like a Quest needed to rise up so that our Awesome Hero could be the one to solve it.
            You also hit a valid point for comparison. 

A lot of Zelda titles touch upon the development of Link throughout. I think that gave a huge amount of charm that I couldnt really articulate into words. Watching that growth over time in the character is always super satisfying.
                Link's begrudging friendship with Midna, for example
        I mean it’s just an opinion and unfortunate to those who dont agree, my friends were agreeable to it. 

When compared to its storytelling found in OoT, Majora’s Mask, Link’s Awakening, TP (which sortve ports off of OoT), Minish Cap, Wind Waker…..just other big classic titles, I dont think it holds up to its weight. 

Conceptually the premise is cool, but I think all of the games I shared were ones that really often tied the story to the player through guided connections on progression. It’s a formula present in Zelda throughout. 

I think it’s why I consider BoTW in its own genre. The gameplay of it is stellar and very different in scale to what others offer. But you can theoretically skip the story entirely and go straight to the castle to fight Ganon if you want to. It’s freeing. There’s no true guided order - calling to its nomadic experience. It’s pieces.

I think thats why for me and a few others, it is forgettable. Apart from armor sets, handicaps from divine beasts, and map building or gameplay experience….there really arent any necessary items needed to get through the game. In other classics, many items collected are referenced upon towards later levels which can lead to a reminder of where you got them.
    I would keep the voice acting, I think it’s a vast improvement over the old games, but make the voice acting better and the lip syncing better. My god is the lip syncing bad in botw and totk. Like make the voice acting like gowr or like insomniac level and it would be fine. Bad voice acting doesn’t mean we shouldn’t have voice acting at all imo
I want to see those rebuilt in the way Link’s Awakening was sooooo bad
    We can hope!
I need same enemies different whatever
Their is a trilogy! The first was botw, then skyward sword, then totk, as far as many have theorized
    How does Skyward Sword fit in?
        So this latest theory intrigues us — the idea that Skyward Sword, Breath of the Wild, and Tears of the Kingdom will form a triforce trilogy of games, with each one representing one of the three virtues of the triforce: Power, Wisdom, and Courage.

Source: https://www.nintendolife.com/news/2022/11/random-could-zelda-tears-of-the-kingdom-be-the-final-part-of-a-trilogy-of-zelda-games
            Ohhhhh yeah I think I heard of this
            I feel like age of calamity would fit better because of the red theming.
I wouldn't say the current Hyrule map was "just made". It's the same one from 2017. (Yea TotK added the Sky Islands and Depths) 

So yes, I think the next game should be a new Link, a different Hyrule, and a fresh story.
    Hey guys we found a satanist
Eluryh
And totk sucked dry all of the map's potential, so we need a new one and Termina sounds perfect.
    Okay a Termina to totk but with a more twilight princess type aesthetic would be an absolute dream game. Maybe it could explore one of the heroes that came before the Hero of the Wild?
        I’d rather more a majoras mask aesthetic than a twilight princess. MM’s art direction was characterized by high saturation, heavy shadows, and dark outlines for effect, whereas TP’s desaturated pastel everything feels bland by comparison. 

MM’s art style lends itself to a type of surrealism, while TP’s leans more towards a kind of rustic-fantasy, which I don’t mean as a knock against it, but rather that I find playing a game set in a surreal world more interesting than one set in a rustic-fantasy.
            Honestly, that's completely valid. I think it comes down to a preference in art styles. I'm particularly fond of the tenebrism artist movement that has this sort of high contrast and almost luminescent effect. The way that the gold and blue lights stand out in the twilight-afflicted spaces are really enchanting to me.

I will say I love MM's concept art the most of any game, because you see the high contrast and heavy shadows really well on it. But I hesitate to say that the game itself properly encapsulates that style with the graphical limitations of its era. I think both TP and MM style games would highly benefit from a modern rendition where their art is taken into consideration. I say this because TP HD did a bit of a disservice by upscaling graphics that imo looked better when it had a more blurred nature to it.

 I love the art of Zelda games, and I'm really hoping that the next installment distances itself a bit from botw because ive just seen so much of it by now, even tho I like that too.
                The concept art was awesome, and the actual game assets reflect the choices through the color gradients used for each areas palettes. When you compare them to OoT’s you can see that they have more vibrant color choices.

I never picked up TPHD, I still had my wii copy so I gave it a pass, but I’ve heard those complaints. I think TP’s overall style never really grabbed me. I felt like it was missing something the whole way through, and it felt like they were trying to appease that chunk of the fanbase that blew up when everyone saw WW.
                    The Deku Palace is one of my favorite places in the whole franchise (color, structure, music, it's all good) so I definitely see what you mean when discussing the colors. I guess I've never thought so much about the color palette for the different areas. When I think about MM's style, the main thing that sticks out to me is the use of patterns and geometric shapes. I thought that was fantastically done. The intricate patterns of the clock tower is imprinted on my mind, and there's quite a few other areas where they're used in really cool ways.

In the end, i still prefer TP – probably has something to do with my love of inkwash art, as well (monotone colors and limited palette my beloved).
    I mean...

They can widen the map if they really want to push it.
AoC would make it a trilogy.

Besides, it made a fortune because it's a good Zelda game on super popular hardware. If they want that continued success, then they'll just keep delivering high quality games. It doesn't have to be directly connected to totk, though it could definitely reference it.
    AOC doesn’t count and you know it
        Agree to disagree there. It might be non-canon but it's still fun to slice through hoards of monsters and Yiga
        It's the same world and characters. It gave us more content when we didn't think we were getting more. It counts in the sense that we explored these games so thoroughly I love that we did but I am tired now. I need new for the Zelda games. It's been ten years.
Bellum?
    Bellumbeck yeah
        Man I played pH on my Wii u and in that fight you have to rapidly swipe the stylus left and right until Bellumbeck gets slightly knocked aback but I thought that meant I wasn't doing it fast enough so I did it so fast it sharpened my stylus and scratched the screen.
So I don't think I want to see that fight again personally
            Honestly sounds like a hardware issue, never had that problem doing the fight on my DSI back in the day.
                No it was my fault like my wrist was in actual pain at how fast I was moving the stylus (in actuality I only had to move it about 1/8th the speed)
I loved that game
Wasnt able to finish that cause i wasnt a fan of the whole concept of the game
I don't want to see a heroic Ganondorf, but I would love to see him break Demise's curse.

"You do not control me. Hyrule is MINE to conquer."
    I think he already did...

Or let me rephrase: ZELDA already did. Demise is called the Demon King, and is called the creator of Monsters. In Tears of the Kingdom, we see Ganondirf take on the mantle of Demon King and create the Monsters, as well as looking VERY similar to Demise when he does.In TotK Zelda expresses that before her arrival, that Rauru and the sages were probably destined to be defeated by Ganondorf. in that situation, Ganondorf would run rampant across Hyrule. I could then see the surviving Hylians using Zonai technology to flee to the sky. Ganondorf would continue to grow in power, eventually taking on the name Demise, until Hylia herself is forced to intervene and seal him. And do the original Zelda timeline continues.

However, because of Zelda's interference, Ganondorf did not win but instead was sealed, even if it was at great cost. he would never rise to become Demise, and so the curse of reincarnation never occurs, and the Zelda timeline is forever altered. branching paths collapse, heros' paths change, disparate events somehow coexist. And instead of a reincarnating hero, hylia, and demise, we have a prophecy of the calamity's inevitable return, likely from Zelda herself thanks to her warnings in the past, and heros that may not have any connection to each other, fighting villains that may or may not be the same ones they fought originally.

TL;DR, Zelda caused a Flashpoint paradox.
        This is the best crackpot Zelda theory I've seen.
            If you think about it, if Ganondorf is actually an earlier form of demise, it would explain why Demise reincarnated into Ganondorf. Zelda reincarnated to Zelda, Link reincarnated to Link, and Demise reincarnated to.... Ganondorf? unless Ganondorf was actually demise's original form.
        Good idea, but the prologue to Skyward Sword has Demise originally emerging from a fissure in the earth. Which would tell me that he’s connected to the Depths somehow.
            from what I've seen of nintendo's approach to storytelling that could probably be easily retconned at this point.
    I’m not saying a good Ganondorf, more like Demise somehow steps out of wherever he went to when he died and takes control, maybe causing Ganondorf to become jealous of Demise’s power and ultimately overthrow him, breaking the curse and becoming a modern god.
I want to say there was an old Game Theory about that exact idea. While it makes some sense, I don't know if I expect the developers to make that connection. Then again, I don't have a counter argument or a better suggestion, so maybe it is a thing.
Hylia is shown to be a goddess associated with time and, once the triforce split in Ocarina of Time, the parts were forever bound to their bearers across all time. Hence why Link in Skyward Sword had the Triforce of Courage, even though it was before the hylians had even resettled the ground. Why Ganondorf had the Triforce of Power, Link had the Triforce of Courage, and Zelda had the Triforce of Wisdom in Twilight Princess, even though in that timeline Ganondorf had failed to infiltrate the Golden Realm and split the triforce in the first place.

What I find interesting is the fact that we've not seen the triforce at all in BotW or TotK, and based on the new lore I'm inclined to think the triforce as we've always understood it, aphysical artifact, may no longer exist. The  so called creation gods of Din, Farore and Nayru, the ones credited with the creation of hyrule and the Triforce,  are heavily implied o have not been gods at all but rather uniquely powerful mortals  possessing sage stones in service to the high King of hyrule. a high King who's coat of arms IS the 3 triangles.  And when you have 3 powerful warriors who weild lightning, ice and fire, bearing the coat of arms, it's feasible that could develop into a mythology about 3 creator gods who shaped hyrule, then created an artifact that can make any wish come true. because really, if you had the combined power of Fire, Ice, and Lightning, and just a little bit of imagination, couldn't you make any wish come true?

Just like how I suspect Hylia in this new timeline may not actually be a goddess, but rather mythology born of Zelda traveling back in time, exhibiting incredible time powers, bearing prophecy of the future, then transforming into an immortal dragon of light. when TorK establishes that the Zonai were viewed by ancient Hylians as gods, because of them coming from the sky and their incredible technology, It seems within the realm of possibility that the so called gods of Hyrule are spawned not from actual divinity, but hylians trying to explain things beyond their understanding.
So the Fierce Deity transformation was originally a mask, similar to the Goron, Zora, and Deku of that game. That said, I could see that being a cool power of Courage. Not a 1-to-1 rip of the Deity, but give Link a transformation that just brings out the best of his abilities.
    Before these more recent games I suspected Link's origins were far more illustrious than we were lead to believe. Zelda is the reincarnation of the goddess Hylia. Ganondorf is the reincarnation of Demon King Demise. but what is Link? Just some guy? Sure he's the goddesses chosen, but why is he chosen? Unless Link too is a reincarnation, of the Feirce Deity. A God of battle. Would be an ideal warrior to be chosen by the goddess, and would explain how in the vast majority of games Link has little to no formal weapons training or experience, and yet akways comes out on top against foes bigger, stronger, and more experienced than he is. He possesses a natural skill, an adeptness for combat that is born from being the reincarnation of what is essentially Hyrule's God of War.
        I think you're partially right, but not about Deity himself. It's a cool head-canon, but Deity was part of the lore of the (almost certainly) alternate dimension that Termina lies in. As far as I know, Link's origins go back to the chosen champion that helped Hylia seal Demise before the events of Skyward Sword. So Zelda is the "blood of the goddess," descendants of Zelda. Demise's curse ensured that someone (namely Ganondorf, but possibly other villains as well) would effectively inherit his hatred, arguably possessing them, but only his hatred. Link is the reincarnation of the "spirit of the hero," passing on his soul to each incarnation (which is why he's presumably always proficient with the weapons and tools, because previous versions of him already used them). The exception to that last one is the Wind Waker line, technically Toon Link is not a reincarnation of the hero, he's a whole new hero, because in his timeline the Adult Link from Ocarina of Time went back to the past to become a kid again, creating a timeline without a hero.

Edit: To your credit, I'm pretty sure the model for Deity is just a retextured model of Adult Link, so it could be said that Deity may have been an incarnation of Link from another world, kind of like Ravio (or whatever his name was) from Link Between Worlds. That said, the similarities can be explained in-world by saying that each time Link used one of the transformation masks, he was effectively infusing part of their souls into his own, which is why his transformations didn't look exactly like the souls he got them from, so the real Deity wouldn't have looked as much like Link as the one we saw.
            I did not bring up feirce Deity's likeness to adult link for that reason, as all of his transformation masks take on Link's features in one way or another.

I'll also mention that I did state it was a theory I used to have. because of Tears of the Kingdom I don't give it much credit anymore, since I now am of the belief that the gods of Hyrule's pantheon do not actually exist, if they ever existed in the first place. In fact I question now if the Triforce as a physical artifact capable of granting wishes is real anymore. I'm more inclined to believe that the mythology of Din, Nayru, and Farore as creator gods who made Hyrule then the Triforce as they returned to the sky is just an explanation they made to tell the story of three powerful warriors who helped to shape Hyrule in its founding using the powers of fire, ice, and lightning, wearing the crest of the Royal Family, (three triangles, aka Triforce) who then became the immortal dragons Faarosh, Naydra, and Dinraal and now fly the skies forever. The idea that the triforce is a physical thing that can grant any desire is just a myth stemming from how three warriors, wearing this three triangled emblem, wielded incredible power such that they could effectively realize anything they wanted to achieve. when the symbol is just the family crest of the royal family, and the warriors were not goddesses but mortals with natural talent boosted by zonai sage stones.

In fact a lot of the supernatural elements from past games can now be explained away. Lowrule being a desolate copy of Hyrule, the and the Realm of Twilight being a place where evil wizards were banished, could both just be the Depths. The depths is also a mirror of Hyrule, and the armor unique to the depths bears a striking resemblance to the attire of the Twilik. It's also where you find Zant's Helm and Midna's Mask.  As fir the golden realm or the realm of the gods, We've seen in Tears of the Kingdom that the sky turns gold when the Light dragon flies incredibly far up when retrieving the Master Sword. And if "returning to the realm of the gods" is actually just the dragon's taking to the sky, then the realm of the gods is probably just the golden sky area very far up.

And you may be saying " but we've seen the Triforce be a real object. Lowrule and the Realm of Twilight looked nothing like that." It should be noted that there is absolutely ZERO mention of the triforce in both BotW and TotK, and that Zelda went way, way, WAY back in time to before even Skyward Sword, and then changed events in a significant, meaningful way.

In other words, Nintendo had Zelda pull a Flashpoint paradox and basically retconned the entire Zelda timeline up to this point. While aspects of this world's history may resemble things we are familiar with, the fact that both the Rito and Zora exist at the same time, the fact that Breath of the Wild mentioned locations and events that to our knowledge did not exist in the same branch of the timeline,that heroes from multiple different timelines now canonically exist simultaneously in Hyrule's history, Nearly everything we thought we knew is out the window.
                Credit for an interesting theory, but again not one I can get behind. There's a lot of debate as to when Zelda actually time traveled to, and while the jury is definitely still out, it could be as early as before/after Skyward Sword, but also as late as the ambiguous period before Breath of the Wild. A lot of people have subscribed to the theory that the three timelines somehow merged, and that the flashbacks from TotK take place after the merger but before the original Calamity. Personally, the only evidence of the timelines merging is that Breath of the Wild makes deliberate references to all of them, but that's circular logic (in other words if the only evidence of a merger is that BotW exists, that assumes that BotW HAS to fit in the timeline, and I don't know if that's true anymore).

As for the alternative worlds being the Depths, I don't think that one works. Lorule had sunlight and residents who were variants of the normal overworld, and they needed access to the Triforce to fix their world, which happens in the game, and we also saw that Link doesn't go "down" to get there, he had to slip into cracks that ran parallel to Hyrule. Likewise, the Twilight Realm has incredibly unique features compared to the Depths, especially considering the people, the architecture, the lighting, the portals, etc. But then there's also the existence of the Dark World in A Link to the Past, which again was a full blown over world with sunlight, inhabitants, and lore related to the Triforce. While the Depths mirror Hyrule from a topographical point (in that a mountain in Hyrule becomes a crater in the Depths), that's the only way that is a reflection. These other examples are either completely separate dimensions like the Twilight Realm or they are copies of Hyrule, not even reflections or mirrors, but just different, like Lorule and the Dark World, where a mountain in Hyrule is just a different mountain in those worlds.

I don't think Zelda pulled off a full Flashpoint Paradox (outstanding reference though), because in that scenario only Barry travels through time, so only he knows what has changed, and the changes are presented as entirely different timelines. In TotK, Zelda goes back in time, but she stays there and comes back the long way, seemingly to the same timeline. Notice that when Link wakes up in the sky, he is in the present, and then he uses Zelda's power to warp the corroded Master Sword back to her in the past. Then it is later revealed that the Sword and Light Dragon are both currently in the sky and presumably always have been. For a time, there were two Swords in one world. Not to mention that everyone still remembers the Calamity and the events of BotW (most noticable among the Zora and the Gerudo). So basically, Zelda's time traveling was more of a predestined event. She didn't create alternate timelines like the Flash did because she effectively came from a timeline where the events of her eventual travels were already part of the world she lives in. She HAD to go back in order for the events to unfold as they were supposed to. Arguably the best evidence of that is the fact that we see the sealed Ganondorf before she time travels, and then her time traveling didn't actually change anything we knew about that time, Ganondorf still gets sealed and released, the sages are all just ancestors of the champions (or at least the second string champions, since I can't actually confirm if Rivali and Teba/Tulin are related), and no significant changes were noticed otherwise.

The real mind-f*ck comes when you start asking questions about the Shiekah towers (and to a lesser degree the divine beasts, guardians, and shrines). We see one guardian on top of the Hateno research lab, so we know they still existed in this timeline, and most people assume that the shrines, guardians, towers, and divine beasts were either scrapped entirely or cannibalized to create the new lookout towers, and there's some evidence for that, but the trickiest part is the revisiting the sites where the Shiekah towers were in BotW. Several of those towers left scars, like bursting up through solid stone mountains, and yet those same solid stone mountains seem untouched in TotK. One even has a giant skull where the tower should be, and inside is a hole that shows the spine of that giant, implying that the giant was basically buried standing up in that location, which would not make sense of a tower had sprang up through that location. There's a good video about it on YouTube, made by someone called Gossip Geist about 3 weeks ago, title something like "What Happened To Hyrule," thumbnail was just the back of Link and Zelda's heads staring out at Hyrule. Highly recommend it, one of the only Zelda theory videos I've seen lately that didn't actually aggravate the hell out of me.
                    the thing about time travel in Tears of the Kingdom is, according to the game the sky islands appeared suddenly, as did the light dragon, after the upheaval. the upheaval was that moment Ganondorf awoke, and Zelda traveled back in time. So it seems that nintendo's approach is that the light dragon, the geoglyphs, and the sky islands, which were a direct result of Zelda's actions in the past, were paradoxically not present until after the moment she traveled back in time, with the citizens of Hyrule recognizing that this is a new development. Yet the Zonai Research Team's archeological discoveries would suggest that these things that no one had seen before and had no memory of prior to Zelda's disappearance, had somehow always been there. not how we would usually consider the effects of time travel, but that seems to be nintendo's approach. Not a fan of the approach personally, but it's Nintendo's game and they'll do what they want.
 That said, just because the direct results of Zelda's actions just suddenly came into being (the sky islands were a plan she made with Mineru using Zonai Technology, so I would argue they are still a direct result of her actions) it  could still mean the downstream effects of zelda's actions aka the timeline altering/merging, could happen the way we usually perceive time travel in media: being something perceived as having always been that way. 

 I will concede WHEN Zelda landed could conceivably be after the Calamity depicted on the Sheikah tablet -mainly because the opposing arm on the aspect of the ancient hero perfectly matches Rauru's arm, to suggest that the ancient hero is a young Rauru. It would actually explain how Rauru and Sonia bonded, coming together to defeat a primordial evil, and why the people of Hyrule would support his kingship: after all he just saved them all. But there is still VERY strong evidence to support that Zelda's memories take place before Skyward Sword. Firstly is the fact that Rauru's title is The High King, the FIRST king, the FOUNDER of Hyrule. This means these events have to take place before any game where the Kingdom of Hyrule was already established. And I would argue that even in Skward Sword, the Kingdom already existed. but it was a Kingdom in ruin that had been ravaged by Demise, with the surviving Hylians fleeing to the sky, where they remained so long they forgot why they were even there in the first place.

But Demise is itself proof that Zelda's memories have to take place prior. Demise is known as the Demon King, the creator of Monsters. In Zelda's memories, we see Ganondorf assume the title of Demon King, and create the monsters- A feat attributed to Demise.When he corrupts Sonia's Sage Stone and ascends to become the Demon King, Ganondorf's appearance also changes, and he bears very strong resemblance to Demise. So it seems clear to me that this Ganondorf is the origin of Demise, rather than a reincarnation of Demise. Because if Ganondorf was a reincarnation, he would not need to create the Monsters as Demise would have already done so. 

In one of Zelda's memories, she surmises that based on her knowledge of Hylian History, Rauru and the Sages are doomed to fail in their confrontation with Ganondorf, and the game gives us no reason to believe she is wrong in this conclusion. In such a timeline that those events played out as Zelda believed they would, a Ganondorf with no one to oppose him would feasibly run roughshod over the helpless Kingdom of Hyrule, continuing to grow in power as he went. Perhaps taking on a new appearance as his power grows, and a new name- Demise. At that point a band of surviving Hylians could feasibly use the Zonai Tech of their now dead king to raise the land into the sky to flee. Ganondorf/Demise would continue to dominate the land, until Hylia herself intervenes and seals him. And so the original Zelda Timeline would persist.

But that's not what happens. Rauru pointed out to Zelda that things may not play out to her expectations, because they did not have Zelda before. Because of Zelda assisting the sages, as well as her warnings about the future, Ganondorf was sealed by the sages, even if it was at great cost. So now this event that's foundational to the Zelda timeline as we knew it plays out VERY differently. That is why I argue the Depths could be Lowrule/twilight Realm in this version of the timeline. Because thanks to Zelda's interference in history, everything is different and our knowledge of past events can no longer be trusted.

Side note, since Zelda warned of Ganondorf's return and was putting plans in motion to prepare for it, it's possible this could be the prophecy of the return of the Calamity mentioned in Breath of the Wild.


But also, part of the reason I believe in this theory so strongly is because of an interview I read some years back with Shigeru Miyamoto, well before Breath of the Wild was even announced. In this interview he said their initial concept for The Legend of Zelda 2 was that Link would go into a stasis or coma, and would reawaken far, far into the future, where thered be laser guns and beam swords and robots and aliens. But they felt the technology in gaming was not yet where they could tell that story in a way that they would be satisfied with it. Every game since the original legend of Zelda has basically just been plan B, because Plan A they felt they couldn't make yet.  What he described is almost a 1 for 1 of Breath of the Wild. So if Breath of the Wild is the true Zelda sequel they always wanted to make, and everything since the original Legend of Zelda was just a compromise, I wouldn't be surprised if Zelda pulling a Flashpoint in Tears of the Kingdom is Nintendo's way of performing a soft reboot of the franchise, decanonizing every game that came before so they can move forward with the story they want to tell unshackled from old lore. 

I'm going to try to see if I can find a link to the interview, so you know I'm not just talking out of my ass on this one....

So I can't finda specific interview, and my details seemed to have been a bit off, but there's a lot of concept art and conversation that the first legend of Zelda seemingly was planned to have an alternate, Sci fi map, with Link moving between the two via time travel. this concept was revisited in Link to the past during development where link would collect microchips instead of Triforce pieces. The name Link was meant to be a reference to the link between the past and future.  If you think about it, this concept of link visiting multiple worlds/time periods seems to be a recurring element of Zelda stories. actual time travel in OoT, oracle of ages, Breath of the Wild, Skyward Sword, alternate worlds in LttP, Majora's Mask, Link Between Worlds, Twilight Princess, arguably TotK as well when looking at the Sky Islands and the Depths.

I can't reliably support my claim that BotW was the Zelda game they "always wanted to make" though, so I withdraw it. I believe even without meta analysis the theory has legs, though.
                        I'll grant that overall the theory isn't bad at all. I just think that at the moment is has way too many assumptions. Don't get me wrong, assumptions are a great starting point for any theory, but after that you have to be able to find the supporting evidence, and the Zelda timeline has way too many blank spaces for theory crafting, making it really hard to backup any theory that strays too far from the path.

Honestly, I believe you about BotW being the game they wanted to make in the beginning, or at least something close to it. I feel like I recall something to that effect in my own readings over the years. And I even have a similar theory about the idea of these two games being a soft reboot of sorts, but my theory steps out of the games a bit. Basically, I think the developers want to get away from the timeline aspect altogether, and so they're throwing as much confusing references as possible into one or two games and then refusing to comment on it, likely as a way of saying "Stop worrying about the timeline and just enjoy the games." In that regard, alternate timelines or not, I think BotW was designed not to fit into the timeline on purpose.

I still can't fully endorse a few things, like the Depths being the new version of the previously established alternate worlds. I don't see how it makes sense that in previous games these worlds were separated by magic portals with each having unique biomes, lighting and inhabitants, and now it's just "dig a hole." I'll grant that the idea for the Depths was probably inspired by all of the games that have Hyrule parallels, but I don't think the Depths were meant to take their place, more like joining their ranks. Likewise, I also initially questioned if Ganondorf could be the origin of Demise, and that the game might take place before Skyward Sword, but a lot of people have pointed out that apparently the actual naming of the Kingdom/land of Hyrule didn't take place until after Skyward Sword, and since Demise was also sealed below ground by Hylia it would make things messy if we try to make sense of the TotK Ganondorf being Demise. Originally when I assumed the flashbacks took place just AFTER Skyward Sword, I imagined that the reason Ganondorf looked so much like Demise was because it was a recent thing, the power of the curse, of the hatred of Demise, was so pure and fresh, and with the power of the stone amping that up, he basically was the second coming of Demise. Even still, there's just as much if not more evidence of the Flashbacks taking place in the far flung future prior to the initial calamity. There's just too many inconsistencies and unknowns for us to commit to any theory really. If for no other reason than the time gaps. All of real world human civilization has taken place in a gap of about 7,000 years (Mesopotamians and Sumerians, not talking about Homo Sapiens, etc). If all of human history fits within 7,000 years, how are we supposed to theorize about a timeline with at least one 10,000 year gap at the end, let alone dozens of gaps of unknown size in between? One of the things people point to when they say that TotK takes place before BotW is that the geography in the flashbacks clearly shows certain areas that are identical to BotW, while other games are drastically different. Personally, I don't consider Hyrule's geography as evidence, because if it were, the amount of time between games would have to be millions of years to account for the level of geographic shift that we see, and I do not want to go there. (I suppose the other evidence of this placement was the existence of the Molduga, saying that as often as we see deserts in Zelda we have never seen Molduga until BotW and TotK, but if Demise and Ganondorf can summon monsters, I can't personally consider the monsters as evidence, they're just extensions of the will of whoever summoned them.)

I also don't explicitly recall Zelda making plans with Mineru about creating the sky islands. My understanding of them in the game was that they "suddenly appeared" in the way that optical illusions might suddenly appeared when staring at something. Like, perhaps they were somehow cloaked in the sky, and the upheaval revealed them. However the only evidence of that is that even BotW had Zonai ruins on the south (which arguably make less sense after TotK), so it's not like the Zonai were a new thing to the people of Hyrule, they just didn't know the islands were up there. It also just occurred to me that further evidence of the Sky Islands always having been there but only just now being noticed is that we KNOW the upheaval did something to the Sky Islands, because they were literally falling out of the sky in some areas. Kakariko with the big rings was the most noticable, but also just the little random chunks that were falling all over the place. Something about the upheaval was bringing the Sky Islands down. Maybe they used to be higher? Like if they were all up around the layer where gravity gets weaker? If you try to look up into the sky in the game to see the islands that are that high up you still can't see them, and you're actively looking as opposed to citizens who are trying to rebuild their kingdom after a century of destruction. Either way, it's impossible to prove that the Sky Islands weren't always there.

I don't know, like I said it's all merky right now. Too much we don't know, too much of what we know contradicting itself, causing too many assumptions to try and fix it.
                            I will admit time gaps and the lack of concrete evidence makes it more of "which is more plausible". I still hold that  the past HAS to be before Skyward Sword and that Ganondorf is the precursor to Demise, because we see Ganondorf create the monsters. In any scenario where  Ganondorf comes after Demise, the monsters already exist because Demise made them. 

The one thing I will push back on is the concept that TotK occurs before BotW, because we do have ample, HARD evidence to the contrary. your horses from Breath persist across save files, and if you completed the DLC  the portrait Link hangs up in the house is still there in TotK. Tulin, Riju, Yunobo and Sidon all are older in TotK, and all of them remember Link, whereas in BotW the only one who was old enough to have any memory of Link was Sidon. It's stated that the statue of Mipha was moved from Zora's Domain to Mipha's landing in TotK, and a new statue memorializing Sidon and Link saving Zora's Domain was constructed, which is an event from BotW. Impa has stepped down from leadership at Kakariko, and Payah is now in charge. The Zora King stepped down, and Sidon is now Zora King. All of the old champions are dead in TotK, whereas Link's memories show them alive before BotW. Tarry Town exists already in TotK with Hudson having a wife and Child, whereas you help him build Terry Town and see him get married in BotW. These events would make zero sense if they occurred in reverse, and honestly i could probably name a dozen more.  But the most damning evidence is the school in Hateno Village. Zelda built the school, and it's a structure that did not exist in BotW. Plus the teacher's history lesson is basically a summary of the events of BotW.  The lack of a geographic mark for the sheikah technology as evidence of TotK being a prequel is nothing compared to the proof TotK is a sequel. Besides, it would make just as little sense if TotK was a prequel and all the ancient sheikah towers and shrines just suddenly appeared from literally nowhere.
                            As for Zelda conspiring with Mineru to make the sky islands, I believe they discuss it in one of her later memories. but also, Zelda's handmaiden discusses it at length in her memoirs that you have translated from the sky islands for that one Zonai researcher in Kakariko.
                    As for the geological impact of the towers from Breath of the Wild seemingly disappearing as if they never happened, I have no explanation for that, at least not one that could be explsined by the story. In my search to find supporting evidence for my meta claim though, I did find the transcript of an interview given to a Japanese magazine where it was stated they prioritize gameplay over continuity, that they don't mind if the details of the stories and their continuity don't line up perfectly, so long as the gameplay is good and the continuity breaks aren't so severe as to be jarring. They'd probably write off the unexplained complete and total erasure that sheikah Tech even existed as an unimportant detail.
                        This I have heard and agree with. I think it supports my "F the timeline" theory.
Either way it's so much more than any other Zelda game has ever gotten. OoT got a single hastily made but beloved sequel, and that was the most acclaimed game of its time. We can leave that part of the timeline alone now. Like I love the world of botw, but I desperately want a new Hero and place in time for the next game. That's all I ask.
    I totally agree I’m good with moving on from the current storyline, my disagreement was purely about there being a proper trilogy for it. New storyline and location please!
Skyward Sword -> Breath of the Wild -> Tears of the Kingdom

These 3 pretty neatly wrap up the Hylia Saga, and are all intrinsically linked closer than any other 3 games in the series have ever been, even with storyline foils of each other between SS and TotK
    I always thought of skyward sword as just being the beginning of the whole “eternal rebirth of good and evil” aspect, but I can definitely see the tie-in, thanks!
        It's fun to think of it as the necessary prequel style lore for BotW and TotK, and possibly that Skyward Swords lore may only exist in this new Hyrule that we currently live in.
And it was one of the best parts of the game!!
Consideration to new hexing for a similar mask due to someone with malice reading hyrule/termina history?

Edit: even 2 masks made in history?
    Yeah but then it’s just a retread if Majora’s Mask, which at that point I’d love a total remake/redesign of Majora’s Mask in a similar vein to what Final Fantasy VII got
True, but magic can do a lot is LOZ. I think there should at least be a reference to him somewhere, because the minish were going to be in Botw early on. It would have been so cool to find old wind temple ruins or a weapon like the four sword. I think it would be cool if the four sword acted like the Sheikah powers that Impa uses to duplicate herself in AoC. I miss my dramatic little minish man :'(
    I do agree on that, I love the games that feature the four sword, and I’d love to get another 2D game with it, especially if it had some of the mechanics of Four Swords adventure with a more traditional 2D world
Yeah same, maybe if they gave us an entirely new map and tone then I'd be for it. Maybe they need to 'chase' the next main villain to an outside land. But I'm also looking for a complete art style change. Maybe something akin to twilight princess with a realistic look.

The cell shade looks is great but after staring at it for close to 300 hours I'd like a change.
    Agreed. Im ready for a darker creepier zelda. Something more along the lines of Majoras mask type creepy
Alternatively, but far less exciting, it could be argued that Hyrule Warriors Age of Calamity is actually chronologically the first game in the trilogy, with Tears of the Kingdom being the last.
Bro TOTK story is much better.  I know what you mean about BOTW but TOTK is having none of that.  If you like anime especially I think TOTK will fit you.
    It makes me curious. I own a copy, but havent gotten to it. I tried some of my friend’s save. I saw bits of the cutscenes with the Goron main character and honestly, the voice acting was as abysmal as I remember - especially in English. In Japanese, it felt more fitting. He switched over to that when I suggested it. But prefer it removed altogether.

If the story got much better, I’d be a fair bit happier. 

Still advocate the series shouldnt make this a completely new “norm.” No issue with it being something tangential to other continued games. Just hope they keep outputting the other formats.
        The story in BOTW is fairly vanilla, but the story in TOTK is leaps and bounds more entertaining. I dare say it is even unpredictable at times. (Honestly the opening sequence alone is better than BOTW's entire story imo)
            The opening scene threw me for a loop

When >! Ganondorf mentioned Rauru !< that threw me for a fucking loop
                Ikr? My reaction: oh neat L and Z are gonna get into hijinks, maybe run into a monster or somethi-JESUS FUCKING CHRIST WHAT THE FUCK WHEN DID I PUT RE9 ON???
                    Lmao you wish this was as scary as a hypothetical RE9.
I don’t get how BOTW has any forgettable part of its story. The concept of link fighting a war 100 years ago and Ganon being sealed by Zelda is just as memorable of any to me…
    For me it's pretty forgettable due to the fact that almost nothing that happens in the "story" of BotW happens to the player, and is mostly just NPCs telling you how about things that you did 100 years ago with cutscenes because Link The Character has amnesia. This wouldn't be such a bad combination if there was some actually cool things or secrets or ANY twist at all (TotK is better about this) to the things that 100 years ago Link did, but it's all basic generic Good Guy stuff, with nothing even explaining how or why you as Link The Character are such a badass. They just show you having the sword, fighting some basic enemies, and then a 1 v 100 where you SOMEHOW (not showing it at all is an example of lazy writing/ lazy cutscenes) defeat them all, but then die at the end, somehow without explanation. The gameplay in these new titles is fire, but you're smelling a different candle if you think it compares to games where the story in question actually happens to You, Link the Player Character during the actual timeframe of the game.

TL:DR Older Zelda feels like a perilous quest where a Hero needs to rise up to undertake the challenge. New Zelda feels like a Quest needed to rise up so that our Awesome Hero could be the one to solve it.
        You also hit a valid point for comparison. 

A lot of Zelda titles touch upon the development of Link throughout. I think that gave a huge amount of charm that I couldnt really articulate into words. Watching that growth over time in the character is always super satisfying.
            Link's begrudging friendship with Midna, for example
    I mean it’s just an opinion and unfortunate to those who dont agree, my friends were agreeable to it. 

When compared to its storytelling found in OoT, Majora’s Mask, Link’s Awakening, TP (which sortve ports off of OoT), Minish Cap, Wind Waker…..just other big classic titles, I dont think it holds up to its weight. 

Conceptually the premise is cool, but I think all of the games I shared were ones that really often tied the story to the player through guided connections on progression. It’s a formula present in Zelda throughout. 

I think it’s why I consider BoTW in its own genre. The gameplay of it is stellar and very different in scale to what others offer. But you can theoretically skip the story entirely and go straight to the castle to fight Ganon if you want to. It’s freeing. There’s no true guided order - calling to its nomadic experience. It’s pieces.

I think thats why for me and a few others, it is forgettable. Apart from armor sets, handicaps from divine beasts, and map building or gameplay experience….there really arent any necessary items needed to get through the game. In other classics, many items collected are referenced upon towards later levels which can lead to a reminder of where you got them.
I would keep the voice acting, I think it’s a vast improvement over the old games, but make the voice acting better and the lip syncing better. My god is the lip syncing bad in botw and totk. Like make the voice acting like gowr or like insomniac level and it would be fine. Bad voice acting doesn’t mean we shouldn’t have voice acting at all imo
We can hope!
How does Skyward Sword fit in?
    So this latest theory intrigues us — the idea that Skyward Sword, Breath of the Wild, and Tears of the Kingdom will form a triforce trilogy of games, with each one representing one of the three virtues of the triforce: Power, Wisdom, and Courage.

Source: https://www.nintendolife.com/news/2022/11/random-could-zelda-tears-of-the-kingdom-be-the-final-part-of-a-trilogy-of-zelda-games
        Ohhhhh yeah I think I heard of this
        I feel like age of calamity would fit better because of the red theming.
Hey guys we found a satanist
Okay a Termina to totk but with a more twilight princess type aesthetic would be an absolute dream game. Maybe it could explore one of the heroes that came before the Hero of the Wild?
    I’d rather more a majoras mask aesthetic than a twilight princess. MM’s art direction was characterized by high saturation, heavy shadows, and dark outlines for effect, whereas TP’s desaturated pastel everything feels bland by comparison. 

MM’s art style lends itself to a type of surrealism, while TP’s leans more towards a kind of rustic-fantasy, which I don’t mean as a knock against it, but rather that I find playing a game set in a surreal world more interesting than one set in a rustic-fantasy.
        Honestly, that's completely valid. I think it comes down to a preference in art styles. I'm particularly fond of the tenebrism artist movement that has this sort of high contrast and almost luminescent effect. The way that the gold and blue lights stand out in the twilight-afflicted spaces are really enchanting to me.

I will say I love MM's concept art the most of any game, because you see the high contrast and heavy shadows really well on it. But I hesitate to say that the game itself properly encapsulates that style with the graphical limitations of its era. I think both TP and MM style games would highly benefit from a modern rendition where their art is taken into consideration. I say this because TP HD did a bit of a disservice by upscaling graphics that imo looked better when it had a more blurred nature to it.

 I love the art of Zelda games, and I'm really hoping that the next installment distances itself a bit from botw because ive just seen so much of it by now, even tho I like that too.
            The concept art was awesome, and the actual game assets reflect the choices through the color gradients used for each areas palettes. When you compare them to OoT’s you can see that they have more vibrant color choices.

I never picked up TPHD, I still had my wii copy so I gave it a pass, but I’ve heard those complaints. I think TP’s overall style never really grabbed me. I felt like it was missing something the whole way through, and it felt like they were trying to appease that chunk of the fanbase that blew up when everyone saw WW.
                The Deku Palace is one of my favorite places in the whole franchise (color, structure, music, it's all good) so I definitely see what you mean when discussing the colors. I guess I've never thought so much about the color palette for the different areas. When I think about MM's style, the main thing that sticks out to me is the use of patterns and geometric shapes. I thought that was fantastically done. The intricate patterns of the clock tower is imprinted on my mind, and there's quite a few other areas where they're used in really cool ways.

In the end, i still prefer TP – probably has something to do with my love of inkwash art, as well (monotone colors and limited palette my beloved).
I mean...

They can widen the map if they really want to push it.
AOC doesn’t count and you know it
    Agree to disagree there. It might be non-canon but it's still fun to slice through hoards of monsters and Yiga
    It's the same world and characters. It gave us more content when we didn't think we were getting more. It counts in the sense that we explored these games so thoroughly I love that we did but I am tired now. I need new for the Zelda games. It's been ten years.
Bellumbeck yeah
    Man I played pH on my Wii u and in that fight you have to rapidly swipe the stylus left and right until Bellumbeck gets slightly knocked aback but I thought that meant I wasn't doing it fast enough so I did it so fast it sharpened my stylus and scratched the screen.
So I don't think I want to see that fight again personally
        Honestly sounds like a hardware issue, never had that problem doing the fight on my DSI back in the day.
            No it was my fault like my wrist was in actual pain at how fast I was moving the stylus (in actuality I only had to move it about 1/8th the speed)
I think he already did...

Or let me rephrase: ZELDA already did. Demise is called the Demon King, and is called the creator of Monsters. In Tears of the Kingdom, we see Ganondirf take on the mantle of Demon King and create the Monsters, as well as looking VERY similar to Demise when he does.In TotK Zelda expresses that before her arrival, that Rauru and the sages were probably destined to be defeated by Ganondorf. in that situation, Ganondorf would run rampant across Hyrule. I could then see the surviving Hylians using Zonai technology to flee to the sky. Ganondorf would continue to grow in power, eventually taking on the name Demise, until Hylia herself is forced to intervene and seal him. And do the original Zelda timeline continues.

However, because of Zelda's interference, Ganondorf did not win but instead was sealed, even if it was at great cost. he would never rise to become Demise, and so the curse of reincarnation never occurs, and the Zelda timeline is forever altered. branching paths collapse, heros' paths change, disparate events somehow coexist. And instead of a reincarnating hero, hylia, and demise, we have a prophecy of the calamity's inevitable return, likely from Zelda herself thanks to her warnings in the past, and heros that may not have any connection to each other, fighting villains that may or may not be the same ones they fought originally.

TL;DR, Zelda caused a Flashpoint paradox.
    This is the best crackpot Zelda theory I've seen.
        If you think about it, if Ganondorf is actually an earlier form of demise, it would explain why Demise reincarnated into Ganondorf. Zelda reincarnated to Zelda, Link reincarnated to Link, and Demise reincarnated to.... Ganondorf? unless Ganondorf was actually demise's original form.
    Good idea, but the prologue to Skyward Sword has Demise originally emerging from a fissure in the earth. Which would tell me that he’s connected to the Depths somehow.
        from what I've seen of nintendo's approach to storytelling that could probably be easily retconned at this point.
I’m not saying a good Ganondorf, more like Demise somehow steps out of wherever he went to when he died and takes control, maybe causing Ganondorf to become jealous of Demise’s power and ultimately overthrow him, breaking the curse and becoming a modern god.
Before these more recent games I suspected Link's origins were far more illustrious than we were lead to believe. Zelda is the reincarnation of the goddess Hylia. Ganondorf is the reincarnation of Demon King Demise. but what is Link? Just some guy? Sure he's the goddesses chosen, but why is he chosen? Unless Link too is a reincarnation, of the Feirce Deity. A God of battle. Would be an ideal warrior to be chosen by the goddess, and would explain how in the vast majority of games Link has little to no formal weapons training or experience, and yet akways comes out on top against foes bigger, stronger, and more experienced than he is. He possesses a natural skill, an adeptness for combat that is born from being the reincarnation of what is essentially Hyrule's God of War.
    I think you're partially right, but not about Deity himself. It's a cool head-canon, but Deity was part of the lore of the (almost certainly) alternate dimension that Termina lies in. As far as I know, Link's origins go back to the chosen champion that helped Hylia seal Demise before the events of Skyward Sword. So Zelda is the "blood of the goddess," descendants of Zelda. Demise's curse ensured that someone (namely Ganondorf, but possibly other villains as well) would effectively inherit his hatred, arguably possessing them, but only his hatred. Link is the reincarnation of the "spirit of the hero," passing on his soul to each incarnation (which is why he's presumably always proficient with the weapons and tools, because previous versions of him already used them). The exception to that last one is the Wind Waker line, technically Toon Link is not a reincarnation of the hero, he's a whole new hero, because in his timeline the Adult Link from Ocarina of Time went back to the past to become a kid again, creating a timeline without a hero.

Edit: To your credit, I'm pretty sure the model for Deity is just a retextured model of Adult Link, so it could be said that Deity may have been an incarnation of Link from another world, kind of like Ravio (or whatever his name was) from Link Between Worlds. That said, the similarities can be explained in-world by saying that each time Link used one of the transformation masks, he was effectively infusing part of their souls into his own, which is why his transformations didn't look exactly like the souls he got them from, so the real Deity wouldn't have looked as much like Link as the one we saw.
        I did not bring up feirce Deity's likeness to adult link for that reason, as all of his transformation masks take on Link's features in one way or another.

I'll also mention that I did state it was a theory I used to have. because of Tears of the Kingdom I don't give it much credit anymore, since I now am of the belief that the gods of Hyrule's pantheon do not actually exist, if they ever existed in the first place. In fact I question now if the Triforce as a physical artifact capable of granting wishes is real anymore. I'm more inclined to believe that the mythology of Din, Nayru, and Farore as creator gods who made Hyrule then the Triforce as they returned to the sky is just an explanation they made to tell the story of three powerful warriors who helped to shape Hyrule in its founding using the powers of fire, ice, and lightning, wearing the crest of the Royal Family, (three triangles, aka Triforce) who then became the immortal dragons Faarosh, Naydra, and Dinraal and now fly the skies forever. The idea that the triforce is a physical thing that can grant any desire is just a myth stemming from how three warriors, wearing this three triangled emblem, wielded incredible power such that they could effectively realize anything they wanted to achieve. when the symbol is just the family crest of the royal family, and the warriors were not goddesses but mortals with natural talent boosted by zonai sage stones.

In fact a lot of the supernatural elements from past games can now be explained away. Lowrule being a desolate copy of Hyrule, the and the Realm of Twilight being a place where evil wizards were banished, could both just be the Depths. The depths is also a mirror of Hyrule, and the armor unique to the depths bears a striking resemblance to the attire of the Twilik. It's also where you find Zant's Helm and Midna's Mask.  As fir the golden realm or the realm of the gods, We've seen in Tears of the Kingdom that the sky turns gold when the Light dragon flies incredibly far up when retrieving the Master Sword. And if "returning to the realm of the gods" is actually just the dragon's taking to the sky, then the realm of the gods is probably just the golden sky area very far up.

And you may be saying " but we've seen the Triforce be a real object. Lowrule and the Realm of Twilight looked nothing like that." It should be noted that there is absolutely ZERO mention of the triforce in both BotW and TotK, and that Zelda went way, way, WAY back in time to before even Skyward Sword, and then changed events in a significant, meaningful way.

In other words, Nintendo had Zelda pull a Flashpoint paradox and basically retconned the entire Zelda timeline up to this point. While aspects of this world's history may resemble things we are familiar with, the fact that both the Rito and Zora exist at the same time, the fact that Breath of the Wild mentioned locations and events that to our knowledge did not exist in the same branch of the timeline,that heroes from multiple different timelines now canonically exist simultaneously in Hyrule's history, Nearly everything we thought we knew is out the window.
            Credit for an interesting theory, but again not one I can get behind. There's a lot of debate as to when Zelda actually time traveled to, and while the jury is definitely still out, it could be as early as before/after Skyward Sword, but also as late as the ambiguous period before Breath of the Wild. A lot of people have subscribed to the theory that the three timelines somehow merged, and that the flashbacks from TotK take place after the merger but before the original Calamity. Personally, the only evidence of the timelines merging is that Breath of the Wild makes deliberate references to all of them, but that's circular logic (in other words if the only evidence of a merger is that BotW exists, that assumes that BotW HAS to fit in the timeline, and I don't know if that's true anymore).

As for the alternative worlds being the Depths, I don't think that one works. Lorule had sunlight and residents who were variants of the normal overworld, and they needed access to the Triforce to fix their world, which happens in the game, and we also saw that Link doesn't go "down" to get there, he had to slip into cracks that ran parallel to Hyrule. Likewise, the Twilight Realm has incredibly unique features compared to the Depths, especially considering the people, the architecture, the lighting, the portals, etc. But then there's also the existence of the Dark World in A Link to the Past, which again was a full blown over world with sunlight, inhabitants, and lore related to the Triforce. While the Depths mirror Hyrule from a topographical point (in that a mountain in Hyrule becomes a crater in the Depths), that's the only way that is a reflection. These other examples are either completely separate dimensions like the Twilight Realm or they are copies of Hyrule, not even reflections or mirrors, but just different, like Lorule and the Dark World, where a mountain in Hyrule is just a different mountain in those worlds.

I don't think Zelda pulled off a full Flashpoint Paradox (outstanding reference though), because in that scenario only Barry travels through time, so only he knows what has changed, and the changes are presented as entirely different timelines. In TotK, Zelda goes back in time, but she stays there and comes back the long way, seemingly to the same timeline. Notice that when Link wakes up in the sky, he is in the present, and then he uses Zelda's power to warp the corroded Master Sword back to her in the past. Then it is later revealed that the Sword and Light Dragon are both currently in the sky and presumably always have been. For a time, there were two Swords in one world. Not to mention that everyone still remembers the Calamity and the events of BotW (most noticable among the Zora and the Gerudo). So basically, Zelda's time traveling was more of a predestined event. She didn't create alternate timelines like the Flash did because she effectively came from a timeline where the events of her eventual travels were already part of the world she lives in. She HAD to go back in order for the events to unfold as they were supposed to. Arguably the best evidence of that is the fact that we see the sealed Ganondorf before she time travels, and then her time traveling didn't actually change anything we knew about that time, Ganondorf still gets sealed and released, the sages are all just ancestors of the champions (or at least the second string champions, since I can't actually confirm if Rivali and Teba/Tulin are related), and no significant changes were noticed otherwise.

The real mind-f*ck comes when you start asking questions about the Shiekah towers (and to a lesser degree the divine beasts, guardians, and shrines). We see one guardian on top of the Hateno research lab, so we know they still existed in this timeline, and most people assume that the shrines, guardians, towers, and divine beasts were either scrapped entirely or cannibalized to create the new lookout towers, and there's some evidence for that, but the trickiest part is the revisiting the sites where the Shiekah towers were in BotW. Several of those towers left scars, like bursting up through solid stone mountains, and yet those same solid stone mountains seem untouched in TotK. One even has a giant skull where the tower should be, and inside is a hole that shows the spine of that giant, implying that the giant was basically buried standing up in that location, which would not make sense of a tower had sprang up through that location. There's a good video about it on YouTube, made by someone called Gossip Geist about 3 weeks ago, title something like "What Happened To Hyrule," thumbnail was just the back of Link and Zelda's heads staring out at Hyrule. Highly recommend it, one of the only Zelda theory videos I've seen lately that didn't actually aggravate the hell out of me.
                the thing about time travel in Tears of the Kingdom is, according to the game the sky islands appeared suddenly, as did the light dragon, after the upheaval. the upheaval was that moment Ganondorf awoke, and Zelda traveled back in time. So it seems that nintendo's approach is that the light dragon, the geoglyphs, and the sky islands, which were a direct result of Zelda's actions in the past, were paradoxically not present until after the moment she traveled back in time, with the citizens of Hyrule recognizing that this is a new development. Yet the Zonai Research Team's archeological discoveries would suggest that these things that no one had seen before and had no memory of prior to Zelda's disappearance, had somehow always been there. not how we would usually consider the effects of time travel, but that seems to be nintendo's approach. Not a fan of the approach personally, but it's Nintendo's game and they'll do what they want.
 That said, just because the direct results of Zelda's actions just suddenly came into being (the sky islands were a plan she made with Mineru using Zonai Technology, so I would argue they are still a direct result of her actions) it  could still mean the downstream effects of zelda's actions aka the timeline altering/merging, could happen the way we usually perceive time travel in media: being something perceived as having always been that way. 

 I will concede WHEN Zelda landed could conceivably be after the Calamity depicted on the Sheikah tablet -mainly because the opposing arm on the aspect of the ancient hero perfectly matches Rauru's arm, to suggest that the ancient hero is a young Rauru. It would actually explain how Rauru and Sonia bonded, coming together to defeat a primordial evil, and why the people of Hyrule would support his kingship: after all he just saved them all. But there is still VERY strong evidence to support that Zelda's memories take place before Skyward Sword. Firstly is the fact that Rauru's title is The High King, the FIRST king, the FOUNDER of Hyrule. This means these events have to take place before any game where the Kingdom of Hyrule was already established. And I would argue that even in Skward Sword, the Kingdom already existed. but it was a Kingdom in ruin that had been ravaged by Demise, with the surviving Hylians fleeing to the sky, where they remained so long they forgot why they were even there in the first place.

But Demise is itself proof that Zelda's memories have to take place prior. Demise is known as the Demon King, the creator of Monsters. In Zelda's memories, we see Ganondorf assume the title of Demon King, and create the monsters- A feat attributed to Demise.When he corrupts Sonia's Sage Stone and ascends to become the Demon King, Ganondorf's appearance also changes, and he bears very strong resemblance to Demise. So it seems clear to me that this Ganondorf is the origin of Demise, rather than a reincarnation of Demise. Because if Ganondorf was a reincarnation, he would not need to create the Monsters as Demise would have already done so. 

In one of Zelda's memories, she surmises that based on her knowledge of Hylian History, Rauru and the Sages are doomed to fail in their confrontation with Ganondorf, and the game gives us no reason to believe she is wrong in this conclusion. In such a timeline that those events played out as Zelda believed they would, a Ganondorf with no one to oppose him would feasibly run roughshod over the helpless Kingdom of Hyrule, continuing to grow in power as he went. Perhaps taking on a new appearance as his power grows, and a new name- Demise. At that point a band of surviving Hylians could feasibly use the Zonai Tech of their now dead king to raise the land into the sky to flee. Ganondorf/Demise would continue to dominate the land, until Hylia herself intervenes and seals him. And so the original Zelda Timeline would persist.

But that's not what happens. Rauru pointed out to Zelda that things may not play out to her expectations, because they did not have Zelda before. Because of Zelda assisting the sages, as well as her warnings about the future, Ganondorf was sealed by the sages, even if it was at great cost. So now this event that's foundational to the Zelda timeline as we knew it plays out VERY differently. That is why I argue the Depths could be Lowrule/twilight Realm in this version of the timeline. Because thanks to Zelda's interference in history, everything is different and our knowledge of past events can no longer be trusted.

Side note, since Zelda warned of Ganondorf's return and was putting plans in motion to prepare for it, it's possible this could be the prophecy of the return of the Calamity mentioned in Breath of the Wild.


But also, part of the reason I believe in this theory so strongly is because of an interview I read some years back with Shigeru Miyamoto, well before Breath of the Wild was even announced. In this interview he said their initial concept for The Legend of Zelda 2 was that Link would go into a stasis or coma, and would reawaken far, far into the future, where thered be laser guns and beam swords and robots and aliens. But they felt the technology in gaming was not yet where they could tell that story in a way that they would be satisfied with it. Every game since the original legend of Zelda has basically just been plan B, because Plan A they felt they couldn't make yet.  What he described is almost a 1 for 1 of Breath of the Wild. So if Breath of the Wild is the true Zelda sequel they always wanted to make, and everything since the original Legend of Zelda was just a compromise, I wouldn't be surprised if Zelda pulling a Flashpoint in Tears of the Kingdom is Nintendo's way of performing a soft reboot of the franchise, decanonizing every game that came before so they can move forward with the story they want to tell unshackled from old lore. 

I'm going to try to see if I can find a link to the interview, so you know I'm not just talking out of my ass on this one....

So I can't finda specific interview, and my details seemed to have been a bit off, but there's a lot of concept art and conversation that the first legend of Zelda seemingly was planned to have an alternate, Sci fi map, with Link moving between the two via time travel. this concept was revisited in Link to the past during development where link would collect microchips instead of Triforce pieces. The name Link was meant to be a reference to the link between the past and future.  If you think about it, this concept of link visiting multiple worlds/time periods seems to be a recurring element of Zelda stories. actual time travel in OoT, oracle of ages, Breath of the Wild, Skyward Sword, alternate worlds in LttP, Majora's Mask, Link Between Worlds, Twilight Princess, arguably TotK as well when looking at the Sky Islands and the Depths.

I can't reliably support my claim that BotW was the Zelda game they "always wanted to make" though, so I withdraw it. I believe even without meta analysis the theory has legs, though.
                    I'll grant that overall the theory isn't bad at all. I just think that at the moment is has way too many assumptions. Don't get me wrong, assumptions are a great starting point for any theory, but after that you have to be able to find the supporting evidence, and the Zelda timeline has way too many blank spaces for theory crafting, making it really hard to backup any theory that strays too far from the path.

Honestly, I believe you about BotW being the game they wanted to make in the beginning, or at least something close to it. I feel like I recall something to that effect in my own readings over the years. And I even have a similar theory about the idea of these two games being a soft reboot of sorts, but my theory steps out of the games a bit. Basically, I think the developers want to get away from the timeline aspect altogether, and so they're throwing as much confusing references as possible into one or two games and then refusing to comment on it, likely as a way of saying "Stop worrying about the timeline and just enjoy the games." In that regard, alternate timelines or not, I think BotW was designed not to fit into the timeline on purpose.

I still can't fully endorse a few things, like the Depths being the new version of the previously established alternate worlds. I don't see how it makes sense that in previous games these worlds were separated by magic portals with each having unique biomes, lighting and inhabitants, and now it's just "dig a hole." I'll grant that the idea for the Depths was probably inspired by all of the games that have Hyrule parallels, but I don't think the Depths were meant to take their place, more like joining their ranks. Likewise, I also initially questioned if Ganondorf could be the origin of Demise, and that the game might take place before Skyward Sword, but a lot of people have pointed out that apparently the actual naming of the Kingdom/land of Hyrule didn't take place until after Skyward Sword, and since Demise was also sealed below ground by Hylia it would make things messy if we try to make sense of the TotK Ganondorf being Demise. Originally when I assumed the flashbacks took place just AFTER Skyward Sword, I imagined that the reason Ganondorf looked so much like Demise was because it was a recent thing, the power of the curse, of the hatred of Demise, was so pure and fresh, and with the power of the stone amping that up, he basically was the second coming of Demise. Even still, there's just as much if not more evidence of the Flashbacks taking place in the far flung future prior to the initial calamity. There's just too many inconsistencies and unknowns for us to commit to any theory really. If for no other reason than the time gaps. All of real world human civilization has taken place in a gap of about 7,000 years (Mesopotamians and Sumerians, not talking about Homo Sapiens, etc). If all of human history fits within 7,000 years, how are we supposed to theorize about a timeline with at least one 10,000 year gap at the end, let alone dozens of gaps of unknown size in between? One of the things people point to when they say that TotK takes place before BotW is that the geography in the flashbacks clearly shows certain areas that are identical to BotW, while other games are drastically different. Personally, I don't consider Hyrule's geography as evidence, because if it were, the amount of time between games would have to be millions of years to account for the level of geographic shift that we see, and I do not want to go there. (I suppose the other evidence of this placement was the existence of the Molduga, saying that as often as we see deserts in Zelda we have never seen Molduga until BotW and TotK, but if Demise and Ganondorf can summon monsters, I can't personally consider the monsters as evidence, they're just extensions of the will of whoever summoned them.)

I also don't explicitly recall Zelda making plans with Mineru about creating the sky islands. My understanding of them in the game was that they "suddenly appeared" in the way that optical illusions might suddenly appeared when staring at something. Like, perhaps they were somehow cloaked in the sky, and the upheaval revealed them. However the only evidence of that is that even BotW had Zonai ruins on the south (which arguably make less sense after TotK), so it's not like the Zonai were a new thing to the people of Hyrule, they just didn't know the islands were up there. It also just occurred to me that further evidence of the Sky Islands always having been there but only just now being noticed is that we KNOW the upheaval did something to the Sky Islands, because they were literally falling out of the sky in some areas. Kakariko with the big rings was the most noticable, but also just the little random chunks that were falling all over the place. Something about the upheaval was bringing the Sky Islands down. Maybe they used to be higher? Like if they were all up around the layer where gravity gets weaker? If you try to look up into the sky in the game to see the islands that are that high up you still can't see them, and you're actively looking as opposed to citizens who are trying to rebuild their kingdom after a century of destruction. Either way, it's impossible to prove that the Sky Islands weren't always there.

I don't know, like I said it's all merky right now. Too much we don't know, too much of what we know contradicting itself, causing too many assumptions to try and fix it.
                        I will admit time gaps and the lack of concrete evidence makes it more of "which is more plausible". I still hold that  the past HAS to be before Skyward Sword and that Ganondorf is the precursor to Demise, because we see Ganondorf create the monsters. In any scenario where  Ganondorf comes after Demise, the monsters already exist because Demise made them. 

The one thing I will push back on is the concept that TotK occurs before BotW, because we do have ample, HARD evidence to the contrary. your horses from Breath persist across save files, and if you completed the DLC  the portrait Link hangs up in the house is still there in TotK. Tulin, Riju, Yunobo and Sidon all are older in TotK, and all of them remember Link, whereas in BotW the only one who was old enough to have any memory of Link was Sidon. It's stated that the statue of Mipha was moved from Zora's Domain to Mipha's landing in TotK, and a new statue memorializing Sidon and Link saving Zora's Domain was constructed, which is an event from BotW. Impa has stepped down from leadership at Kakariko, and Payah is now in charge. The Zora King stepped down, and Sidon is now Zora King. All of the old champions are dead in TotK, whereas Link's memories show them alive before BotW. Tarry Town exists already in TotK with Hudson having a wife and Child, whereas you help him build Terry Town and see him get married in BotW. These events would make zero sense if they occurred in reverse, and honestly i could probably name a dozen more.  But the most damning evidence is the school in Hateno Village. Zelda built the school, and it's a structure that did not exist in BotW. Plus the teacher's history lesson is basically a summary of the events of BotW.  The lack of a geographic mark for the sheikah technology as evidence of TotK being a prequel is nothing compared to the proof TotK is a sequel. Besides, it would make just as little sense if TotK was a prequel and all the ancient sheikah towers and shrines just suddenly appeared from literally nowhere.
                        As for Zelda conspiring with Mineru to make the sky islands, I believe they discuss it in one of her later memories. but also, Zelda's handmaiden discusses it at length in her memoirs that you have translated from the sky islands for that one Zonai researcher in Kakariko.
                As for the geological impact of the towers from Breath of the Wild seemingly disappearing as if they never happened, I have no explanation for that, at least not one that could be explsined by the story. In my search to find supporting evidence for my meta claim though, I did find the transcript of an interview given to a Japanese magazine where it was stated they prioritize gameplay over continuity, that they don't mind if the details of the stories and their continuity don't line up perfectly, so long as the gameplay is good and the continuity breaks aren't so severe as to be jarring. They'd probably write off the unexplained complete and total erasure that sheikah Tech even existed as an unimportant detail.
                    This I have heard and agree with. I think it supports my "F the timeline" theory.
I totally agree I’m good with moving on from the current storyline, my disagreement was purely about there being a proper trilogy for it. New storyline and location please!
I always thought of skyward sword as just being the beginning of the whole “eternal rebirth of good and evil” aspect, but I can definitely see the tie-in, thanks!
    It's fun to think of it as the necessary prequel style lore for BotW and TotK, and possibly that Skyward Swords lore may only exist in this new Hyrule that we currently live in.
Yeah but then it’s just a retread if Majora’s Mask, which at that point I’d love a total remake/redesign of Majora’s Mask in a similar vein to what Final Fantasy VII got
I do agree on that, I love the games that feature the four sword, and I’d love to get another 2D game with it, especially if it had some of the mechanics of Four Swords adventure with a more traditional 2D world
Agreed. Im ready for a darker creepier zelda. Something more along the lines of Majoras mask type creepy
It makes me curious. I own a copy, but havent gotten to it. I tried some of my friend’s save. I saw bits of the cutscenes with the Goron main character and honestly, the voice acting was as abysmal as I remember - especially in English. In Japanese, it felt more fitting. He switched over to that when I suggested it. But prefer it removed altogether.

If the story got much better, I’d be a fair bit happier. 

Still advocate the series shouldnt make this a completely new “norm.” No issue with it being something tangential to other continued games. Just hope they keep outputting the other formats.
    The story in BOTW is fairly vanilla, but the story in TOTK is leaps and bounds more entertaining. I dare say it is even unpredictable at times. (Honestly the opening sequence alone is better than BOTW's entire story imo)
        The opening scene threw me for a loop

When >! Ganondorf mentioned Rauru !< that threw me for a fucking loop
            Ikr? My reaction: oh neat L and Z are gonna get into hijinks, maybe run into a monster or somethi-JESUS FUCKING CHRIST WHAT THE FUCK WHEN DID I PUT RE9 ON???
                Lmao you wish this was as scary as a hypothetical RE9.
For me it's pretty forgettable due to the fact that almost nothing that happens in the "story" of BotW happens to the player, and is mostly just NPCs telling you how about things that you did 100 years ago with cutscenes because Link The Character has amnesia. This wouldn't be such a bad combination if there was some actually cool things or secrets or ANY twist at all (TotK is better about this) to the things that 100 years ago Link did, but it's all basic generic Good Guy stuff, with nothing even explaining how or why you as Link The Character are such a badass. They just show you having the sword, fighting some basic enemies, and then a 1 v 100 where you SOMEHOW (not showing it at all is an example of lazy writing/ lazy cutscenes) defeat them all, but then die at the end, somehow without explanation. The gameplay in these new titles is fire, but you're smelling a different candle if you think it compares to games where the story in question actually happens to You, Link the Player Character during the actual timeframe of the game.

TL:DR Older Zelda feels like a perilous quest where a Hero needs to rise up to undertake the challenge. New Zelda feels like a Quest needed to rise up so that our Awesome Hero could be the one to solve it.
    You also hit a valid point for comparison. 

A lot of Zelda titles touch upon the development of Link throughout. I think that gave a huge amount of charm that I couldnt really articulate into words. Watching that growth over time in the character is always super satisfying.
        Link's begrudging friendship with Midna, for example
I mean it’s just an opinion and unfortunate to those who dont agree, my friends were agreeable to it. 

When compared to its storytelling found in OoT, Majora’s Mask, Link’s Awakening, TP (which sortve ports off of OoT), Minish Cap, Wind Waker…..just other big classic titles, I dont think it holds up to its weight. 

Conceptually the premise is cool, but I think all of the games I shared were ones that really often tied the story to the player through guided connections on progression. It’s a formula present in Zelda throughout. 

I think it’s why I consider BoTW in its own genre. The gameplay of it is stellar and very different in scale to what others offer. But you can theoretically skip the story entirely and go straight to the castle to fight Ganon if you want to. It’s freeing. There’s no true guided order - calling to its nomadic experience. It’s pieces.

I think thats why for me and a few others, it is forgettable. Apart from armor sets, handicaps from divine beasts, and map building or gameplay experience….there really arent any necessary items needed to get through the game. In other classics, many items collected are referenced upon towards later levels which can lead to a reminder of where you got them.
So this latest theory intrigues us — the idea that Skyward Sword, Breath of the Wild, and Tears of the Kingdom will form a triforce trilogy of games, with each one representing one of the three virtues of the triforce: Power, Wisdom, and Courage.

Source: https://www.nintendolife.com/news/2022/11/random-could-zelda-tears-of-the-kingdom-be-the-final-part-of-a-trilogy-of-zelda-games
    Ohhhhh yeah I think I heard of this
    I feel like age of calamity would fit better because of the red theming.
I’d rather more a majoras mask aesthetic than a twilight princess. MM’s art direction was characterized by high saturation, heavy shadows, and dark outlines for effect, whereas TP’s desaturated pastel everything feels bland by comparison. 

MM’s art style lends itself to a type of surrealism, while TP’s leans more towards a kind of rustic-fantasy, which I don’t mean as a knock against it, but rather that I find playing a game set in a surreal world more interesting than one set in a rustic-fantasy.
    Honestly, that's completely valid. I think it comes down to a preference in art styles. I'm particularly fond of the tenebrism artist movement that has this sort of high contrast and almost luminescent effect. The way that the gold and blue lights stand out in the twilight-afflicted spaces are really enchanting to me.

I will say I love MM's concept art the most of any game, because you see the high contrast and heavy shadows really well on it. But I hesitate to say that the game itself properly encapsulates that style with the graphical limitations of its era. I think both TP and MM style games would highly benefit from a modern rendition where their art is taken into consideration. I say this because TP HD did a bit of a disservice by upscaling graphics that imo looked better when it had a more blurred nature to it.

 I love the art of Zelda games, and I'm really hoping that the next installment distances itself a bit from botw because ive just seen so much of it by now, even tho I like that too.
        The concept art was awesome, and the actual game assets reflect the choices through the color gradients used for each areas palettes. When you compare them to OoT’s you can see that they have more vibrant color choices.

I never picked up TPHD, I still had my wii copy so I gave it a pass, but I’ve heard those complaints. I think TP’s overall style never really grabbed me. I felt like it was missing something the whole way through, and it felt like they were trying to appease that chunk of the fanbase that blew up when everyone saw WW.
            The Deku Palace is one of my favorite places in the whole franchise (color, structure, music, it's all good) so I definitely see what you mean when discussing the colors. I guess I've never thought so much about the color palette for the different areas. When I think about MM's style, the main thing that sticks out to me is the use of patterns and geometric shapes. I thought that was fantastically done. The intricate patterns of the clock tower is imprinted on my mind, and there's quite a few other areas where they're used in really cool ways.

In the end, i still prefer TP – probably has something to do with my love of inkwash art, as well (monotone colors and limited palette my beloved).
Agree to disagree there. It might be non-canon but it's still fun to slice through hoards of monsters and Yiga
It's the same world and characters. It gave us more content when we didn't think we were getting more. It counts in the sense that we explored these games so thoroughly I love that we did but I am tired now. I need new for the Zelda games. It's been ten years.
Man I played pH on my Wii u and in that fight you have to rapidly swipe the stylus left and right until Bellumbeck gets slightly knocked aback but I thought that meant I wasn't doing it fast enough so I did it so fast it sharpened my stylus and scratched the screen.
So I don't think I want to see that fight again personally
    Honestly sounds like a hardware issue, never had that problem doing the fight on my DSI back in the day.
        No it was my fault like my wrist was in actual pain at how fast I was moving the stylus (in actuality I only had to move it about 1/8th the speed)
This is the best crackpot Zelda theory I've seen.
    If you think about it, if Ganondorf is actually an earlier form of demise, it would explain why Demise reincarnated into Ganondorf. Zelda reincarnated to Zelda, Link reincarnated to Link, and Demise reincarnated to.... Ganondorf? unless Ganondorf was actually demise's original form.
Good idea, but the prologue to Skyward Sword has Demise originally emerging from a fissure in the earth. Which would tell me that he’s connected to the Depths somehow.
    from what I've seen of nintendo's approach to storytelling that could probably be easily retconned at this point.
I think you're partially right, but not about Deity himself. It's a cool head-canon, but Deity was part of the lore of the (almost certainly) alternate dimension that Termina lies in. As far as I know, Link's origins go back to the chosen champion that helped Hylia seal Demise before the events of Skyward Sword. So Zelda is the "blood of the goddess," descendants of Zelda. Demise's curse ensured that someone (namely Ganondorf, but possibly other villains as well) would effectively inherit his hatred, arguably possessing them, but only his hatred. Link is the reincarnation of the "spirit of the hero," passing on his soul to each incarnation (which is why he's presumably always proficient with the weapons and tools, because previous versions of him already used them). The exception to that last one is the Wind Waker line, technically Toon Link is not a reincarnation of the hero, he's a whole new hero, because in his timeline the Adult Link from Ocarina of Time went back to the past to become a kid again, creating a timeline without a hero.

Edit: To your credit, I'm pretty sure the model for Deity is just a retextured model of Adult Link, so it could be said that Deity may have been an incarnation of Link from another world, kind of like Ravio (or whatever his name was) from Link Between Worlds. That said, the similarities can be explained in-world by saying that each time Link used one of the transformation masks, he was effectively infusing part of their souls into his own, which is why his transformations didn't look exactly like the souls he got them from, so the real Deity wouldn't have looked as much like Link as the one we saw.
    I did not bring up feirce Deity's likeness to adult link for that reason, as all of his transformation masks take on Link's features in one way or another.

I'll also mention that I did state it was a theory I used to have. because of Tears of the Kingdom I don't give it much credit anymore, since I now am of the belief that the gods of Hyrule's pantheon do not actually exist, if they ever existed in the first place. In fact I question now if the Triforce as a physical artifact capable of granting wishes is real anymore. I'm more inclined to believe that the mythology of Din, Nayru, and Farore as creator gods who made Hyrule then the Triforce as they returned to the sky is just an explanation they made to tell the story of three powerful warriors who helped to shape Hyrule in its founding using the powers of fire, ice, and lightning, wearing the crest of the Royal Family, (three triangles, aka Triforce) who then became the immortal dragons Faarosh, Naydra, and Dinraal and now fly the skies forever. The idea that the triforce is a physical thing that can grant any desire is just a myth stemming from how three warriors, wearing this three triangled emblem, wielded incredible power such that they could effectively realize anything they wanted to achieve. when the symbol is just the family crest of the royal family, and the warriors were not goddesses but mortals with natural talent boosted by zonai sage stones.

In fact a lot of the supernatural elements from past games can now be explained away. Lowrule being a desolate copy of Hyrule, the and the Realm of Twilight being a place where evil wizards were banished, could both just be the Depths. The depths is also a mirror of Hyrule, and the armor unique to the depths bears a striking resemblance to the attire of the Twilik. It's also where you find Zant's Helm and Midna's Mask.  As fir the golden realm or the realm of the gods, We've seen in Tears of the Kingdom that the sky turns gold when the Light dragon flies incredibly far up when retrieving the Master Sword. And if "returning to the realm of the gods" is actually just the dragon's taking to the sky, then the realm of the gods is probably just the golden sky area very far up.

And you may be saying " but we've seen the Triforce be a real object. Lowrule and the Realm of Twilight looked nothing like that." It should be noted that there is absolutely ZERO mention of the triforce in both BotW and TotK, and that Zelda went way, way, WAY back in time to before even Skyward Sword, and then changed events in a significant, meaningful way.

In other words, Nintendo had Zelda pull a Flashpoint paradox and basically retconned the entire Zelda timeline up to this point. While aspects of this world's history may resemble things we are familiar with, the fact that both the Rito and Zora exist at the same time, the fact that Breath of the Wild mentioned locations and events that to our knowledge did not exist in the same branch of the timeline,that heroes from multiple different timelines now canonically exist simultaneously in Hyrule's history, Nearly everything we thought we knew is out the window.
        Credit for an interesting theory, but again not one I can get behind. There's a lot of debate as to when Zelda actually time traveled to, and while the jury is definitely still out, it could be as early as before/after Skyward Sword, but also as late as the ambiguous period before Breath of the Wild. A lot of people have subscribed to the theory that the three timelines somehow merged, and that the flashbacks from TotK take place after the merger but before the original Calamity. Personally, the only evidence of the timelines merging is that Breath of the Wild makes deliberate references to all of them, but that's circular logic (in other words if the only evidence of a merger is that BotW exists, that assumes that BotW HAS to fit in the timeline, and I don't know if that's true anymore).

As for the alternative worlds being the Depths, I don't think that one works. Lorule had sunlight and residents who were variants of the normal overworld, and they needed access to the Triforce to fix their world, which happens in the game, and we also saw that Link doesn't go "down" to get there, he had to slip into cracks that ran parallel to Hyrule. Likewise, the Twilight Realm has incredibly unique features compared to the Depths, especially considering the people, the architecture, the lighting, the portals, etc. But then there's also the existence of the Dark World in A Link to the Past, which again was a full blown over world with sunlight, inhabitants, and lore related to the Triforce. While the Depths mirror Hyrule from a topographical point (in that a mountain in Hyrule becomes a crater in the Depths), that's the only way that is a reflection. These other examples are either completely separate dimensions like the Twilight Realm or they are copies of Hyrule, not even reflections or mirrors, but just different, like Lorule and the Dark World, where a mountain in Hyrule is just a different mountain in those worlds.

I don't think Zelda pulled off a full Flashpoint Paradox (outstanding reference though), because in that scenario only Barry travels through time, so only he knows what has changed, and the changes are presented as entirely different timelines. In TotK, Zelda goes back in time, but she stays there and comes back the long way, seemingly to the same timeline. Notice that when Link wakes up in the sky, he is in the present, and then he uses Zelda's power to warp the corroded Master Sword back to her in the past. Then it is later revealed that the Sword and Light Dragon are both currently in the sky and presumably always have been. For a time, there were two Swords in one world. Not to mention that everyone still remembers the Calamity and the events of BotW (most noticable among the Zora and the Gerudo). So basically, Zelda's time traveling was more of a predestined event. She didn't create alternate timelines like the Flash did because she effectively came from a timeline where the events of her eventual travels were already part of the world she lives in. She HAD to go back in order for the events to unfold as they were supposed to. Arguably the best evidence of that is the fact that we see the sealed Ganondorf before she time travels, and then her time traveling didn't actually change anything we knew about that time, Ganondorf still gets sealed and released, the sages are all just ancestors of the champions (or at least the second string champions, since I can't actually confirm if Rivali and Teba/Tulin are related), and no significant changes were noticed otherwise.

The real mind-f*ck comes when you start asking questions about the Shiekah towers (and to a lesser degree the divine beasts, guardians, and shrines). We see one guardian on top of the Hateno research lab, so we know they still existed in this timeline, and most people assume that the shrines, guardians, towers, and divine beasts were either scrapped entirely or cannibalized to create the new lookout towers, and there's some evidence for that, but the trickiest part is the revisiting the sites where the Shiekah towers were in BotW. Several of those towers left scars, like bursting up through solid stone mountains, and yet those same solid stone mountains seem untouched in TotK. One even has a giant skull where the tower should be, and inside is a hole that shows the spine of that giant, implying that the giant was basically buried standing up in that location, which would not make sense of a tower had sprang up through that location. There's a good video about it on YouTube, made by someone called Gossip Geist about 3 weeks ago, title something like "What Happened To Hyrule," thumbnail was just the back of Link and Zelda's heads staring out at Hyrule. Highly recommend it, one of the only Zelda theory videos I've seen lately that didn't actually aggravate the hell out of me.
            the thing about time travel in Tears of the Kingdom is, according to the game the sky islands appeared suddenly, as did the light dragon, after the upheaval. the upheaval was that moment Ganondorf awoke, and Zelda traveled back in time. So it seems that nintendo's approach is that the light dragon, the geoglyphs, and the sky islands, which were a direct result of Zelda's actions in the past, were paradoxically not present until after the moment she traveled back in time, with the citizens of Hyrule recognizing that this is a new development. Yet the Zonai Research Team's archeological discoveries would suggest that these things that no one had seen before and had no memory of prior to Zelda's disappearance, had somehow always been there. not how we would usually consider the effects of time travel, but that seems to be nintendo's approach. Not a fan of the approach personally, but it's Nintendo's game and they'll do what they want.
 That said, just because the direct results of Zelda's actions just suddenly came into being (the sky islands were a plan she made with Mineru using Zonai Technology, so I would argue they are still a direct result of her actions) it  could still mean the downstream effects of zelda's actions aka the timeline altering/merging, could happen the way we usually perceive time travel in media: being something perceived as having always been that way. 

 I will concede WHEN Zelda landed could conceivably be after the Calamity depicted on the Sheikah tablet -mainly because the opposing arm on the aspect of the ancient hero perfectly matches Rauru's arm, to suggest that the ancient hero is a young Rauru. It would actually explain how Rauru and Sonia bonded, coming together to defeat a primordial evil, and why the people of Hyrule would support his kingship: after all he just saved them all. But there is still VERY strong evidence to support that Zelda's memories take place before Skyward Sword. Firstly is the fact that Rauru's title is The High King, the FIRST king, the FOUNDER of Hyrule. This means these events have to take place before any game where the Kingdom of Hyrule was already established. And I would argue that even in Skward Sword, the Kingdom already existed. but it was a Kingdom in ruin that had been ravaged by Demise, with the surviving Hylians fleeing to the sky, where they remained so long they forgot why they were even there in the first place.

But Demise is itself proof that Zelda's memories have to take place prior. Demise is known as the Demon King, the creator of Monsters. In Zelda's memories, we see Ganondorf assume the title of Demon King, and create the monsters- A feat attributed to Demise.When he corrupts Sonia's Sage Stone and ascends to become the Demon King, Ganondorf's appearance also changes, and he bears very strong resemblance to Demise. So it seems clear to me that this Ganondorf is the origin of Demise, rather than a reincarnation of Demise. Because if Ganondorf was a reincarnation, he would not need to create the Monsters as Demise would have already done so. 

In one of Zelda's memories, she surmises that based on her knowledge of Hylian History, Rauru and the Sages are doomed to fail in their confrontation with Ganondorf, and the game gives us no reason to believe she is wrong in this conclusion. In such a timeline that those events played out as Zelda believed they would, a Ganondorf with no one to oppose him would feasibly run roughshod over the helpless Kingdom of Hyrule, continuing to grow in power as he went. Perhaps taking on a new appearance as his power grows, and a new name- Demise. At that point a band of surviving Hylians could feasibly use the Zonai Tech of their now dead king to raise the land into the sky to flee. Ganondorf/Demise would continue to dominate the land, until Hylia herself intervenes and seals him. And so the original Zelda Timeline would persist.

But that's not what happens. Rauru pointed out to Zelda that things may not play out to her expectations, because they did not have Zelda before. Because of Zelda assisting the sages, as well as her warnings about the future, Ganondorf was sealed by the sages, even if it was at great cost. So now this event that's foundational to the Zelda timeline as we knew it plays out VERY differently. That is why I argue the Depths could be Lowrule/twilight Realm in this version of the timeline. Because thanks to Zelda's interference in history, everything is different and our knowledge of past events can no longer be trusted.

Side note, since Zelda warned of Ganondorf's return and was putting plans in motion to prepare for it, it's possible this could be the prophecy of the return of the Calamity mentioned in Breath of the Wild.


But also, part of the reason I believe in this theory so strongly is because of an interview I read some years back with Shigeru Miyamoto, well before Breath of the Wild was even announced. In this interview he said their initial concept for The Legend of Zelda 2 was that Link would go into a stasis or coma, and would reawaken far, far into the future, where thered be laser guns and beam swords and robots and aliens. But they felt the technology in gaming was not yet where they could tell that story in a way that they would be satisfied with it. Every game since the original legend of Zelda has basically just been plan B, because Plan A they felt they couldn't make yet.  What he described is almost a 1 for 1 of Breath of the Wild. So if Breath of the Wild is the true Zelda sequel they always wanted to make, and everything since the original Legend of Zelda was just a compromise, I wouldn't be surprised if Zelda pulling a Flashpoint in Tears of the Kingdom is Nintendo's way of performing a soft reboot of the franchise, decanonizing every game that came before so they can move forward with the story they want to tell unshackled from old lore. 

I'm going to try to see if I can find a link to the interview, so you know I'm not just talking out of my ass on this one....

So I can't finda specific interview, and my details seemed to have been a bit off, but there's a lot of concept art and conversation that the first legend of Zelda seemingly was planned to have an alternate, Sci fi map, with Link moving between the two via time travel. this concept was revisited in Link to the past during development where link would collect microchips instead of Triforce pieces. The name Link was meant to be a reference to the link between the past and future.  If you think about it, this concept of link visiting multiple worlds/time periods seems to be a recurring element of Zelda stories. actual time travel in OoT, oracle of ages, Breath of the Wild, Skyward Sword, alternate worlds in LttP, Majora's Mask, Link Between Worlds, Twilight Princess, arguably TotK as well when looking at the Sky Islands and the Depths.

I can't reliably support my claim that BotW was the Zelda game they "always wanted to make" though, so I withdraw it. I believe even without meta analysis the theory has legs, though.
                I'll grant that overall the theory isn't bad at all. I just think that at the moment is has way too many assumptions. Don't get me wrong, assumptions are a great starting point for any theory, but after that you have to be able to find the supporting evidence, and the Zelda timeline has way too many blank spaces for theory crafting, making it really hard to backup any theory that strays too far from the path.

Honestly, I believe you about BotW being the game they wanted to make in the beginning, or at least something close to it. I feel like I recall something to that effect in my own readings over the years. And I even have a similar theory about the idea of these two games being a soft reboot of sorts, but my theory steps out of the games a bit. Basically, I think the developers want to get away from the timeline aspect altogether, and so they're throwing as much confusing references as possible into one or two games and then refusing to comment on it, likely as a way of saying "Stop worrying about the timeline and just enjoy the games." In that regard, alternate timelines or not, I think BotW was designed not to fit into the timeline on purpose.

I still can't fully endorse a few things, like the Depths being the new version of the previously established alternate worlds. I don't see how it makes sense that in previous games these worlds were separated by magic portals with each having unique biomes, lighting and inhabitants, and now it's just "dig a hole." I'll grant that the idea for the Depths was probably inspired by all of the games that have Hyrule parallels, but I don't think the Depths were meant to take their place, more like joining their ranks. Likewise, I also initially questioned if Ganondorf could be the origin of Demise, and that the game might take place before Skyward Sword, but a lot of people have pointed out that apparently the actual naming of the Kingdom/land of Hyrule didn't take place until after Skyward Sword, and since Demise was also sealed below ground by Hylia it would make things messy if we try to make sense of the TotK Ganondorf being Demise. Originally when I assumed the flashbacks took place just AFTER Skyward Sword, I imagined that the reason Ganondorf looked so much like Demise was because it was a recent thing, the power of the curse, of the hatred of Demise, was so pure and fresh, and with the power of the stone amping that up, he basically was the second coming of Demise. Even still, there's just as much if not more evidence of the Flashbacks taking place in the far flung future prior to the initial calamity. There's just too many inconsistencies and unknowns for us to commit to any theory really. If for no other reason than the time gaps. All of real world human civilization has taken place in a gap of about 7,000 years (Mesopotamians and Sumerians, not talking about Homo Sapiens, etc). If all of human history fits within 7,000 years, how are we supposed to theorize about a timeline with at least one 10,000 year gap at the end, let alone dozens of gaps of unknown size in between? One of the things people point to when they say that TotK takes place before BotW is that the geography in the flashbacks clearly shows certain areas that are identical to BotW, while other games are drastically different. Personally, I don't consider Hyrule's geography as evidence, because if it were, the amount of time between games would have to be millions of years to account for the level of geographic shift that we see, and I do not want to go there. (I suppose the other evidence of this placement was the existence of the Molduga, saying that as often as we see deserts in Zelda we have never seen Molduga until BotW and TotK, but if Demise and Ganondorf can summon monsters, I can't personally consider the monsters as evidence, they're just extensions of the will of whoever summoned them.)

I also don't explicitly recall Zelda making plans with Mineru about creating the sky islands. My understanding of them in the game was that they "suddenly appeared" in the way that optical illusions might suddenly appeared when staring at something. Like, perhaps they were somehow cloaked in the sky, and the upheaval revealed them. However the only evidence of that is that even BotW had Zonai ruins on the south (which arguably make less sense after TotK), so it's not like the Zonai were a new thing to the people of Hyrule, they just didn't know the islands were up there. It also just occurred to me that further evidence of the Sky Islands always having been there but only just now being noticed is that we KNOW the upheaval did something to the Sky Islands, because they were literally falling out of the sky in some areas. Kakariko with the big rings was the most noticable, but also just the little random chunks that were falling all over the place. Something about the upheaval was bringing the Sky Islands down. Maybe they used to be higher? Like if they were all up around the layer where gravity gets weaker? If you try to look up into the sky in the game to see the islands that are that high up you still can't see them, and you're actively looking as opposed to citizens who are trying to rebuild their kingdom after a century of destruction. Either way, it's impossible to prove that the Sky Islands weren't always there.

I don't know, like I said it's all merky right now. Too much we don't know, too much of what we know contradicting itself, causing too many assumptions to try and fix it.
                    I will admit time gaps and the lack of concrete evidence makes it more of "which is more plausible". I still hold that  the past HAS to be before Skyward Sword and that Ganondorf is the precursor to Demise, because we see Ganondorf create the monsters. In any scenario where  Ganondorf comes after Demise, the monsters already exist because Demise made them. 

The one thing I will push back on is the concept that TotK occurs before BotW, because we do have ample, HARD evidence to the contrary. your horses from Breath persist across save files, and if you completed the DLC  the portrait Link hangs up in the house is still there in TotK. Tulin, Riju, Yunobo and Sidon all are older in TotK, and all of them remember Link, whereas in BotW the only one who was old enough to have any memory of Link was Sidon. It's stated that the statue of Mipha was moved from Zora's Domain to Mipha's landing in TotK, and a new statue memorializing Sidon and Link saving Zora's Domain was constructed, which is an event from BotW. Impa has stepped down from leadership at Kakariko, and Payah is now in charge. The Zora King stepped down, and Sidon is now Zora King. All of the old champions are dead in TotK, whereas Link's memories show them alive before BotW. Tarry Town exists already in TotK with Hudson having a wife and Child, whereas you help him build Terry Town and see him get married in BotW. These events would make zero sense if they occurred in reverse, and honestly i could probably name a dozen more.  But the most damning evidence is the school in Hateno Village. Zelda built the school, and it's a structure that did not exist in BotW. Plus the teacher's history lesson is basically a summary of the events of BotW.  The lack of a geographic mark for the sheikah technology as evidence of TotK being a prequel is nothing compared to the proof TotK is a sequel. Besides, it would make just as little sense if TotK was a prequel and all the ancient sheikah towers and shrines just suddenly appeared from literally nowhere.
                    As for Zelda conspiring with Mineru to make the sky islands, I believe they discuss it in one of her later memories. but also, Zelda's handmaiden discusses it at length in her memoirs that you have translated from the sky islands for that one Zonai researcher in Kakariko.
            As for the geological impact of the towers from Breath of the Wild seemingly disappearing as if they never happened, I have no explanation for that, at least not one that could be explsined by the story. In my search to find supporting evidence for my meta claim though, I did find the transcript of an interview given to a Japanese magazine where it was stated they prioritize gameplay over continuity, that they don't mind if the details of the stories and their continuity don't line up perfectly, so long as the gameplay is good and the continuity breaks aren't so severe as to be jarring. They'd probably write off the unexplained complete and total erasure that sheikah Tech even existed as an unimportant detail.
                This I have heard and agree with. I think it supports my "F the timeline" theory.
It's fun to think of it as the necessary prequel style lore for BotW and TotK, and possibly that Skyward Swords lore may only exist in this new Hyrule that we currently live in.
The story in BOTW is fairly vanilla, but the story in TOTK is leaps and bounds more entertaining. I dare say it is even unpredictable at times. (Honestly the opening sequence alone is better than BOTW's entire story imo)
    The opening scene threw me for a loop

When >! Ganondorf mentioned Rauru !< that threw me for a fucking loop
        Ikr? My reaction: oh neat L and Z are gonna get into hijinks, maybe run into a monster or somethi-JESUS FUCKING CHRIST WHAT THE FUCK WHEN DID I PUT RE9 ON???
            Lmao you wish this was as scary as a hypothetical RE9.
You also hit a valid point for comparison. 

A lot of Zelda titles touch upon the development of Link throughout. I think that gave a huge amount of charm that I couldnt really articulate into words. Watching that growth over time in the character is always super satisfying.
    Link's begrudging friendship with Midna, for example
Ohhhhh yeah I think I heard of this
I feel like age of calamity would fit better because of the red theming.
Honestly, that's completely valid. I think it comes down to a preference in art styles. I'm particularly fond of the tenebrism artist movement that has this sort of high contrast and almost luminescent effect. The way that the gold and blue lights stand out in the twilight-afflicted spaces are really enchanting to me.

I will say I love MM's concept art the most of any game, because you see the high contrast and heavy shadows really well on it. But I hesitate to say that the game itself properly encapsulates that style with the graphical limitations of its era. I think both TP and MM style games would highly benefit from a modern rendition where their art is taken into consideration. I say this because TP HD did a bit of a disservice by upscaling graphics that imo looked better when it had a more blurred nature to it.

 I love the art of Zelda games, and I'm really hoping that the next installment distances itself a bit from botw because ive just seen so much of it by now, even tho I like that too.
    The concept art was awesome, and the actual game assets reflect the choices through the color gradients used for each areas palettes. When you compare them to OoT’s you can see that they have more vibrant color choices.

I never picked up TPHD, I still had my wii copy so I gave it a pass, but I’ve heard those complaints. I think TP’s overall style never really grabbed me. I felt like it was missing something the whole way through, and it felt like they were trying to appease that chunk of the fanbase that blew up when everyone saw WW.
        The Deku Palace is one of my favorite places in the whole franchise (color, structure, music, it's all good) so I definitely see what you mean when discussing the colors. I guess I've never thought so much about the color palette for the different areas. When I think about MM's style, the main thing that sticks out to me is the use of patterns and geometric shapes. I thought that was fantastically done. The intricate patterns of the clock tower is imprinted on my mind, and there's quite a few other areas where they're used in really cool ways.

In the end, i still prefer TP – probably has something to do with my love of inkwash art, as well (monotone colors and limited palette my beloved).
Honestly sounds like a hardware issue, never had that problem doing the fight on my DSI back in the day.
    No it was my fault like my wrist was in actual pain at how fast I was moving the stylus (in actuality I only had to move it about 1/8th the speed)
If you think about it, if Ganondorf is actually an earlier form of demise, it would explain why Demise reincarnated into Ganondorf. Zelda reincarnated to Zelda, Link reincarnated to Link, and Demise reincarnated to.... Ganondorf? unless Ganondorf was actually demise's original form.
from what I've seen of nintendo's approach to storytelling that could probably be easily retconned at this point.
I did not bring up feirce Deity's likeness to adult link for that reason, as all of his transformation masks take on Link's features in one way or another.

I'll also mention that I did state it was a theory I used to have. because of Tears of the Kingdom I don't give it much credit anymore, since I now am of the belief that the gods of Hyrule's pantheon do not actually exist, if they ever existed in the first place. In fact I question now if the Triforce as a physical artifact capable of granting wishes is real anymore. I'm more inclined to believe that the mythology of Din, Nayru, and Farore as creator gods who made Hyrule then the Triforce as they returned to the sky is just an explanation they made to tell the story of three powerful warriors who helped to shape Hyrule in its founding using the powers of fire, ice, and lightning, wearing the crest of the Royal Family, (three triangles, aka Triforce) who then became the immortal dragons Faarosh, Naydra, and Dinraal and now fly the skies forever. The idea that the triforce is a physical thing that can grant any desire is just a myth stemming from how three warriors, wearing this three triangled emblem, wielded incredible power such that they could effectively realize anything they wanted to achieve. when the symbol is just the family crest of the royal family, and the warriors were not goddesses but mortals with natural talent boosted by zonai sage stones.

In fact a lot of the supernatural elements from past games can now be explained away. Lowrule being a desolate copy of Hyrule, the and the Realm of Twilight being a place where evil wizards were banished, could both just be the Depths. The depths is also a mirror of Hyrule, and the armor unique to the depths bears a striking resemblance to the attire of the Twilik. It's also where you find Zant's Helm and Midna's Mask.  As fir the golden realm or the realm of the gods, We've seen in Tears of the Kingdom that the sky turns gold when the Light dragon flies incredibly far up when retrieving the Master Sword. And if "returning to the realm of the gods" is actually just the dragon's taking to the sky, then the realm of the gods is probably just the golden sky area very far up.

And you may be saying " but we've seen the Triforce be a real object. Lowrule and the Realm of Twilight looked nothing like that." It should be noted that there is absolutely ZERO mention of the triforce in both BotW and TotK, and that Zelda went way, way, WAY back in time to before even Skyward Sword, and then changed events in a significant, meaningful way.

In other words, Nintendo had Zelda pull a Flashpoint paradox and basically retconned the entire Zelda timeline up to this point. While aspects of this world's history may resemble things we are familiar with, the fact that both the Rito and Zora exist at the same time, the fact that Breath of the Wild mentioned locations and events that to our knowledge did not exist in the same branch of the timeline,that heroes from multiple different timelines now canonically exist simultaneously in Hyrule's history, Nearly everything we thought we knew is out the window.
    Credit for an interesting theory, but again not one I can get behind. There's a lot of debate as to when Zelda actually time traveled to, and while the jury is definitely still out, it could be as early as before/after Skyward Sword, but also as late as the ambiguous period before Breath of the Wild. A lot of people have subscribed to the theory that the three timelines somehow merged, and that the flashbacks from TotK take place after the merger but before the original Calamity. Personally, the only evidence of the timelines merging is that Breath of the Wild makes deliberate references to all of them, but that's circular logic (in other words if the only evidence of a merger is that BotW exists, that assumes that BotW HAS to fit in the timeline, and I don't know if that's true anymore).

As for the alternative worlds being the Depths, I don't think that one works. Lorule had sunlight and residents who were variants of the normal overworld, and they needed access to the Triforce to fix their world, which happens in the game, and we also saw that Link doesn't go "down" to get there, he had to slip into cracks that ran parallel to Hyrule. Likewise, the Twilight Realm has incredibly unique features compared to the Depths, especially considering the people, the architecture, the lighting, the portals, etc. But then there's also the existence of the Dark World in A Link to the Past, which again was a full blown over world with sunlight, inhabitants, and lore related to the Triforce. While the Depths mirror Hyrule from a topographical point (in that a mountain in Hyrule becomes a crater in the Depths), that's the only way that is a reflection. These other examples are either completely separate dimensions like the Twilight Realm or they are copies of Hyrule, not even reflections or mirrors, but just different, like Lorule and the Dark World, where a mountain in Hyrule is just a different mountain in those worlds.

I don't think Zelda pulled off a full Flashpoint Paradox (outstanding reference though), because in that scenario only Barry travels through time, so only he knows what has changed, and the changes are presented as entirely different timelines. In TotK, Zelda goes back in time, but she stays there and comes back the long way, seemingly to the same timeline. Notice that when Link wakes up in the sky, he is in the present, and then he uses Zelda's power to warp the corroded Master Sword back to her in the past. Then it is later revealed that the Sword and Light Dragon are both currently in the sky and presumably always have been. For a time, there were two Swords in one world. Not to mention that everyone still remembers the Calamity and the events of BotW (most noticable among the Zora and the Gerudo). So basically, Zelda's time traveling was more of a predestined event. She didn't create alternate timelines like the Flash did because she effectively came from a timeline where the events of her eventual travels were already part of the world she lives in. She HAD to go back in order for the events to unfold as they were supposed to. Arguably the best evidence of that is the fact that we see the sealed Ganondorf before she time travels, and then her time traveling didn't actually change anything we knew about that time, Ganondorf still gets sealed and released, the sages are all just ancestors of the champions (or at least the second string champions, since I can't actually confirm if Rivali and Teba/Tulin are related), and no significant changes were noticed otherwise.

The real mind-f*ck comes when you start asking questions about the Shiekah towers (and to a lesser degree the divine beasts, guardians, and shrines). We see one guardian on top of the Hateno research lab, so we know they still existed in this timeline, and most people assume that the shrines, guardians, towers, and divine beasts were either scrapped entirely or cannibalized to create the new lookout towers, and there's some evidence for that, but the trickiest part is the revisiting the sites where the Shiekah towers were in BotW. Several of those towers left scars, like bursting up through solid stone mountains, and yet those same solid stone mountains seem untouched in TotK. One even has a giant skull where the tower should be, and inside is a hole that shows the spine of that giant, implying that the giant was basically buried standing up in that location, which would not make sense of a tower had sprang up through that location. There's a good video about it on YouTube, made by someone called Gossip Geist about 3 weeks ago, title something like "What Happened To Hyrule," thumbnail was just the back of Link and Zelda's heads staring out at Hyrule. Highly recommend it, one of the only Zelda theory videos I've seen lately that didn't actually aggravate the hell out of me.
        the thing about time travel in Tears of the Kingdom is, according to the game the sky islands appeared suddenly, as did the light dragon, after the upheaval. the upheaval was that moment Ganondorf awoke, and Zelda traveled back in time. So it seems that nintendo's approach is that the light dragon, the geoglyphs, and the sky islands, which were a direct result of Zelda's actions in the past, were paradoxically not present until after the moment she traveled back in time, with the citizens of Hyrule recognizing that this is a new development. Yet the Zonai Research Team's archeological discoveries would suggest that these things that no one had seen before and had no memory of prior to Zelda's disappearance, had somehow always been there. not how we would usually consider the effects of time travel, but that seems to be nintendo's approach. Not a fan of the approach personally, but it's Nintendo's game and they'll do what they want.
 That said, just because the direct results of Zelda's actions just suddenly came into being (the sky islands were a plan she made with Mineru using Zonai Technology, so I would argue they are still a direct result of her actions) it  could still mean the downstream effects of zelda's actions aka the timeline altering/merging, could happen the way we usually perceive time travel in media: being something perceived as having always been that way. 

 I will concede WHEN Zelda landed could conceivably be after the Calamity depicted on the Sheikah tablet -mainly because the opposing arm on the aspect of the ancient hero perfectly matches Rauru's arm, to suggest that the ancient hero is a young Rauru. It would actually explain how Rauru and Sonia bonded, coming together to defeat a primordial evil, and why the people of Hyrule would support his kingship: after all he just saved them all. But there is still VERY strong evidence to support that Zelda's memories take place before Skyward Sword. Firstly is the fact that Rauru's title is The High King, the FIRST king, the FOUNDER of Hyrule. This means these events have to take place before any game where the Kingdom of Hyrule was already established. And I would argue that even in Skward Sword, the Kingdom already existed. but it was a Kingdom in ruin that had been ravaged by Demise, with the surviving Hylians fleeing to the sky, where they remained so long they forgot why they were even there in the first place.

But Demise is itself proof that Zelda's memories have to take place prior. Demise is known as the Demon King, the creator of Monsters. In Zelda's memories, we see Ganondorf assume the title of Demon King, and create the monsters- A feat attributed to Demise.When he corrupts Sonia's Sage Stone and ascends to become the Demon King, Ganondorf's appearance also changes, and he bears very strong resemblance to Demise. So it seems clear to me that this Ganondorf is the origin of Demise, rather than a reincarnation of Demise. Because if Ganondorf was a reincarnation, he would not need to create the Monsters as Demise would have already done so. 

In one of Zelda's memories, she surmises that based on her knowledge of Hylian History, Rauru and the Sages are doomed to fail in their confrontation with Ganondorf, and the game gives us no reason to believe she is wrong in this conclusion. In such a timeline that those events played out as Zelda believed they would, a Ganondorf with no one to oppose him would feasibly run roughshod over the helpless Kingdom of Hyrule, continuing to grow in power as he went. Perhaps taking on a new appearance as his power grows, and a new name- Demise. At that point a band of surviving Hylians could feasibly use the Zonai Tech of their now dead king to raise the land into the sky to flee. Ganondorf/Demise would continue to dominate the land, until Hylia herself intervenes and seals him. And so the original Zelda Timeline would persist.

But that's not what happens. Rauru pointed out to Zelda that things may not play out to her expectations, because they did not have Zelda before. Because of Zelda assisting the sages, as well as her warnings about the future, Ganondorf was sealed by the sages, even if it was at great cost. So now this event that's foundational to the Zelda timeline as we knew it plays out VERY differently. That is why I argue the Depths could be Lowrule/twilight Realm in this version of the timeline. Because thanks to Zelda's interference in history, everything is different and our knowledge of past events can no longer be trusted.

Side note, since Zelda warned of Ganondorf's return and was putting plans in motion to prepare for it, it's possible this could be the prophecy of the return of the Calamity mentioned in Breath of the Wild.


But also, part of the reason I believe in this theory so strongly is because of an interview I read some years back with Shigeru Miyamoto, well before Breath of the Wild was even announced. In this interview he said their initial concept for The Legend of Zelda 2 was that Link would go into a stasis or coma, and would reawaken far, far into the future, where thered be laser guns and beam swords and robots and aliens. But they felt the technology in gaming was not yet where they could tell that story in a way that they would be satisfied with it. Every game since the original legend of Zelda has basically just been plan B, because Plan A they felt they couldn't make yet.  What he described is almost a 1 for 1 of Breath of the Wild. So if Breath of the Wild is the true Zelda sequel they always wanted to make, and everything since the original Legend of Zelda was just a compromise, I wouldn't be surprised if Zelda pulling a Flashpoint in Tears of the Kingdom is Nintendo's way of performing a soft reboot of the franchise, decanonizing every game that came before so they can move forward with the story they want to tell unshackled from old lore. 

I'm going to try to see if I can find a link to the interview, so you know I'm not just talking out of my ass on this one....

So I can't finda specific interview, and my details seemed to have been a bit off, but there's a lot of concept art and conversation that the first legend of Zelda seemingly was planned to have an alternate, Sci fi map, with Link moving between the two via time travel. this concept was revisited in Link to the past during development where link would collect microchips instead of Triforce pieces. The name Link was meant to be a reference to the link between the past and future.  If you think about it, this concept of link visiting multiple worlds/time periods seems to be a recurring element of Zelda stories. actual time travel in OoT, oracle of ages, Breath of the Wild, Skyward Sword, alternate worlds in LttP, Majora's Mask, Link Between Worlds, Twilight Princess, arguably TotK as well when looking at the Sky Islands and the Depths.

I can't reliably support my claim that BotW was the Zelda game they "always wanted to make" though, so I withdraw it. I believe even without meta analysis the theory has legs, though.
            I'll grant that overall the theory isn't bad at all. I just think that at the moment is has way too many assumptions. Don't get me wrong, assumptions are a great starting point for any theory, but after that you have to be able to find the supporting evidence, and the Zelda timeline has way too many blank spaces for theory crafting, making it really hard to backup any theory that strays too far from the path.

Honestly, I believe you about BotW being the game they wanted to make in the beginning, or at least something close to it. I feel like I recall something to that effect in my own readings over the years. And I even have a similar theory about the idea of these two games being a soft reboot of sorts, but my theory steps out of the games a bit. Basically, I think the developers want to get away from the timeline aspect altogether, and so they're throwing as much confusing references as possible into one or two games and then refusing to comment on it, likely as a way of saying "Stop worrying about the timeline and just enjoy the games." In that regard, alternate timelines or not, I think BotW was designed not to fit into the timeline on purpose.

I still can't fully endorse a few things, like the Depths being the new version of the previously established alternate worlds. I don't see how it makes sense that in previous games these worlds were separated by magic portals with each having unique biomes, lighting and inhabitants, and now it's just "dig a hole." I'll grant that the idea for the Depths was probably inspired by all of the games that have Hyrule parallels, but I don't think the Depths were meant to take their place, more like joining their ranks. Likewise, I also initially questioned if Ganondorf could be the origin of Demise, and that the game might take place before Skyward Sword, but a lot of people have pointed out that apparently the actual naming of the Kingdom/land of Hyrule didn't take place until after Skyward Sword, and since Demise was also sealed below ground by Hylia it would make things messy if we try to make sense of the TotK Ganondorf being Demise. Originally when I assumed the flashbacks took place just AFTER Skyward Sword, I imagined that the reason Ganondorf looked so much like Demise was because it was a recent thing, the power of the curse, of the hatred of Demise, was so pure and fresh, and with the power of the stone amping that up, he basically was the second coming of Demise. Even still, there's just as much if not more evidence of the Flashbacks taking place in the far flung future prior to the initial calamity. There's just too many inconsistencies and unknowns for us to commit to any theory really. If for no other reason than the time gaps. All of real world human civilization has taken place in a gap of about 7,000 years (Mesopotamians and Sumerians, not talking about Homo Sapiens, etc). If all of human history fits within 7,000 years, how are we supposed to theorize about a timeline with at least one 10,000 year gap at the end, let alone dozens of gaps of unknown size in between? One of the things people point to when they say that TotK takes place before BotW is that the geography in the flashbacks clearly shows certain areas that are identical to BotW, while other games are drastically different. Personally, I don't consider Hyrule's geography as evidence, because if it were, the amount of time between games would have to be millions of years to account for the level of geographic shift that we see, and I do not want to go there. (I suppose the other evidence of this placement was the existence of the Molduga, saying that as often as we see deserts in Zelda we have never seen Molduga until BotW and TotK, but if Demise and Ganondorf can summon monsters, I can't personally consider the monsters as evidence, they're just extensions of the will of whoever summoned them.)

I also don't explicitly recall Zelda making plans with Mineru about creating the sky islands. My understanding of them in the game was that they "suddenly appeared" in the way that optical illusions might suddenly appeared when staring at something. Like, perhaps they were somehow cloaked in the sky, and the upheaval revealed them. However the only evidence of that is that even BotW had Zonai ruins on the south (which arguably make less sense after TotK), so it's not like the Zonai were a new thing to the people of Hyrule, they just didn't know the islands were up there. It also just occurred to me that further evidence of the Sky Islands always having been there but only just now being noticed is that we KNOW the upheaval did something to the Sky Islands, because they were literally falling out of the sky in some areas. Kakariko with the big rings was the most noticable, but also just the little random chunks that were falling all over the place. Something about the upheaval was bringing the Sky Islands down. Maybe they used to be higher? Like if they were all up around the layer where gravity gets weaker? If you try to look up into the sky in the game to see the islands that are that high up you still can't see them, and you're actively looking as opposed to citizens who are trying to rebuild their kingdom after a century of destruction. Either way, it's impossible to prove that the Sky Islands weren't always there.

I don't know, like I said it's all merky right now. Too much we don't know, too much of what we know contradicting itself, causing too many assumptions to try and fix it.
                I will admit time gaps and the lack of concrete evidence makes it more of "which is more plausible". I still hold that  the past HAS to be before Skyward Sword and that Ganondorf is the precursor to Demise, because we see Ganondorf create the monsters. In any scenario where  Ganondorf comes after Demise, the monsters already exist because Demise made them. 

The one thing I will push back on is the concept that TotK occurs before BotW, because we do have ample, HARD evidence to the contrary. your horses from Breath persist across save files, and if you completed the DLC  the portrait Link hangs up in the house is still there in TotK. Tulin, Riju, Yunobo and Sidon all are older in TotK, and all of them remember Link, whereas in BotW the only one who was old enough to have any memory of Link was Sidon. It's stated that the statue of Mipha was moved from Zora's Domain to Mipha's landing in TotK, and a new statue memorializing Sidon and Link saving Zora's Domain was constructed, which is an event from BotW. Impa has stepped down from leadership at Kakariko, and Payah is now in charge. The Zora King stepped down, and Sidon is now Zora King. All of the old champions are dead in TotK, whereas Link's memories show them alive before BotW. Tarry Town exists already in TotK with Hudson having a wife and Child, whereas you help him build Terry Town and see him get married in BotW. These events would make zero sense if they occurred in reverse, and honestly i could probably name a dozen more.  But the most damning evidence is the school in Hateno Village. Zelda built the school, and it's a structure that did not exist in BotW. Plus the teacher's history lesson is basically a summary of the events of BotW.  The lack of a geographic mark for the sheikah technology as evidence of TotK being a prequel is nothing compared to the proof TotK is a sequel. Besides, it would make just as little sense if TotK was a prequel and all the ancient sheikah towers and shrines just suddenly appeared from literally nowhere.
                As for Zelda conspiring with Mineru to make the sky islands, I believe they discuss it in one of her later memories. but also, Zelda's handmaiden discusses it at length in her memoirs that you have translated from the sky islands for that one Zonai researcher in Kakariko.
        As for the geological impact of the towers from Breath of the Wild seemingly disappearing as if they never happened, I have no explanation for that, at least not one that could be explsined by the story. In my search to find supporting evidence for my meta claim though, I did find the transcript of an interview given to a Japanese magazine where it was stated they prioritize gameplay over continuity, that they don't mind if the details of the stories and their continuity don't line up perfectly, so long as the gameplay is good and the continuity breaks aren't so severe as to be jarring. They'd probably write off the unexplained complete and total erasure that sheikah Tech even existed as an unimportant detail.
            This I have heard and agree with. I think it supports my "F the timeline" theory.
The opening scene threw me for a loop

When >! Ganondorf mentioned Rauru !< that threw me for a fucking loop
    Ikr? My reaction: oh neat L and Z are gonna get into hijinks, maybe run into a monster or somethi-JESUS FUCKING CHRIST WHAT THE FUCK WHEN DID I PUT RE9 ON???
        Lmao you wish this was as scary as a hypothetical RE9.
Link's begrudging friendship with Midna, for example
The concept art was awesome, and the actual game assets reflect the choices through the color gradients used for each areas palettes. When you compare them to OoT’s you can see that they have more vibrant color choices.

I never picked up TPHD, I still had my wii copy so I gave it a pass, but I’ve heard those complaints. I think TP’s overall style never really grabbed me. I felt like it was missing something the whole way through, and it felt like they were trying to appease that chunk of the fanbase that blew up when everyone saw WW.
    The Deku Palace is one of my favorite places in the whole franchise (color, structure, music, it's all good) so I definitely see what you mean when discussing the colors. I guess I've never thought so much about the color palette for the different areas. When I think about MM's style, the main thing that sticks out to me is the use of patterns and geometric shapes. I thought that was fantastically done. The intricate patterns of the clock tower is imprinted on my mind, and there's quite a few other areas where they're used in really cool ways.

In the end, i still prefer TP – probably has something to do with my love of inkwash art, as well (monotone colors and limited palette my beloved).
No it was my fault like my wrist was in actual pain at how fast I was moving the stylus (in actuality I only had to move it about 1/8th the speed)
Credit for an interesting theory, but again not one I can get behind. There's a lot of debate as to when Zelda actually time traveled to, and while the jury is definitely still out, it could be as early as before/after Skyward Sword, but also as late as the ambiguous period before Breath of the Wild. A lot of people have subscribed to the theory that the three timelines somehow merged, and that the flashbacks from TotK take place after the merger but before the original Calamity. Personally, the only evidence of the timelines merging is that Breath of the Wild makes deliberate references to all of them, but that's circular logic (in other words if the only evidence of a merger is that BotW exists, that assumes that BotW HAS to fit in the timeline, and I don't know if that's true anymore).

As for the alternative worlds being the Depths, I don't think that one works. Lorule had sunlight and residents who were variants of the normal overworld, and they needed access to the Triforce to fix their world, which happens in the game, and we also saw that Link doesn't go "down" to get there, he had to slip into cracks that ran parallel to Hyrule. Likewise, the Twilight Realm has incredibly unique features compared to the Depths, especially considering the people, the architecture, the lighting, the portals, etc. But then there's also the existence of the Dark World in A Link to the Past, which again was a full blown over world with sunlight, inhabitants, and lore related to the Triforce. While the Depths mirror Hyrule from a topographical point (in that a mountain in Hyrule becomes a crater in the Depths), that's the only way that is a reflection. These other examples are either completely separate dimensions like the Twilight Realm or they are copies of Hyrule, not even reflections or mirrors, but just different, like Lorule and the Dark World, where a mountain in Hyrule is just a different mountain in those worlds.

I don't think Zelda pulled off a full Flashpoint Paradox (outstanding reference though), because in that scenario only Barry travels through time, so only he knows what has changed, and the changes are presented as entirely different timelines. In TotK, Zelda goes back in time, but she stays there and comes back the long way, seemingly to the same timeline. Notice that when Link wakes up in the sky, he is in the present, and then he uses Zelda's power to warp the corroded Master Sword back to her in the past. Then it is later revealed that the Sword and Light Dragon are both currently in the sky and presumably always have been. For a time, there were two Swords in one world. Not to mention that everyone still remembers the Calamity and the events of BotW (most noticable among the Zora and the Gerudo). So basically, Zelda's time traveling was more of a predestined event. She didn't create alternate timelines like the Flash did because she effectively came from a timeline where the events of her eventual travels were already part of the world she lives in. She HAD to go back in order for the events to unfold as they were supposed to. Arguably the best evidence of that is the fact that we see the sealed Ganondorf before she time travels, and then her time traveling didn't actually change anything we knew about that time, Ganondorf still gets sealed and released, the sages are all just ancestors of the champions (or at least the second string champions, since I can't actually confirm if Rivali and Teba/Tulin are related), and no significant changes were noticed otherwise.

The real mind-f*ck comes when you start asking questions about the Shiekah towers (and to a lesser degree the divine beasts, guardians, and shrines). We see one guardian on top of the Hateno research lab, so we know they still existed in this timeline, and most people assume that the shrines, guardians, towers, and divine beasts were either scrapped entirely or cannibalized to create the new lookout towers, and there's some evidence for that, but the trickiest part is the revisiting the sites where the Shiekah towers were in BotW. Several of those towers left scars, like bursting up through solid stone mountains, and yet those same solid stone mountains seem untouched in TotK. One even has a giant skull where the tower should be, and inside is a hole that shows the spine of that giant, implying that the giant was basically buried standing up in that location, which would not make sense of a tower had sprang up through that location. There's a good video about it on YouTube, made by someone called Gossip Geist about 3 weeks ago, title something like "What Happened To Hyrule," thumbnail was just the back of Link and Zelda's heads staring out at Hyrule. Highly recommend it, one of the only Zelda theory videos I've seen lately that didn't actually aggravate the hell out of me.
    the thing about time travel in Tears of the Kingdom is, according to the game the sky islands appeared suddenly, as did the light dragon, after the upheaval. the upheaval was that moment Ganondorf awoke, and Zelda traveled back in time. So it seems that nintendo's approach is that the light dragon, the geoglyphs, and the sky islands, which were a direct result of Zelda's actions in the past, were paradoxically not present until after the moment she traveled back in time, with the citizens of Hyrule recognizing that this is a new development. Yet the Zonai Research Team's archeological discoveries would suggest that these things that no one had seen before and had no memory of prior to Zelda's disappearance, had somehow always been there. not how we would usually consider the effects of time travel, but that seems to be nintendo's approach. Not a fan of the approach personally, but it's Nintendo's game and they'll do what they want.
 That said, just because the direct results of Zelda's actions just suddenly came into being (the sky islands were a plan she made with Mineru using Zonai Technology, so I would argue they are still a direct result of her actions) it  could still mean the downstream effects of zelda's actions aka the timeline altering/merging, could happen the way we usually perceive time travel in media: being something perceived as having always been that way. 

 I will concede WHEN Zelda landed could conceivably be after the Calamity depicted on the Sheikah tablet -mainly because the opposing arm on the aspect of the ancient hero perfectly matches Rauru's arm, to suggest that the ancient hero is a young Rauru. It would actually explain how Rauru and Sonia bonded, coming together to defeat a primordial evil, and why the people of Hyrule would support his kingship: after all he just saved them all. But there is still VERY strong evidence to support that Zelda's memories take place before Skyward Sword. Firstly is the fact that Rauru's title is The High King, the FIRST king, the FOUNDER of Hyrule. This means these events have to take place before any game where the Kingdom of Hyrule was already established. And I would argue that even in Skward Sword, the Kingdom already existed. but it was a Kingdom in ruin that had been ravaged by Demise, with the surviving Hylians fleeing to the sky, where they remained so long they forgot why they were even there in the first place.

But Demise is itself proof that Zelda's memories have to take place prior. Demise is known as the Demon King, the creator of Monsters. In Zelda's memories, we see Ganondorf assume the title of Demon King, and create the monsters- A feat attributed to Demise.When he corrupts Sonia's Sage Stone and ascends to become the Demon King, Ganondorf's appearance also changes, and he bears very strong resemblance to Demise. So it seems clear to me that this Ganondorf is the origin of Demise, rather than a reincarnation of Demise. Because if Ganondorf was a reincarnation, he would not need to create the Monsters as Demise would have already done so. 

In one of Zelda's memories, she surmises that based on her knowledge of Hylian History, Rauru and the Sages are doomed to fail in their confrontation with Ganondorf, and the game gives us no reason to believe she is wrong in this conclusion. In such a timeline that those events played out as Zelda believed they would, a Ganondorf with no one to oppose him would feasibly run roughshod over the helpless Kingdom of Hyrule, continuing to grow in power as he went. Perhaps taking on a new appearance as his power grows, and a new name- Demise. At that point a band of surviving Hylians could feasibly use the Zonai Tech of their now dead king to raise the land into the sky to flee. Ganondorf/Demise would continue to dominate the land, until Hylia herself intervenes and seals him. And so the original Zelda Timeline would persist.

But that's not what happens. Rauru pointed out to Zelda that things may not play out to her expectations, because they did not have Zelda before. Because of Zelda assisting the sages, as well as her warnings about the future, Ganondorf was sealed by the sages, even if it was at great cost. So now this event that's foundational to the Zelda timeline as we knew it plays out VERY differently. That is why I argue the Depths could be Lowrule/twilight Realm in this version of the timeline. Because thanks to Zelda's interference in history, everything is different and our knowledge of past events can no longer be trusted.

Side note, since Zelda warned of Ganondorf's return and was putting plans in motion to prepare for it, it's possible this could be the prophecy of the return of the Calamity mentioned in Breath of the Wild.


But also, part of the reason I believe in this theory so strongly is because of an interview I read some years back with Shigeru Miyamoto, well before Breath of the Wild was even announced. In this interview he said their initial concept for The Legend of Zelda 2 was that Link would go into a stasis or coma, and would reawaken far, far into the future, where thered be laser guns and beam swords and robots and aliens. But they felt the technology in gaming was not yet where they could tell that story in a way that they would be satisfied with it. Every game since the original legend of Zelda has basically just been plan B, because Plan A they felt they couldn't make yet.  What he described is almost a 1 for 1 of Breath of the Wild. So if Breath of the Wild is the true Zelda sequel they always wanted to make, and everything since the original Legend of Zelda was just a compromise, I wouldn't be surprised if Zelda pulling a Flashpoint in Tears of the Kingdom is Nintendo's way of performing a soft reboot of the franchise, decanonizing every game that came before so they can move forward with the story they want to tell unshackled from old lore. 

I'm going to try to see if I can find a link to the interview, so you know I'm not just talking out of my ass on this one....

So I can't finda specific interview, and my details seemed to have been a bit off, but there's a lot of concept art and conversation that the first legend of Zelda seemingly was planned to have an alternate, Sci fi map, with Link moving between the two via time travel. this concept was revisited in Link to the past during development where link would collect microchips instead of Triforce pieces. The name Link was meant to be a reference to the link between the past and future.  If you think about it, this concept of link visiting multiple worlds/time periods seems to be a recurring element of Zelda stories. actual time travel in OoT, oracle of ages, Breath of the Wild, Skyward Sword, alternate worlds in LttP, Majora's Mask, Link Between Worlds, Twilight Princess, arguably TotK as well when looking at the Sky Islands and the Depths.

I can't reliably support my claim that BotW was the Zelda game they "always wanted to make" though, so I withdraw it. I believe even without meta analysis the theory has legs, though.
        I'll grant that overall the theory isn't bad at all. I just think that at the moment is has way too many assumptions. Don't get me wrong, assumptions are a great starting point for any theory, but after that you have to be able to find the supporting evidence, and the Zelda timeline has way too many blank spaces for theory crafting, making it really hard to backup any theory that strays too far from the path.

Honestly, I believe you about BotW being the game they wanted to make in the beginning, or at least something close to it. I feel like I recall something to that effect in my own readings over the years. And I even have a similar theory about the idea of these two games being a soft reboot of sorts, but my theory steps out of the games a bit. Basically, I think the developers want to get away from the timeline aspect altogether, and so they're throwing as much confusing references as possible into one or two games and then refusing to comment on it, likely as a way of saying "Stop worrying about the timeline and just enjoy the games." In that regard, alternate timelines or not, I think BotW was designed not to fit into the timeline on purpose.

I still can't fully endorse a few things, like the Depths being the new version of the previously established alternate worlds. I don't see how it makes sense that in previous games these worlds were separated by magic portals with each having unique biomes, lighting and inhabitants, and now it's just "dig a hole." I'll grant that the idea for the Depths was probably inspired by all of the games that have Hyrule parallels, but I don't think the Depths were meant to take their place, more like joining their ranks. Likewise, I also initially questioned if Ganondorf could be the origin of Demise, and that the game might take place before Skyward Sword, but a lot of people have pointed out that apparently the actual naming of the Kingdom/land of Hyrule didn't take place until after Skyward Sword, and since Demise was also sealed below ground by Hylia it would make things messy if we try to make sense of the TotK Ganondorf being Demise. Originally when I assumed the flashbacks took place just AFTER Skyward Sword, I imagined that the reason Ganondorf looked so much like Demise was because it was a recent thing, the power of the curse, of the hatred of Demise, was so pure and fresh, and with the power of the stone amping that up, he basically was the second coming of Demise. Even still, there's just as much if not more evidence of the Flashbacks taking place in the far flung future prior to the initial calamity. There's just too many inconsistencies and unknowns for us to commit to any theory really. If for no other reason than the time gaps. All of real world human civilization has taken place in a gap of about 7,000 years (Mesopotamians and Sumerians, not talking about Homo Sapiens, etc). If all of human history fits within 7,000 years, how are we supposed to theorize about a timeline with at least one 10,000 year gap at the end, let alone dozens of gaps of unknown size in between? One of the things people point to when they say that TotK takes place before BotW is that the geography in the flashbacks clearly shows certain areas that are identical to BotW, while other games are drastically different. Personally, I don't consider Hyrule's geography as evidence, because if it were, the amount of time between games would have to be millions of years to account for the level of geographic shift that we see, and I do not want to go there. (I suppose the other evidence of this placement was the existence of the Molduga, saying that as often as we see deserts in Zelda we have never seen Molduga until BotW and TotK, but if Demise and Ganondorf can summon monsters, I can't personally consider the monsters as evidence, they're just extensions of the will of whoever summoned them.)

I also don't explicitly recall Zelda making plans with Mineru about creating the sky islands. My understanding of them in the game was that they "suddenly appeared" in the way that optical illusions might suddenly appeared when staring at something. Like, perhaps they were somehow cloaked in the sky, and the upheaval revealed them. However the only evidence of that is that even BotW had Zonai ruins on the south (which arguably make less sense after TotK), so it's not like the Zonai were a new thing to the people of Hyrule, they just didn't know the islands were up there. It also just occurred to me that further evidence of the Sky Islands always having been there but only just now being noticed is that we KNOW the upheaval did something to the Sky Islands, because they were literally falling out of the sky in some areas. Kakariko with the big rings was the most noticable, but also just the little random chunks that were falling all over the place. Something about the upheaval was bringing the Sky Islands down. Maybe they used to be higher? Like if they were all up around the layer where gravity gets weaker? If you try to look up into the sky in the game to see the islands that are that high up you still can't see them, and you're actively looking as opposed to citizens who are trying to rebuild their kingdom after a century of destruction. Either way, it's impossible to prove that the Sky Islands weren't always there.

I don't know, like I said it's all merky right now. Too much we don't know, too much of what we know contradicting itself, causing too many assumptions to try and fix it.
            I will admit time gaps and the lack of concrete evidence makes it more of "which is more plausible". I still hold that  the past HAS to be before Skyward Sword and that Ganondorf is the precursor to Demise, because we see Ganondorf create the monsters. In any scenario where  Ganondorf comes after Demise, the monsters already exist because Demise made them. 

The one thing I will push back on is the concept that TotK occurs before BotW, because we do have ample, HARD evidence to the contrary. your horses from Breath persist across save files, and if you completed the DLC  the portrait Link hangs up in the house is still there in TotK. Tulin, Riju, Yunobo and Sidon all are older in TotK, and all of them remember Link, whereas in BotW the only one who was old enough to have any memory of Link was Sidon. It's stated that the statue of Mipha was moved from Zora's Domain to Mipha's landing in TotK, and a new statue memorializing Sidon and Link saving Zora's Domain was constructed, which is an event from BotW. Impa has stepped down from leadership at Kakariko, and Payah is now in charge. The Zora King stepped down, and Sidon is now Zora King. All of the old champions are dead in TotK, whereas Link's memories show them alive before BotW. Tarry Town exists already in TotK with Hudson having a wife and Child, whereas you help him build Terry Town and see him get married in BotW. These events would make zero sense if they occurred in reverse, and honestly i could probably name a dozen more.  But the most damning evidence is the school in Hateno Village. Zelda built the school, and it's a structure that did not exist in BotW. Plus the teacher's history lesson is basically a summary of the events of BotW.  The lack of a geographic mark for the sheikah technology as evidence of TotK being a prequel is nothing compared to the proof TotK is a sequel. Besides, it would make just as little sense if TotK was a prequel and all the ancient sheikah towers and shrines just suddenly appeared from literally nowhere.
            As for Zelda conspiring with Mineru to make the sky islands, I believe they discuss it in one of her later memories. but also, Zelda's handmaiden discusses it at length in her memoirs that you have translated from the sky islands for that one Zonai researcher in Kakariko.
    As for the geological impact of the towers from Breath of the Wild seemingly disappearing as if they never happened, I have no explanation for that, at least not one that could be explsined by the story. In my search to find supporting evidence for my meta claim though, I did find the transcript of an interview given to a Japanese magazine where it was stated they prioritize gameplay over continuity, that they don't mind if the details of the stories and their continuity don't line up perfectly, so long as the gameplay is good and the continuity breaks aren't so severe as to be jarring. They'd probably write off the unexplained complete and total erasure that sheikah Tech even existed as an unimportant detail.
        This I have heard and agree with. I think it supports my "F the timeline" theory.
Ikr? My reaction: oh neat L and Z are gonna get into hijinks, maybe run into a monster or somethi-JESUS FUCKING CHRIST WHAT THE FUCK WHEN DID I PUT RE9 ON???
    Lmao you wish this was as scary as a hypothetical RE9.
The Deku Palace is one of my favorite places in the whole franchise (color, structure, music, it's all good) so I definitely see what you mean when discussing the colors. I guess I've never thought so much about the color palette for the different areas. When I think about MM's style, the main thing that sticks out to me is the use of patterns and geometric shapes. I thought that was fantastically done. The intricate patterns of the clock tower is imprinted on my mind, and there's quite a few other areas where they're used in really cool ways.

In the end, i still prefer TP – probably has something to do with my love of inkwash art, as well (monotone colors and limited palette my beloved).
the thing about time travel in Tears of the Kingdom is, according to the game the sky islands appeared suddenly, as did the light dragon, after the upheaval. the upheaval was that moment Ganondorf awoke, and Zelda traveled back in time. So it seems that nintendo's approach is that the light dragon, the geoglyphs, and the sky islands, which were a direct result of Zelda's actions in the past, were paradoxically not present until after the moment she traveled back in time, with the citizens of Hyrule recognizing that this is a new development. Yet the Zonai Research Team's archeological discoveries would suggest that these things that no one had seen before and had no memory of prior to Zelda's disappearance, had somehow always been there. not how we would usually consider the effects of time travel, but that seems to be nintendo's approach. Not a fan of the approach personally, but it's Nintendo's game and they'll do what they want.
 That said, just because the direct results of Zelda's actions just suddenly came into being (the sky islands were a plan she made with Mineru using Zonai Technology, so I would argue they are still a direct result of her actions) it  could still mean the downstream effects of zelda's actions aka the timeline altering/merging, could happen the way we usually perceive time travel in media: being something perceived as having always been that way. 

 I will concede WHEN Zelda landed could conceivably be after the Calamity depicted on the Sheikah tablet -mainly because the opposing arm on the aspect of the ancient hero perfectly matches Rauru's arm, to suggest that the ancient hero is a young Rauru. It would actually explain how Rauru and Sonia bonded, coming together to defeat a primordial evil, and why the people of Hyrule would support his kingship: after all he just saved them all. But there is still VERY strong evidence to support that Zelda's memories take place before Skyward Sword. Firstly is the fact that Rauru's title is The High King, the FIRST king, the FOUNDER of Hyrule. This means these events have to take place before any game where the Kingdom of Hyrule was already established. And I would argue that even in Skward Sword, the Kingdom already existed. but it was a Kingdom in ruin that had been ravaged by Demise, with the surviving Hylians fleeing to the sky, where they remained so long they forgot why they were even there in the first place.

But Demise is itself proof that Zelda's memories have to take place prior. Demise is known as the Demon King, the creator of Monsters. In Zelda's memories, we see Ganondorf assume the title of Demon King, and create the monsters- A feat attributed to Demise.When he corrupts Sonia's Sage Stone and ascends to become the Demon King, Ganondorf's appearance also changes, and he bears very strong resemblance to Demise. So it seems clear to me that this Ganondorf is the origin of Demise, rather than a reincarnation of Demise. Because if Ganondorf was a reincarnation, he would not need to create the Monsters as Demise would have already done so. 

In one of Zelda's memories, she surmises that based on her knowledge of Hylian History, Rauru and the Sages are doomed to fail in their confrontation with Ganondorf, and the game gives us no reason to believe she is wrong in this conclusion. In such a timeline that those events played out as Zelda believed they would, a Ganondorf with no one to oppose him would feasibly run roughshod over the helpless Kingdom of Hyrule, continuing to grow in power as he went. Perhaps taking on a new appearance as his power grows, and a new name- Demise. At that point a band of surviving Hylians could feasibly use the Zonai Tech of their now dead king to raise the land into the sky to flee. Ganondorf/Demise would continue to dominate the land, until Hylia herself intervenes and seals him. And so the original Zelda Timeline would persist.

But that's not what happens. Rauru pointed out to Zelda that things may not play out to her expectations, because they did not have Zelda before. Because of Zelda assisting the sages, as well as her warnings about the future, Ganondorf was sealed by the sages, even if it was at great cost. So now this event that's foundational to the Zelda timeline as we knew it plays out VERY differently. That is why I argue the Depths could be Lowrule/twilight Realm in this version of the timeline. Because thanks to Zelda's interference in history, everything is different and our knowledge of past events can no longer be trusted.

Side note, since Zelda warned of Ganondorf's return and was putting plans in motion to prepare for it, it's possible this could be the prophecy of the return of the Calamity mentioned in Breath of the Wild.


But also, part of the reason I believe in this theory so strongly is because of an interview I read some years back with Shigeru Miyamoto, well before Breath of the Wild was even announced. In this interview he said their initial concept for The Legend of Zelda 2 was that Link would go into a stasis or coma, and would reawaken far, far into the future, where thered be laser guns and beam swords and robots and aliens. But they felt the technology in gaming was not yet where they could tell that story in a way that they would be satisfied with it. Every game since the original legend of Zelda has basically just been plan B, because Plan A they felt they couldn't make yet.  What he described is almost a 1 for 1 of Breath of the Wild. So if Breath of the Wild is the true Zelda sequel they always wanted to make, and everything since the original Legend of Zelda was just a compromise, I wouldn't be surprised if Zelda pulling a Flashpoint in Tears of the Kingdom is Nintendo's way of performing a soft reboot of the franchise, decanonizing every game that came before so they can move forward with the story they want to tell unshackled from old lore. 

I'm going to try to see if I can find a link to the interview, so you know I'm not just talking out of my ass on this one....

So I can't finda specific interview, and my details seemed to have been a bit off, but there's a lot of concept art and conversation that the first legend of Zelda seemingly was planned to have an alternate, Sci fi map, with Link moving between the two via time travel. this concept was revisited in Link to the past during development where link would collect microchips instead of Triforce pieces. The name Link was meant to be a reference to the link between the past and future.  If you think about it, this concept of link visiting multiple worlds/time periods seems to be a recurring element of Zelda stories. actual time travel in OoT, oracle of ages, Breath of the Wild, Skyward Sword, alternate worlds in LttP, Majora's Mask, Link Between Worlds, Twilight Princess, arguably TotK as well when looking at the Sky Islands and the Depths.

I can't reliably support my claim that BotW was the Zelda game they "always wanted to make" though, so I withdraw it. I believe even without meta analysis the theory has legs, though.
    I'll grant that overall the theory isn't bad at all. I just think that at the moment is has way too many assumptions. Don't get me wrong, assumptions are a great starting point for any theory, but after that you have to be able to find the supporting evidence, and the Zelda timeline has way too many blank spaces for theory crafting, making it really hard to backup any theory that strays too far from the path.

Honestly, I believe you about BotW being the game they wanted to make in the beginning, or at least something close to it. I feel like I recall something to that effect in my own readings over the years. And I even have a similar theory about the idea of these two games being a soft reboot of sorts, but my theory steps out of the games a bit. Basically, I think the developers want to get away from the timeline aspect altogether, and so they're throwing as much confusing references as possible into one or two games and then refusing to comment on it, likely as a way of saying "Stop worrying about the timeline and just enjoy the games." In that regard, alternate timelines or not, I think BotW was designed not to fit into the timeline on purpose.

I still can't fully endorse a few things, like the Depths being the new version of the previously established alternate worlds. I don't see how it makes sense that in previous games these worlds were separated by magic portals with each having unique biomes, lighting and inhabitants, and now it's just "dig a hole." I'll grant that the idea for the Depths was probably inspired by all of the games that have Hyrule parallels, but I don't think the Depths were meant to take their place, more like joining their ranks. Likewise, I also initially questioned if Ganondorf could be the origin of Demise, and that the game might take place before Skyward Sword, but a lot of people have pointed out that apparently the actual naming of the Kingdom/land of Hyrule didn't take place until after Skyward Sword, and since Demise was also sealed below ground by Hylia it would make things messy if we try to make sense of the TotK Ganondorf being Demise. Originally when I assumed the flashbacks took place just AFTER Skyward Sword, I imagined that the reason Ganondorf looked so much like Demise was because it was a recent thing, the power of the curse, of the hatred of Demise, was so pure and fresh, and with the power of the stone amping that up, he basically was the second coming of Demise. Even still, there's just as much if not more evidence of the Flashbacks taking place in the far flung future prior to the initial calamity. There's just too many inconsistencies and unknowns for us to commit to any theory really. If for no other reason than the time gaps. All of real world human civilization has taken place in a gap of about 7,000 years (Mesopotamians and Sumerians, not talking about Homo Sapiens, etc). If all of human history fits within 7,000 years, how are we supposed to theorize about a timeline with at least one 10,000 year gap at the end, let alone dozens of gaps of unknown size in between? One of the things people point to when they say that TotK takes place before BotW is that the geography in the flashbacks clearly shows certain areas that are identical to BotW, while other games are drastically different. Personally, I don't consider Hyrule's geography as evidence, because if it were, the amount of time between games would have to be millions of years to account for the level of geographic shift that we see, and I do not want to go there. (I suppose the other evidence of this placement was the existence of the Molduga, saying that as often as we see deserts in Zelda we have never seen Molduga until BotW and TotK, but if Demise and Ganondorf can summon monsters, I can't personally consider the monsters as evidence, they're just extensions of the will of whoever summoned them.)

I also don't explicitly recall Zelda making plans with Mineru about creating the sky islands. My understanding of them in the game was that they "suddenly appeared" in the way that optical illusions might suddenly appeared when staring at something. Like, perhaps they were somehow cloaked in the sky, and the upheaval revealed them. However the only evidence of that is that even BotW had Zonai ruins on the south (which arguably make less sense after TotK), so it's not like the Zonai were a new thing to the people of Hyrule, they just didn't know the islands were up there. It also just occurred to me that further evidence of the Sky Islands always having been there but only just now being noticed is that we KNOW the upheaval did something to the Sky Islands, because they were literally falling out of the sky in some areas. Kakariko with the big rings was the most noticable, but also just the little random chunks that were falling all over the place. Something about the upheaval was bringing the Sky Islands down. Maybe they used to be higher? Like if they were all up around the layer where gravity gets weaker? If you try to look up into the sky in the game to see the islands that are that high up you still can't see them, and you're actively looking as opposed to citizens who are trying to rebuild their kingdom after a century of destruction. Either way, it's impossible to prove that the Sky Islands weren't always there.

I don't know, like I said it's all merky right now. Too much we don't know, too much of what we know contradicting itself, causing too many assumptions to try and fix it.
        I will admit time gaps and the lack of concrete evidence makes it more of "which is more plausible". I still hold that  the past HAS to be before Skyward Sword and that Ganondorf is the precursor to Demise, because we see Ganondorf create the monsters. In any scenario where  Ganondorf comes after Demise, the monsters already exist because Demise made them. 

The one thing I will push back on is the concept that TotK occurs before BotW, because we do have ample, HARD evidence to the contrary. your horses from Breath persist across save files, and if you completed the DLC  the portrait Link hangs up in the house is still there in TotK. Tulin, Riju, Yunobo and Sidon all are older in TotK, and all of them remember Link, whereas in BotW the only one who was old enough to have any memory of Link was Sidon. It's stated that the statue of Mipha was moved from Zora's Domain to Mipha's landing in TotK, and a new statue memorializing Sidon and Link saving Zora's Domain was constructed, which is an event from BotW. Impa has stepped down from leadership at Kakariko, and Payah is now in charge. The Zora King stepped down, and Sidon is now Zora King. All of the old champions are dead in TotK, whereas Link's memories show them alive before BotW. Tarry Town exists already in TotK with Hudson having a wife and Child, whereas you help him build Terry Town and see him get married in BotW. These events would make zero sense if they occurred in reverse, and honestly i could probably name a dozen more.  But the most damning evidence is the school in Hateno Village. Zelda built the school, and it's a structure that did not exist in BotW. Plus the teacher's history lesson is basically a summary of the events of BotW.  The lack of a geographic mark for the sheikah technology as evidence of TotK being a prequel is nothing compared to the proof TotK is a sequel. Besides, it would make just as little sense if TotK was a prequel and all the ancient sheikah towers and shrines just suddenly appeared from literally nowhere.
        As for Zelda conspiring with Mineru to make the sky islands, I believe they discuss it in one of her later memories. but also, Zelda's handmaiden discusses it at length in her memoirs that you have translated from the sky islands for that one Zonai researcher in Kakariko.
As for the geological impact of the towers from Breath of the Wild seemingly disappearing as if they never happened, I have no explanation for that, at least not one that could be explsined by the story. In my search to find supporting evidence for my meta claim though, I did find the transcript of an interview given to a Japanese magazine where it was stated they prioritize gameplay over continuity, that they don't mind if the details of the stories and their continuity don't line up perfectly, so long as the gameplay is good and the continuity breaks aren't so severe as to be jarring. They'd probably write off the unexplained complete and total erasure that sheikah Tech even existed as an unimportant detail.
    This I have heard and agree with. I think it supports my "F the timeline" theory.
Lmao you wish this was as scary as a hypothetical RE9.
I'll grant that overall the theory isn't bad at all. I just think that at the moment is has way too many assumptions. Don't get me wrong, assumptions are a great starting point for any theory, but after that you have to be able to find the supporting evidence, and the Zelda timeline has way too many blank spaces for theory crafting, making it really hard to backup any theory that strays too far from the path.

Honestly, I believe you about BotW being the game they wanted to make in the beginning, or at least something close to it. I feel like I recall something to that effect in my own readings over the years. And I even have a similar theory about the idea of these two games being a soft reboot of sorts, but my theory steps out of the games a bit. Basically, I think the developers want to get away from the timeline aspect altogether, and so they're throwing as much confusing references as possible into one or two games and then refusing to comment on it, likely as a way of saying "Stop worrying about the timeline and just enjoy the games." In that regard, alternate timelines or not, I think BotW was designed not to fit into the timeline on purpose.

I still can't fully endorse a few things, like the Depths being the new version of the previously established alternate worlds. I don't see how it makes sense that in previous games these worlds were separated by magic portals with each having unique biomes, lighting and inhabitants, and now it's just "dig a hole." I'll grant that the idea for the Depths was probably inspired by all of the games that have Hyrule parallels, but I don't think the Depths were meant to take their place, more like joining their ranks. Likewise, I also initially questioned if Ganondorf could be the origin of Demise, and that the game might take place before Skyward Sword, but a lot of people have pointed out that apparently the actual naming of the Kingdom/land of Hyrule didn't take place until after Skyward Sword, and since Demise was also sealed below ground by Hylia it would make things messy if we try to make sense of the TotK Ganondorf being Demise. Originally when I assumed the flashbacks took place just AFTER Skyward Sword, I imagined that the reason Ganondorf looked so much like Demise was because it was a recent thing, the power of the curse, of the hatred of Demise, was so pure and fresh, and with the power of the stone amping that up, he basically was the second coming of Demise. Even still, there's just as much if not more evidence of the Flashbacks taking place in the far flung future prior to the initial calamity. There's just too many inconsistencies and unknowns for us to commit to any theory really. If for no other reason than the time gaps. All of real world human civilization has taken place in a gap of about 7,000 years (Mesopotamians and Sumerians, not talking about Homo Sapiens, etc). If all of human history fits within 7,000 years, how are we supposed to theorize about a timeline with at least one 10,000 year gap at the end, let alone dozens of gaps of unknown size in between? One of the things people point to when they say that TotK takes place before BotW is that the geography in the flashbacks clearly shows certain areas that are identical to BotW, while other games are drastically different. Personally, I don't consider Hyrule's geography as evidence, because if it were, the amount of time between games would have to be millions of years to account for the level of geographic shift that we see, and I do not want to go there. (I suppose the other evidence of this placement was the existence of the Molduga, saying that as often as we see deserts in Zelda we have never seen Molduga until BotW and TotK, but if Demise and Ganondorf can summon monsters, I can't personally consider the monsters as evidence, they're just extensions of the will of whoever summoned them.)

I also don't explicitly recall Zelda making plans with Mineru about creating the sky islands. My understanding of them in the game was that they "suddenly appeared" in the way that optical illusions might suddenly appeared when staring at something. Like, perhaps they were somehow cloaked in the sky, and the upheaval revealed them. However the only evidence of that is that even BotW had Zonai ruins on the south (which arguably make less sense after TotK), so it's not like the Zonai were a new thing to the people of Hyrule, they just didn't know the islands were up there. It also just occurred to me that further evidence of the Sky Islands always having been there but only just now being noticed is that we KNOW the upheaval did something to the Sky Islands, because they were literally falling out of the sky in some areas. Kakariko with the big rings was the most noticable, but also just the little random chunks that were falling all over the place. Something about the upheaval was bringing the Sky Islands down. Maybe they used to be higher? Like if they were all up around the layer where gravity gets weaker? If you try to look up into the sky in the game to see the islands that are that high up you still can't see them, and you're actively looking as opposed to citizens who are trying to rebuild their kingdom after a century of destruction. Either way, it's impossible to prove that the Sky Islands weren't always there.

I don't know, like I said it's all merky right now. Too much we don't know, too much of what we know contradicting itself, causing too many assumptions to try and fix it.
    I will admit time gaps and the lack of concrete evidence makes it more of "which is more plausible". I still hold that  the past HAS to be before Skyward Sword and that Ganondorf is the precursor to Demise, because we see Ganondorf create the monsters. In any scenario where  Ganondorf comes after Demise, the monsters already exist because Demise made them. 

The one thing I will push back on is the concept that TotK occurs before BotW, because we do have ample, HARD evidence to the contrary. your horses from Breath persist across save files, and if you completed the DLC  the portrait Link hangs up in the house is still there in TotK. Tulin, Riju, Yunobo and Sidon all are older in TotK, and all of them remember Link, whereas in BotW the only one who was old enough to have any memory of Link was Sidon. It's stated that the statue of Mipha was moved from Zora's Domain to Mipha's landing in TotK, and a new statue memorializing Sidon and Link saving Zora's Domain was constructed, which is an event from BotW. Impa has stepped down from leadership at Kakariko, and Payah is now in charge. The Zora King stepped down, and Sidon is now Zora King. All of the old champions are dead in TotK, whereas Link's memories show them alive before BotW. Tarry Town exists already in TotK with Hudson having a wife and Child, whereas you help him build Terry Town and see him get married in BotW. These events would make zero sense if they occurred in reverse, and honestly i could probably name a dozen more.  But the most damning evidence is the school in Hateno Village. Zelda built the school, and it's a structure that did not exist in BotW. Plus the teacher's history lesson is basically a summary of the events of BotW.  The lack of a geographic mark for the sheikah technology as evidence of TotK being a prequel is nothing compared to the proof TotK is a sequel. Besides, it would make just as little sense if TotK was a prequel and all the ancient sheikah towers and shrines just suddenly appeared from literally nowhere.
    As for Zelda conspiring with Mineru to make the sky islands, I believe they discuss it in one of her later memories. but also, Zelda's handmaiden discusses it at length in her memoirs that you have translated from the sky islands for that one Zonai researcher in Kakariko.
This I have heard and agree with. I think it supports my "F the timeline" theory.
I will admit time gaps and the lack of concrete evidence makes it more of "which is more plausible". I still hold that  the past HAS to be before Skyward Sword and that Ganondorf is the precursor to Demise, because we see Ganondorf create the monsters. In any scenario where  Ganondorf comes after Demise, the monsters already exist because Demise made them. 

The one thing I will push back on is the concept that TotK occurs before BotW, because we do have ample, HARD evidence to the contrary. your horses from Breath persist across save files, and if you completed the DLC  the portrait Link hangs up in the house is still there in TotK. Tulin, Riju, Yunobo and Sidon all are older in TotK, and all of them remember Link, whereas in BotW the only one who was old enough to have any memory of Link was Sidon. It's stated that the statue of Mipha was moved from Zora's Domain to Mipha's landing in TotK, and a new statue memorializing Sidon and Link saving Zora's Domain was constructed, which is an event from BotW. Impa has stepped down from leadership at Kakariko, and Payah is now in charge. The Zora King stepped down, and Sidon is now Zora King. All of the old champions are dead in TotK, whereas Link's memories show them alive before BotW. Tarry Town exists already in TotK with Hudson having a wife and Child, whereas you help him build Terry Town and see him get married in BotW. These events would make zero sense if they occurred in reverse, and honestly i could probably name a dozen more.  But the most damning evidence is the school in Hateno Village. Zelda built the school, and it's a structure that did not exist in BotW. Plus the teacher's history lesson is basically a summary of the events of BotW.  The lack of a geographic mark for the sheikah technology as evidence of TotK being a prequel is nothing compared to the proof TotK is a sequel. Besides, it would make just as little sense if TotK was a prequel and all the ancient sheikah towers and shrines just suddenly appeared from literally nowhere.
As for Zelda conspiring with Mineru to make the sky islands, I believe they discuss it in one of her later memories. but also, Zelda's handmaiden discusses it at length in her memoirs that you have translated from the sky islands for that one Zonai researcher in Kakariko.
