[[Raiden Mei Herrscher of Thunder or Origin]]


Hi just like the title, having trouble decided between the 2 since it's a reward for the "This is a Fresh New Journey" event. If I choose one, is there a future possibility of getting the other one further down the line? Always been a fan of Genshin's Raiden so leaning more towards Thunder but Origin looks nice. Is there a playstyle difference?


free herrscher of origin next patch i think and her gear coming in next battlepass too fyi
Yes. HoT is PSY-type, which means that she deals 30% more dmg to MECH-type enemies and 30% less dmg to BIO-type enemies. HoT is also an ancient battlesuit, released nearly 4 years ago. You also need a specific gacha-only weapon (Seven Thunders of Retribution) and forgeable but extremely grindy stigmatas to get the most out of her dmg. You'll also need to rank her up to S2-SS level to get her to remain competitive. 

It also doesn't help that she's technically been powercrept by Luna (Crimson Love or smth) who can deal both Lightning AND Bleed dmg. 

HoO, on the other end, really only shines in Herrscher Trio teams, which require 2 other gacha characters (Herrschers of Finality and Truth). She can still be used as a decent lightning dmg dealer, especially with her time-stop abilities, but her QTE and rotations really suffer a loss outside of Herrscher Trio teams.

I'd technically advise you to go for HoO, since at least she's a relatively newer character, but don't let a stranger on the Internet decide for you. This is just my opinion based on my own experience of having owned and used both Mei battlesuits. HoT is farmable from the War Treasury, so you'd probably have enough currency to get her after a while
You can do their trial and decide which one you like more. But HoO will be given for free in the near future
HoT:*Turns into HoO*

Kurikara:"Adios"
So just finished the Login today and to my surprise, I didn't see any of the final forms (HoO) so I went with Thunder. Hopefully if yall are correct, we'll eventually get a free Origin some time in the futre
From a pure playstyle perspective Origin is much faster in her attacks and cuts through her enemies a lot quicker. Origin ultimate let's you cut through hordes of enemies at a time (during which time challenges do jot tick down) while thunder let's you control a big ass dragon.

Regarding powers Origin is probably a lot stronger, but in this games meta every character is useless without their signature weapon and stigma so it probably won't make too much difference there.

Which brings me to the last part: availability. Herscher of Thunder is a much older valkyrie so there is a high chance you can get her in a future event while Origin is one of the newer ones you usually can only pull from the gacha. There IS currently a rumor going on that we might get another free Herrscher of Origin as a reward in a future patch, but I'm not sure how much I should trust it yet.
I quit the game because every new thing is power-creeping. 

And HoO is added later than HoT. Need I say more? 

Side joke, there was a time where the TW branch did a mini game of "what Herrscher are you?", and one of the outcome is like, "Herrscher of Rice" sth with mei cooking as image.
Design wise herrscher of thunder feels better to play and imo looks better but in terms of meta pick origin
