[[Greatest game of all time]]





Dear gamers. Its completely fine to play on any difficulty you want. Its not a competition, its about having fun. Many find the challenge of higher difficulties in games fun and rewarding (myself included), others find more fun in other aspects. Its all subjective.
    Shadow Warrior 2 had the best description for easy. "At the end of the day, we all just wanna have fun feel like a hero, and that's all that's important here". It doesn't mock you, but encourages the easy difficulty
        Larian studios called their easiest mode “story mode” (IIRC) “for those that just want to enjoy the story” which I thought was cool of them.
    I think it depends on the game too. Skyrim can be an overpowered power fantasy because that's the point. *It's the fucking Dragonborn.*

I play the modern God of War games on easy for the same reason. The Norse world is softer than the Greek one.
    Can’t argue with that!
Post it on a billboard near Winterhold to finally bring some warmth to the place
    If someone doesn't make a mod for this I'm not gonna die in peace
    Savage
    But why put a billboard where nobody will see it?
I'm autistic and I often have problems with FPS games and such. I get stressed from all the loud gunfire and I get lost incredibly easily even with compasses and maps. Skyrim has easy UI, a simple map and a compass that's worked better for me than most games as well as relatively quiet fighting. I think that's why I got into it so easily and why I'm having trouble getting into Oblivion and why Morrowind seems interesting but would probably be too hard for me. I've played it to the point where I can limit the weapons and armour I use, my current save is a no fast travel sword and magic combo on adept and I haven't gotten lost once which makes me really happy.

&#x200B;

I know Skyrim isn't perfect and a lot of fans of the older games don't like how simple it is compared to them, but it's perfect for me and I hope I can find mods for Oblivion and such to make it more accessible for me. I'm glad to see there are other people who have a similar experience with this game :)

&#x200B;

Thank you all for your lovely comments and the award, I didn't expect such a reaction from this! You're all so wonderful, I'm so glad to be in such a kind community!
    I played Skyrim first before Oblivion. In fact Skyrim was basically the first real Open World Single Player RPG I've ever played, before that I guess WoW but that's an MMO. I tried Oblivion more than a few times, couldn't really get into it at first until I actually sat down and forced myself to play for more than an hour. I began to actually really enjoy it. I'd say it's a lot easier to play than Skyrim, but still really enjoyable. The only real gripe for newcomers is the RP depth. You are better off choosing a build from the start so you don't have a bad time later on. Hope this gives you some motivation to try it out at least. Also Elder Scrolls lore is a lot of fun to get into if you haven't started already!
        I got Skyrim for Christmas last year , which was my first time ever playing an elder scrolls game, and by golly I’ve read every single book in the game, and I’ve fawned over elder scrolls lore channels. This shit is like a drug.

Edit: thank you guys for all the amazing suggestions! This community is awesome.
            If you are looking for lore books outside of Skyrim, give *Dark Elves, Dark Hearts* a read. It’s from ESO I believe. It’s my favorite piece of lore in Elder Scrolls, hands down. It’s the story of an Orc visiting Morrowind. Reading it in the Skyrim “Male Orc NPC” voice really does it for me lol.
                Haha yeah I’ll definitely give it a read!
            There’s a podcast where they just read through every book in Skyrim. Only annoying part is so many episodes are listening to a 35 second intro for 12 seconds of someone’s journal.
                What’s the podcast name? I need to listen to this
                    Looks like it is called Skyrim Book Club
                        Nice! Thank you so much!
                Yes, I need to batch download and automate something to snip out the first 30 seconds of the minute or two of total running length of each episode.
                    Please lmk if you crack that
            I did the exact same lol. Still do after almost 10 years. I got it early christmas of 2011 and I've bought the game 3 more times since that special gift, Special Edition on Xbone and recently PC, and the Switch Edition. Easily top 10 of my most favorite games of all time.
                I finally continued my file, havent played since 2013 on Xbox 360. Transferred my save to the PC Version, so glad I was able to continue and not start over! Missed this game so much!
                    Wow.... and here I am starting on a newly modded setup (moreso now... Wabbajack is like crack) every 6 months before real life gets in the way at around level 20 and I end up being a pleb in back in Riverwood/Falkreath again six months later.
                        I'm more like you, any time I've left a save alone for more than a couple of weeks I start over.
                            I have 3 SSE wabbajack sets and one LE version installed even now, and I am still not sure which one is "right" but I get them all mixed up and can't remember what I am doing. Time to start again at that campsite outside the Helgen cave.
                        ive dropped 300+ hours into the game on 360. def didint want to start over lol
                hehe, long time Elder Scrolls fan here, I started with TES: Arena (really ancient stuff) and got hooked.  Morrowind was crazy good, played both DLCs and still wanted more. Best of them all plot wise.  Oblivion changed up the style, it was such a bright flowery landscape where Morrowind was dark desert, but there was so much to do and so many places to go and I played that for years, till Skyrim came out in 2011.  Been playing Skyrim ever since, and that's where I got into modding.  It's really hard now to go back to the old graphics, I can't stand vanilla Skyrim now after modding it for so long. I wore out the old DVD disc and bought a replacement twice before buying Steam based legendary edition.  I still play constantly, always trying new mods, SE came free on Steam so I run that game as well and just switch back and forth. Thanks to modding the Skyrim I play now constantly changes with new content, which keeps it fresh and interesting.
                Yeah it’s so amazing. The community is also super great everyone is so nice. Everything about elder scrolls is awesome
            I have Skyrim on every console I own (pc/ps3/ps4/Xbox) but I have never gotten past level25 lol, the other day I was looking for a game for my switch because all I have are kiddy type games for it and I wanted an adventure. Lo and behold, Skyrim was on sale. Idk what about it being on switch is different but I can not put it down now, I’ve put maybe 30 hours into it in the past week and a half. Play it even at work and read the lore while I’m sitting there. It’s also helped me stay sober, so it’s a win win for me and it’s brought a light back into my life.
                I’m so happy it helped you stay sober! That’s awesome homie!
            >this shit is like a drug

Well, for starters, it was made on drugs.
            I love how deep the story goes and especially the mysteries like the Dwemer. I can’t wait to see what they will do with the next one. Make sure you guys eat healthy and exercise so we can all live long enough to play it
                The dwemner are the most interesting race to me by far!!
        Summer of 2006: My older cousin came over and pirated a bunch of the newest games onto my Dad’s PC for us. Before that I only really had access to the original Tomb Raider, Star Wars, and Wolfenstein games. 

Oblivion changed my 11 year-old life that summer, no joke. I was beyond blown away by the seemingly endless world, the customization, countless weapons and armour, and quests/enemies to find all over. I didn’t even use fast travel, I rode/ran everywhere. 

That game opened my eyes to the possibilities of computer technology, but it was also the spark that lead me into a lifelong obsession with the past, specifically medieval/ancient history.
            And then there was me when I got Morrowind when I was about twelve. I could say I loved the immersion, the lore but in reality I just loved bashing people over the head with a massive hammer then sleeping in their bed
                17yo me building a pillow fort on top of one of the guard towers in Balmora out of pillows I liberate during my travels.  In the middle, a giant tower of human skulls neatly stacked on top of each other rising into the sky.
        Don't forget playing on easy. I play to get away from my stress, and I don't want to worry about dying. Thankfully so many devs understand that.
            I know this is old, but legit curious here. If this is how you feel about media, then why play video games, or why play video games with enemies? Videogames from the start were made with challenge in mind, not really as a 'passive' experience, so it's somewhat odd to me that someone that feels this way would like playing videogames at all, or at least videogames with enemies or skill levels. Sorry if I'm coming off as argumentive or anything, not trying to, just genuinely curious about it.
                You might be interested in reading about [flow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)).  For some people, the effort vs. progress ratio is a bit different.
                    That is really interesting actually. However, there are games specifically geared towards low skill/exploration, "walking simulators", stuff like Journey, things that seem to fit that need more. Like I wouldn't expect a casual gamer to enjoy Dark Souls or Arma or 4x games because they're not really meant for that audience. So in the flow chart, a low skill player would have anxiety playing something challenging, applying it here, a low "stress" player would Have anxiety playing a high "stress" game. So a low skill player generally avoids challenging games, I guess I'm curious why a low stress player wouldn't play low stress games. Is the exploration of Skyrim vs those other games just that big of a quality gap that someone would be willing to brave the stress? Of course I'm not trying to say you shouldn't play whatever game you want but I personally don't play something outside of my preferences even if it is really good.
                        It'd not necessarily skill level (I once even beat a Korean in StarCraft at university), grew up with GoldenEye, even beat BioShock Infinite on normal without dying once, etc. But what I eventually learned is I just don't *enjoy* that challenge; it's more stress than enjoyment. I guess my fulfillment comes from parenting and my job. Yeah, that's the word, it's not fulfilling like it once was
                        When you're already stressed, more stress is the last thing you need.

Stress is not the same thing as obstacles. Walking simulators remove obstacles.

Skyrim on easy = lots of obstacles with low stress. When you're stressed in life with obstacles already, succeeding at some without stress isn't boring, it stands in as the artificial resolution of what was left unfinished in life. The illusions breaks the next morning but the relief is rejuvenating.
        I’m actually opposite. First played oblivion. Put like 700 hours into it. Loved to death. Skyrim only 100 and couldn’t quite dig into it as much as I wanted. Maybe I prefer slightly more closed games. Both games masterpieces though.
        For anyone who plays Oblivion based on this: do NOT hand in Azura's Star to Brother Martin (the questgiver voiced by Sean Bean). Get a different daedric artefact and give him that. Azura's Star is a reusable grand soul gem, and the game is a very different experience with it than without it.
    Pro tip: when playing any game, look into accessibility settings and see what you can do with those, even if they aren't specifically designed for autism. For example: I can get overstimulated very quickly by sound, but in Minecraft there is a special setting for deaf players. It shows sound effects on screen, like "creeper hiss left" or "lava flow above". Perfect!
    Ayyyyy I'm happy for you man!
    > I know Skyrim isn't perfect and a lot of fans of the older games don't like how simple it is compared to them

As one of those older fans, Skyrim is great. And I think most of them would love to have Morrowind on Skyrim's engine. What they are missing is the same story depth and general "weirdness" in the world building that Elderscrolls used to have. The way the games play gets better and better, but with each iteration, the Elderscrolls world becomes more generic fantasy and less its own unique thing. I think thats what most old timers want a return to. Something that has its OWN identity, Mushrooms and crabs, robot gods, not Dungeons and Dragons fps.
        https://tesrskywind.com/

It's taken forever but slowly but surely they've gotten more and more done.
            *fingers crossed* some day maybe...
        It feels like everything Morrowind focused on (The locale, Argonians, Dwemer) is super interesting and deep, while everything focused on in future games is kind of lacking.
    Happy to welcome you to the Skyrim family
    Thats super nice to hear dude!!! Im happy for you!
    Your post made me so happy. Isn't Skyrim lovely...it's so relaxing just looking at nature and exploring, isn't it?

Oblivion is the same feeling for me. I don't know what in Oblivion needs adjusted for you to use it the same way as Skyrim, bit you know your needs and I'm sure you'll find your mods for it.

I just played Morrowind for the first time. I know people love the game but I wasn't so impressed. It didn't give me that same peaceful feeling like Oblivion or Skyrim did. Morrowind is a little more nerve-wracking with plenty of creatures just coming at you from the edges of the road and the sky. All I wanna do is run around and pick some herbs! And the Vivec city is a freaking nightmare to find anything. I wanted to play it so much for many years but it just doesn't have the same feeling as Oblivion or Skyrim, at least not for me.

I turn down my difficulty as well. Skyrim's a game for me to explore, play, see nature, feel a sense of adventure, and collect treasures. Oh and visit and fix up my houses 🙂
        I liked collecting gems. I had a big pile of gems in the kitchen on the floor in Breezehome in Whiterun. Never sold them, just hoarded them like a dragon(born).
        I feel the same way too, Skyrim is just so easy to get lost in  and spend hours just walking around, doing quests and helping people. It gives me such a warm feeling inside
    welcome to tamriel, brother!
    Bruh i have gotten lost several times until i found that a spell which shows you a path to the quest exists
        And I feel like that spell takes you on a crazy path. I would sometimes just think I would use the map and just end up walking backwards and using the jump to scale a mountain, only to get stuck in a dead end. Then you use the spell and it's lots of twists and turns.
            I have never not knowingly spent an extra hour scaling a mountain than take a more circuatous route. To all fellow goats out there! Shadowmere also is a 4x4 in horse form.
                I never use a horse. Maybe the first playthrough but too expensive. I should have used one the last time I played when I made stupid powerful amulets and was extremely rich.
                    Shadowmere is free (in terms of gold) and respawns if it dies!
                        It takes a while to get to and the actual act of finding it can be annoying with how difficult navigation is in the Soul Cairn, but the horse you can get in the Dawnguard DLC, Arvak, is another free horse that is incredible to have, given you can summon him at any outdoor area.
                            You're thinking of the skeleton horse I forget his name but Shadowmere is from dark brotherhood, nvm reread it I misunderstood
    I’m hoping ES6 will have a survival/hardcore mode where you have to sleep, eat and maybe navigate yourself, then a normal mode where it’s like Skyrim. Sometimes I like playing games like Outward and Kingdom Come, other times I just want to chill and explore, if ES6 had both it’d be a dream come true
        I'm sure there will be a mod if nothing else.
        Sometimes you wanna be the prisoner, other times you wanna be an anime MC that has plot armor. Like someone else said, there's always mods.
    People are remaking oblivion and Morrowind on Skyrim's engine. The projects are called Skywind and Skyblivion. If you want versions of those games that play more like Skyrim, that might be what you're waiting for.
    I'm so happy for you. I hope you continue having fun in a way that works for you!
    I’m right there with you Skyrim was my first Elder scrolls game. I tried the older ones but never could get into them couldn’t quite place why. However I’m on like play through like 500 trying to 100% the game all over again.
        Same here. After playing Skyrim first I just could not get into Oblivion, much less Morrowind. Which makes me kind of sad I guess, but then I just play Skyrim some more and I get over it lol.
    Nothing is wrong with a game being accessible which might be misinterpreted as "easy".  Designing it to be "easy" that sacrifices authenticity which leads to lazy programming and uninspired mechanics is the problem.
    I love how I can make Skyrim as challenging as I want it to be.

I'll add a hundred mods, some of which make combat a little more challenging, but I can always turn down the settings if I'm having "a bad day" with overstimulation and just want to relax a little.
    Damn wholesome, make a brother wanna cry. Gaming is a safe haven for everyone, whatever form or genre or platform, video games should be accessible to everyone, to better oneself and ignite happiness!
    "I know Skyrim isnt perfect". Incorrect sir, incorrect.
        #IT JUST WORKS
    I highly highly recommend Enderal , which is a mod for Skyrim and Morrowind. Both are great experiences.
     You might wanna keep an eye out for skyblivion and skywind projects. They aim to recreate the older two games to run on skyrims engine. Still ways to go, mind you, but they are actively working on it.
    Have you tried Fallout 4? It's a little more loud and "explosive" but you may enjoy it if you enjoy skyrim! :)
        I did get a Fallout game for the PS3 but it was horribly ported and barely worked so I'll try to get a copy off Steam or something and see if I have a better experience. Thanks for the recommendation!
            Hey there, I'm autistic too, and I also recommend Fallout 4. You can turn the volume for sound effects (gunfire) down if it is too much. Both Skyrim and Fallout 4 scratch an itch in my brain that most games just can't.
                You can also just do a stealth playthrough with a silent weapon and never get into gunfights (outside of quests where there's some scripted fight that has to happen I guess). Obsessively modding rifles into the best possible sniper variant was pretty good fun for me, even in the vanilla game without mods. One of the better systems Bethesda has made in recent memory imo.
        I think they’d be overwhelmed. When you go in to kill mode or whatever it’s called, the blasts can get *really* loud.

And the turrets. And mines.
            You can turn down the volume of gunfire etc plus use mods for that. I understand though, I just thought maybe they could try it :)
    If you sit down and just force yourself to get into Oblivion for a bit, it'll grab you right by the brain lobes and never let go. The map is a little less idiotproof than Skyrim - honestly the UI isn't amazing - but there are things about it that rock so fucking hard. You can fight underwater and the magic is BOSS. 

Don't worry about Morrowind. The UI is heinous.
        To me Morrowind feels a lot more like a D&D campaign. It is a much tougher game and I understand how some people don't like it but it has always been one of my favorites.
            i get so fuckin triggered by morrowind combat lmao. every time i "miss" i turn into the guy from the Star Trek movies, just I SAW IT HAPPEN DON'T TELL ME IT DIDNT HAPPEN

when i have time to get into my games, i'm gonna shove a bunch of mods up its keister to make the gameplay tolerable so i can fuck with it. honestly, i wish Morroblivion had been finished and polished up. i think that would be the ideal remaster (fuck Skyrim's engine honestly, i don't wanna play a version of Morrowind where I can't kill things underwater or rain down fire from midair)
        Oblivion was fun but I got impatient about spending all the hours so i juked the difficulty controls and played God mode instead. I think it happened because I got sucked into a zone with yeti and didn't have any weapons or anything and kept dying.
            but it's so satisfying when you get high enough leveled and can destroy everything. making custom spells is incredible, i have a custom spell that does incredible AoE damage but with a paralysis & immunity to magic/elements effect on target as well as a heal on target. so you knock an ally down and heal them while blasting the shit out of everything else

i call it "get down mr president"
    The best part about skyrim is that you can make it as complicated as you want with mods
    It's amazing the variety of symptoms in stuff like autism. I'm not directly diagnosed but thats mostly because it's a very lengthy process but my therapist is sure that I am so I'm gonna take their word for it. And I have a brilliant sense of direction. I don't suffer sensory over load. But I have most other symptoms. It really shows how little we really know about the mind and its querks.
        It's a WIDE spectrum. I do have sensory overload occasionally, and I avoid socialising whenever possible. But when I do, I keep impeccable eye contact, and although I struggle to read people, I can follow conversation near perfectly though understanding of language and tone. 

The major similarity I've noticed with other strands is that I completely freak when plans change suddenly, or an event takes me by surprise. It's like my body wants to shut down and my head just... zone out.  But still, I'm classed as high functioning, and many of my issues have been put down to OCD rather than asperger's ayndrome or autism directly.  And since they did diagnose the OCD and change my meds to ones specially designed for the condition, it has helped wonders. I'm happily married too, and have been for years. Like I said, autism is a wide spectrum with many differing states of existence. .
    Maybe I’m autistic.
    How do you feel about turnbased games? I'm not autistic, but have had some issues similar to sensory overload as a kid and was always much worse at FPS games in particular because of it, but turnbased games really changed gaming for me. In some of them there's a ton to keep track of, but you can always take it at your own pace meaning you can actually think through your decisions and try to figure out what you want to do, or what the game wants you to do. I especially recommend XCOM 2, Battle Brothers and (if you want a multiplayer game you can play with your friends) Blood Bowl 3 (when it's released, until then you can go with Blood Bowl 2 but it has the worst menus of any game I've ever played).

The only problem I could think of with these games is that because they're turn based and thus slower in general, they also tend to be pretty difficult to make up for it, and don't always have an option to lower the difficulty.
    [deleted]
        It's not just for people with disabilities.  It also makes it available for a much younger audience.  I've played the last 3 ESO games and honestly, Skyrim isn't that much more "dumbed" down than Oblivion or Morrowind.  Morrowind's magic and enchanting system were much more complicated.  Also it's faction aspect was more complicated and some of it's quests were sort of difficult.  Less so with Oblivion.

.

Skyrim has proven itself over the last 10 years to be one of the best games of all time (more so with mods) and imo is equal to or better than any other ESO game.
    Have you tried earlier assassins creed? The mechanics are really simple. I’m thinking specifically the ezio triology (2, brotherhood, revelations)

Minimal gun fire. (As mentioned) simple mechanics. Fantastic story. Incredibly beautiful music.
        I have a bunch of Assassins Creed games for my PS3 that I was going to try though I did have difficulty learning the controls and the lack of subtitles was a pain. I'll give them another go soon ^^
            Hm. I always had subtitles on. I wonder if they’re more configurable on PS4. 

I bought the ezio triology for like 20$$ if that’s an option for you. Maybe run a quick Google search to see if it’d be worth your time investing in. Idk, not trying to tell you how to run your life ha
    My son is autistic. I play FPS exclusively and he tries to play with me and gets overwhelmed really easy so I just say "buddy, don't get upset. It'll come for you. Let's play something more comfortable for you. The point is to have fun together". We play alot of his games as a result. This comment really opened my eyes. I won't even suggest them anymore. Maybe it won't come for him. Thanks for the perspective
        I should be thanking you for reading my comment and finding it helpful! It's great to know that my experiences are helping people find games better suited to them when they're ND ^^

I don't know what games you play with him but I used to play Minecraft, Just Dance, various racing games and puzzle platformers like Little Big Planet with my siblings so maybe he might like those. They allowed for some healthy competition and relaxing downtime depending on what we were doing so maybe those could work.
            My son is amazing at Minecraft. It is his favorite game. It's unreal how well he builds. I try so hard bc I really enjoy playing it. It's alot of fun. But I can't match what he does and he does it so easy and he is only 8. But i try bc it's just so much fun. And he will say "great job dad you're getting so much better" haha. Fuckin roll reversal. I'll suggest these other games. He alos loves Kingdom Hearts. All of them. I guess bc of the Disney characters and story lines. Thanks for the suggestions. Honestly!!!!
    Man I've played TES games since Daggerfall way back in the day and for all its faults, Skyrim I think is the funnest.

I still think Morrowind is the "best," in terms of depth and story, but the gameplay is pretty clunky compared to Skyrim.
    Just wait until you get to a certain cave. You will either love it more or hate it. :D
        If you're talking about Blackreach, I've gone through it a few times and found it annoying but not too stressful. I even started there on a modded playthrough once
            Than you are a more patient person than I am. I thought I was going to just clear one more cave, sell off everything and go to bed. I'm a person who likes to methodically clear everything and Blackreach was just hell for me. But I guess that's what also makes it a good game.
            What do you mean "not so stressful???"

.

Last time I'm in there, I tried to pick up crimson nirnroot when I accidentally met with like 10 or 20 "wispmothers" down there. DO YOU KNOW HOW SCARED I WAS?!?
    I played all the games oblivion was first Skyrim was the last one I played, I prefer to play Skyrim for the simplicity of the game. No hard mechanics that make the game hard to understand at first. The only learning curve I had was the combat. It felt like to me it was made so different than the others, (I could be wrong) Skyrim was made for long-term fans and new fans together and I feel they did a really good job doing so. (I recommend trying out the modding community to make your playthrough of skyrim unique to you.)
    [deleted]
    You and the OP reviewer need to play r/kenshi
    I’m an autistic gamer who was introduced to elder scrolls through Skyrim in 2017! I’m with you regarding Morrowind, I couldn’t get through it, even though I play Legendary on Skyrim. Oblivion is doable and actually beautiful. You should give it a try and start with an easier build to give yourself a chance :)
    I have NLD (it’s not autism but very similar) and i struggle with basic directions. My brain dose’t even have a concept of left and right. Despite this it almost feels like there’s accommodations for people like me. Things like online tips and clairvoyance spell make the game playable. Although I seriously doubt this corporation added that feature in for people like me it feels amazing to have accommodations for my supper rare disabilities.
    Have you tried blades? The UI is a bit more complicated but the combat is very straightforward, and the lore is pretty fun.
        No I haven't, I'll be sure to give it a go when I can
    Shit like this makes me so happy. Glad you've found a home in Tamriel
    [removed]
    Some elements of the game are actually more complex than previous games, especially the combat
    I'm a huge fan of morrowind and oblivion, and I still love skyrim. Don't like the color scheme compared to oblivion's but that's more regional than anything else imo. I'm just glad more people are getting into tes- more people to talk lore with!!
    I'd definitely look in to the Oblivion mod community if you want to give it another try and you're on PC. There are some incredible mods that will make it easier to get in to in a number of ways. It can definitely be clunky and weird, but with the right UI, graphics and gameplay mods and maybe using a controller rather than keyboard and mouse I think you'll really enjoy it.

If you do enjoy the relative simplicity of Skyrim though, maybe it will still be a bit overwhelming. I know I gave up on Morrowind pretty quick after finding it too complicated and the graphics too dated.

Also, you should try Shadow of Mordor and if you're happy to try something a bit more intense I can't recommend Dying Light enough. Easily a top 5 game of all time for me that can be played on an easy difficulty, has mostly melee combat and super satisfying parkour that isn't hard to learn. There's also some mods for it too that can help if you need them.

Anyway, have a look at Nexus or any of the Oblivion related subs for mods and advice and have a look at Dying Light!!
    It sounds to me like you’d also enjoy the Witcher 3. It’s similarly easier than the previous games, combat is not too loud and flashy, and exploring the environments is amazing. Whole thing is accompanied by really beautiful ambient music like Skyrim is, I think you’d have a blast.
    Check out Skyblivion and Skywind! A team is porting Oblivion and Morrowind onto the Skyrim engine. They haven't been released yet but the progress is looking really good
    I'm not autistic and when i first started oblivion after playing skyrim i got lost and i gave up. If you find those simplifying mods please send me your modlist.
    Hey matw, you might want to check out Skywind and Skyblivion, which are both mods in the making, aiming to make Morrowind and Oblivion respectively pretty much play and look like Skyrim. They will work basically as Skyrim mods but will instead include those games instead of Skyrim.

In addition to looking as good as Skyrim, the user interface should be quite close to Skyrim as well as things like compass, levelling system and such. Once these mods come out, they could maybe make Morrowind and Oblivion playable for you.
    Skyrim is definitely my favorite game of all time. I played it when it first came out, and it very quickly became a huge special interest for me, to the point where I've put in thousands of hours across multiple systems playing it. Its something that is really easy for my brain to immerse itself in, especially when I'm overstimulated, so I definitely get what you and op are talking about
    Skyrim is for the Nords! And gamers. Welcome brother/sister!
        Thanks for the nice welcome, though as a khajiit main I must say that I do not think Skyrim is for Nords per say. As a wise cat once said, Nords must wish they had glorious manes like Khajiit, so maybe we may get along. Also thank you for the inclusion of sister, I am actually a woman (well, female aligned questioning) so it's nice to have feminine terms used every now and again ^^
            I just hear that in game a lot so I thought it would be funny. And I try not to assume people's gender online especially. I want to be as inclusive as I can even though I'm an aging gen x guy I love people of various genders, alignments, races and religions.
    Also autistic, and it’s absolutely amazing seeing these really positive experiences come out of games. When I was younger I buried myself in video games, because at least I could understand them! It’s really encouraging seeing other peoples’ positive reflections too.

Happy Autism Acceptance Month, bro.
    Can I ask why you don't use fast travel? I always try to avoid using it, but 5/6 hours into a playthrough I go mad if I don't use it.
    I played skyrim first and then my boyfriend showed me oblivion and stuff and I couldn't get into it. But skyrim is like my all time favorite honestly.if I had to play one game for the rest of my life it would be skyrim. As for FPS I like them, but as you mentioned, I also get lost easy even with the little maps. I can't remember rto read them so usually the first few rounds on a new map I run around memorizing the map so I don't get lost. But in skyrim it's super easy and I always know where I'm going and the map is super straightforward. I also like blades, it's on switch but it's like a super dumbed down version of skyrim and oblivion but your mostly fighting in the arena and rebuilding the town. When I say super dumb down, it's almost infuriating compared to skyrim but also for some reason it just makes me happy.
    Look into skywind and skyblivion when they finally release. Both morrowind and oblivion redone in the skyrim engine
    comments like these legit make me happy.
    I use a bunch of mods to make my game harder and more complicated and I'm so grateful that the vanilla game is so welcoming to people who need an easier/slower paced experience and that it's so easily modded to fit my wants. This is an aspect of gaming I've never thought about and I'm so glad that such a great game is so accessible.
    When I read things like this it actually makes me want to cry. Like a tender empathetic and joyful tear. It really is heartwarming. Keep slaying those Draugr my friend!!!
    Bless your heart, lad. As a mildly autistic person myself I've spent a lot of time around people in the same boat, who almost itch when sound becomes too loud or intense (I describe it as an itch as that's how it feels to me on the rare occasions that I get sensory overload) and that have trouble understanding complex layouts and spacial reasoning (god knows mine is awful) that have just thrown games to the curb, when they can really help build confidence and develop those skills, so I'm really glad you've found something that you enjoy this much that doesn't trigger those things and has boosted your esteem as much you have said. Makes my old heart warm it does, but remember; Skyrim belongs to the Nords!
    Oblivion probably isn't as hard as it may seem. There are a lot of ways to break it and get stupidly powerful early-on, and most of them are pretty trivial to implement, especially if you turn the difficulty slider down.

Same goes for Morrowind, but the early-game has a high enough learning curve that it might be less practical. Still, if you like Skyrim for being relatively quieter and less reflex-intensive than other action games, you might really like the older Elder Scrolls.

As far as simplifying things goes, nGCD and GCD, mods for Oblivion and Morrowind respectively, work wonders for streamlining the system, replacing the complicated tedium of attribute leveling with a more natural progression that ensures every skill-up counts for _something_ when you level. They really take the stress out of character building, I find, letting you just _play_ instead of carefully micromanaging.
    My son is autistic and a bit young for Skyrim, so I want to ask you how you felt about building and customizing the homes on the property you can buy. (Hearthfire I believe?) 

Just seems like something he will enjoy.
        I love going out to buy the materials and working out how much of x, y, z I need to make whatever room I'm working on. I also like sorting out my belongings and putting important items on display whenever possible (even if trying to work with the carrying mechanic drives me nuts)
    I relate to this. I’m autistic as well and I’m terrible with reaction time, so really fast-paced FPS games, smash bros, etc are difficult for me (I still love them but it can be frustrating). But I agree that skyrim is more simple and easy to get into while still having enough challenge
    This is why I hate when people make complaints about newer games being "too casual" or "too hand-holdy" when they don't realize these changes are actually making the game much more accessible to a wider audience.
    You can also try Daggerfall Unity if you want :)
    I have to add that I love there are mods to fix annoying sounds too. Every time I do a fresh play with mostly new mods, I always install the mod to turn down the sound of the healing magic. That sound just drives me nuts fairly quickly when I have it on the ready.
    That's awesome!

> Skyrim has an easy UI

God, I fucking love the UI. I wish chests would give categories but otherwise I find it *so satisfying* to use especially with a controller (I play on Switch)

> Current save is a no fast travel.

👁 👄 👁 what. How. Do you use the carriages? Skyrim's fucking huge how do you do that???
        Not even carriages. I just walk or ride a horse. It gives me a reason to grab as many quests as possible to make every journey count and it's nice popping into random caves to see if there's any loot.
    On suggestion I can give even though it makes the game a tad harder in a way is HUD Opticity 100%. No hud is really fun to test knowing your limits (Stats wise) and is very  immersive once you know the map enough to know what main cities are where, then you can still have that slight exploration of not knowing when a cave is coming up or something. If you do this I suggest a 2-Handed Tank, or if you are modded a Conjouration/Summoner Mage.
    I'm on the other end of the spectrum, namely Aspergers. I also have OCD (Pure O type, which is more rare). So I'm fairly high functioning, but hopelessly neurotic.

It appears we have different issues - although we definitely have loud noises, and I'm guessing an inability to read people, in common - yet I also take great comfort in Skyrim, and Bethesda open world games in general.

They're an obsession that isn't inherently self destructive. Compulsively restarting? Hell, the healthiest minds on the planet get stuck in that loop, so don't sweat it! Their games also have the rarest quality you can find; Diverse familiarity. You know the games. You learn the systems. You get comfy. But there is always something to surprise you, or the tools that let you surprise yourself.

There is enough content and build variety to pretty much do things your own way, even before the seemingly unlimited world of mods, but it's presented in a way that most people can intuitively comprehend. Almost anyone can get their heads around the idea of a knight, a thief, or a wizard, and with more time spent playing can see how to merge these styles into something that works for them.

There's also enough lore and environmental storytelling to let us tap into the one true superpower that covers almost all branches of the autism tree... our imagination.

I'm really happy to hear the games help you out. Take care mate.
    The mod called "point the way" is even more helpful for not getting lost. Every intersection now has signs for every city and every nearby village.
    [deleted]
        I have and I got the Elsweyr DLC since khajiit are my favourite race to play as. I'm still new to MMOs so it'll take a bit to get used to not pausing in battle and such but I did have a good time with it
    Pay attention devs,  don't screw up ES6
I have a lot of anxiety and playing this game is almost therapy for me because I face those scary bandits and mages and I survive. And if I die? So what, reload. It helps me out it into perspective.
    That doesn't stop me from being on the edge of my seat anytime I have to walk ANYWHERE. As if a wolf is going to one hit me or something.
        Sabre-cats ambushing is always one of my worries.
            Yeah last time I played ‘Ironman’ Skyrim (die and you have to totally restart), I got chased and cornered by two sabre cats and a dragon, eventually pushed up a mountain right into a frost troll. Felt amazing when I finally gave them the slip but by god the STRESS.
                I've had my heart rate jump up so high during Skyrim that I thought I was about to have some sort of problem.
I wonder if that's bad for your heart.
                    Go outside and get exercise if video game anxiety is too much on the ticker. Cliche advice I know.
                        That's a good reminder, thank you.
                            Lol sorry. I also enjoy sitting on my ass and playing games with no thought to external concerns.
                Or playing with Frostfall on and trying to make your way from Whiterun to Winterhold in the early game. Gruelling.
        Once meet that orc who wanted a glorious death in battle or something. I was like easy I'm gonna wreck you. Turns out I got wrecked.
    I think this is gaming in general for a lot of people.

Real life is confusing. Rules change, there's no clear win condition, and there are infinite choices that are so complex you seldom know what will come of those choices.

Games have fixed rules that are enforced. You either win or lose. You have simple metrics for measuring your success (score, health, equipment). And in most games success/failure is normalized - we all win the same game. Someone billionaire in his living room gets the same ending you do.

Ultimately games let us play anxiety but in a controlled environment where we always have the comfort of knowing that the stakes aren't real. And comfort of knowing that if you reach 10k points, you will get the reward sold by the vendor. In real life you don't have control, you can't back out, and your can do everything right and still not get what you expected.

Of course a lot of just goes out the window when you get too into a video game and end up getting real life anxiety that lasts after you turn it off.
        [deleted]
            Constant rebalancing updates are pretty annoying, but I really like content updates, like for Minecraft, No Man's Sky etc.

Just gives you something to come back to every once in a while. Something new in a familiar environment
                The good thing with Skyrim is that we basically get constant content updates that we can choose whether or not to install, and for free. Bruma, Wyrmstooth, Wheels of Lull, Forgotten City, etc.
        It used to be that I couldn't play more than a few minutes at a time because my anxiety would be through the roof. Now I can play for longer (though not hours and hours, because attention span is shit) and feel less anxiety. It's nice.

I tried playing ESO but the anxiety is still there, because of the nature of the game. Which kinda sucks, because I want to play ESO, but I want to play it like I do Skyrim, taking advantage of mods and not having it be MMO.
You know what, playing it on novice, breton, heavy armour, probably would turn it into the walking simulator that I always wanted it to be....
    Sounds like a playthrough... that will eventually end up as a stealth archer
        This time will be different! This time I won't do a... 

And I'm a stealth archer again.
            Always an elf stealth archer. I have no shame.
                An elf?! 😱 😱 😱
                    STOP ELF SHAMING ME!
                        😂 😂 😂

Didn't mean to elf shame you. 

But you do know that Skyrim belongs to the Nords, right? 😉
                            That's what the elves want you to think.
                                Holdup... I... Umm...

Que?
                                    Eso es lo que los elfos quieren que pienses. ¿Acaso no escuchas?
                            Which is why my dark elf fights for the empire, cause Ulfric is a dick to my people.
                        You just said you have no shame so what do you care?
                            I was referring to stealth archer. Ermmm... Ummm.. Stop shame shaming me!
                *NEVER TRUST AN ELF!*
                    And never, ever, cut a deal with a dragon.
                I too am always an elf stealth archer.  Isn't it the best character?  I like the story lines and the scenery, exploring and finding neat random stuff, collecting flowers and cooking them into potions, and hanging around in taverns people-watching and listening to the nice music.  Sometimes I just like to cook stuff at home and sit on my back deck looking at the scenery.
If I could make any changes, I'd 1)  Make the world even bigger, 2) Give the bards a larger selection of songs and tunes, 3) Have a larger selection of recipes for foods... I wish I could see my character eating and drinking.

I escape my own reality by spending time in this beautiful world.  Sometimes I return to areas I've already cleared just to see it again.

The Dwemer civilization ruins fascinates me.  I don't derive pleasure from killing enemies but sometimes I'd like to backhand some of those bratty kids.

I cried when Alvor died (Okay, not like bawling my eyes out more like a lump in my throat and angry) and I couldn't save him no matter how many times I replayed that section.  Is there any way to save Alvor?  Also, I spend a lot of time with the old lady that lives in the little shack in the woods.  
Edit:  She reminds me of my mom, how she cleans and gardens and sits in her rocker.  One time I got curious as to what she had in the basement and she turned on me.  I felt guilty about it.


~~Why do people hate stealth archers?~~ I see.
                    the mod run for your lives makes townspeople go inside when dragons or vampires attack.   otherwise on a long play thru, you end up with all the non essentials dead, and it's like a ghost town.  Keeping your vendors alive and wealthy (there's a mod for that too) is important! Because I use Skyrim Unbound as my alternate start mod, I can play for a very very long time before visiting the greybeards. I usually abandon the main quest after getting the horn from Delphine. I rarely bother with the civil war and when I do, just to korvanjund; who really needs Hjerim??!  Companions?  Only to dustman's cairn to get another fire breath word.
                    Pretty sure the old lady you’re talking about is actually a witch.
                        Yes, she is a witch, but 

One time I was walking around in the woods near her house and I was attacked by bandits.  She ran over and killed them and then went back and sat in her rocking chair.  She's really just a sweet old lady that loses her shit when she's robbed or someone attacks her guests.
                    Most wholesome. 

Bards do need a bigger repertoire and a few of the kids I am ashamed to say are now orphans due to their smart mouths.
                I tried to make a no nonsense, no stealth, Breton sword and shield build, and 10 hours later I was a stealth archer thieves guild master
                    I hear you, I truly hear you. Lol.
            Happy cake day !!
                Thanks! :D
            My first playthrough actually _didn't_ end up being a stealth archer. Mostly because I was like 12 and pursued elementalism for the sole reason that I thought it was cool.

Every subsequent playthrough has evolved into a heavy-armor stealth archer dual-classed into Conjuration for the summons, no matter how it started.
        I found the stealth archer just waaaay too boring.

Stealth *daggers*, now that's where it's at.
            Can't you get ridiculous multipliers for stealth daggers, like 16x sneak damage or something?
                Yes. 30x. 15x from the stealth skill tree, (which has previously given you 3x damage) combined with the Dark Brotherhood gloves which double your backstab damage.
                    60x with an orc if you use berserker rage.
                        Oh my god, I'd totally missed that. After almost 10 years I can't believe I hadn't noticed. Thank you.
            This is definitely more effective with a higher stealth skill level, I usually build up stealth with bow kills and move on to daggers from there.

Once I figured out I can pickpocket bandits before stabbing them with a dagger, and use calm/pacify if things get too messy, it completely changed the game for me, and gave me a fun way to use pickpocket and illusion on top of stealth.
        Stealth archery just feels sooooo good. Why doesn't ANY other game, even ones that focus specifically on archery get this satisfying?
            [deleted]
                It's not borderline OP it is completely OP. It doesn't help that Skyrim makes it so easy to level up a skill. On top of all that they weigh nothing so you can carry infinite arrows. If you use a bow at all, you will in short order be unstoppable with it. I don't find it satisfying at all because it is so boring. I impose a limit on arrows when I play.
                Yeah I usually play on Adept/Expert but if I choose to go archer I bump it up to Expert/Master and it still feels easier.
                    Yeah, absurdly easy despite the focus of how unfair it is
            Dual dagger stealth assassin is the only way I ever play. The 30x multiplier for sneak attack is absolute murder. Couple that with Mehrunes' Razor (small chance of instantly killing a target) and you will destroy everything you can creep on.  
I once managed to drop directly on top of a dragon's hitbox while it was sleeping atop one of those mountaintop ruins. Did a power sneak attack and one-shot it.  
Edit: Obligatory "Hail Sithis." My first ESO character was also a dual dagger nightblade. I have a thing for rogues/assassins in RPGs.
            Stealth archery gang
        Well, he only needs the Muffle enchantment on his boots and he's good to go
            Ah, the rarest enchantment. Spent literal days play skyrim hunting down one of those before almost immediately disenchanting it.
                Could also use the Ebony Mail you get from doing the Boethia's Calling quest
        I don't know why stealth archer gets shat on so much. It's easily the most fun way of engaging in combat. Just spamming the attack button or blasting spells gets real boring real quick. At least there's a bit of skill to sniping and the fun of "huh...? Must've been my imagination..." spoken by a bandit with a arrow imbedded in his face.
            It doesn't get shat on, it gets memed because of how superior it is to every other play style. Because stealth is OP, combat is boring, and the magic system was totally castrated.
                Learning the fortify resto loop was the most fun I’ve had in video games in awhile.
                And, at least the way I play, it's superior because I just want to look at stuff. 

Skyrim has always been a "chill, walk around, and look at all the stuff" game for me. That's the primary game. The mini-game within the game is using bandits as a shooting gallery.
        I've had at least 10 play through characters with at least level 90 smithing and have never tried stealth archer lol
        All roads lead to stealth archery.

Idly sneaking through the world inserting arrows into unsuspecting necks is the way.
        Only for specific scenarios when it works best!

*Stealth archer always works best*
    I didn’t do that on novice but on hard, entire build was based in heavy armor sword and board never going to die.
    I almost play on novice every playthrough for this reason. After so much time in the game it’s nice to just not worry about running into every fight and actually being able to relax and and shut my brain off for a while. It also keeps me able to roleplay much easier since I don’t focus on the most traditional perks and builds
        I stopped playing after I spent about 10 hours a day grinding crafting and enchanting just to build the perfect set of armor. 

It was just digital work...
            And then after you've made the perfect set of gear you play with it for about 30 minutes, get bored and quit.
    That's how I play, and yes it is
    Fifth playthrough I finally decided to do it. ~TGM. No death. It's like going to a theme park, you know the rides won't kill you. But you still enjoy the ride.

And yes, I did sometimes decide to go for hikes. Rarely did fast travel.

I just wanted to explore the corners I missed before, and have an easier time focusing on the settings, music, animations, all of the things that are relaxing and pretty about the game.

So I decided "Why not play it on the literal easiest mode possible?" and it's one of my favorites so far. I would never suggest anyone play it that way on their first go, but if you've done it a few times, it's fun to just observe.
[deleted]
    And this is why I play some games on God mode, I want to explore the story and not just die all the time. I know that that is "weird" and makes me "not a real gamer" if I don't want to grind, die and repeat stuff all the time, but it's just not what I want from a game.
        Nah. You’re a real gamer. Make single player games as easy as you want. It’s your story and your journey to go on. Get that happiness.
        It's not weird and it doesn't make you any less of a gamer. Anyone who tells you otherwise is a gatekeeper and we don't need those kinds of people. Games are there for people to have fun playing them, so no matter how you play, you're doing it right if you're having a good time!
        "I know that that is "weird" and makes me "not a real gamer""

Real gamer is a term used by pieces of shit, honestly, fuck those that call you that. It doesn't matter how you play a game, as long as you're having fun.
            honestly it's so cringe that even the pieces of shit don't use it.. i've heard it only from raging kids or someone using it on some cheater/hacker dude
        Higher difficulties are so stupid anyways. Having to *hit* an enemy with a hammer to the head 100 fucking times doesn't bring anything interesting to the game. Higher difficulties should instead do things like removing quest markers, map fast travel, and adding needs like hunger and thirst
            You bring up a really good point with that. I wish more games had harder modes that fundamentally changed the gameplay, not just made you hit the things more.

Imagine a game where easy mode meant that enemies didn't even do some kind of heavy attack that you needed a dodge mechanic for. In hard mode you had to add dodging, and the playstyle changes entirely as a result.

Essentially like if easy mode played more like novice skyrim, and hard mode was literally dark souls style fighting.
        I’ve got trainers downloaded for pretty much any single player game I play on PC now. I don’t always use them, but I often find myself going up against game mechanics that are just tedious and don’t respect my time.

I love Dragon Age Inquisition, but the war resources felt awful to me and the side quests to increase them were meaningless and awful a lot of the time. 

I loved Witcher 3, but probably like 70% of the interest points on the map were a single chest with a monster nearby that had either nothing helpful, or a rare alchemy/armor recipe. After playing through it all once, I just add all the recipes and the game still progresses pretty naturally since I still have to craft them. 

Do whatever it takes to make your $60 fun. Outside of multiplayer games, there shouldn’t be strict rules you have to adhere to play your game.
        I've recently started a run of Fallout 4 where I used the console to make the raiders non-hostile. It is so much more fun exploring their spaces when they are still living in them.
            Bandits in Skyrim are the same way! If you fumble through their hideouts and accidentally get their attention, you miss out on a lot of good dialogue. One of the biggest reasons to roll stealth archer on the first playthrough imo.
                I've only played a bit of Skyrim but I really like that you don't get experience for killing things. It feels like it really opens up possibilities for playing less violently
                    Yep. You can get to a pretty high level completely without combat by just going city to city as a pickpocket. Building capital from being a thief let’s you expand into crafting and trading which levels you up even more.
        I would like to do this sometimes as well, especially because some quests like diplomatic immunity are really hard for me even on novice, but sadly the switch version doesnt have a god mode
        I did it in skyrim after a few playthroughs, and it was one of my most enjoyable experiences in the game. It's like going to a theme park. Nothing will kill you, but you still enjoy the ride.

Also, I simply do not have as much time to enjoy games as I used to. I have tons of games I still want and need to play, yet I still want to keep revisiting this game that drags me in. I don't really have time for a glitching out cart to kill me and send me back.

There's even a couple of games out there I've opted to just play in god mode entirely. It's like watching a movie you control.
This is why I hate the condescending attitude tom “easy mode”. Not every game needs to be Dark Souls hard. Not even most. So let there be easy modes. Not for every game of course, but for the ones that would make sense to have one.

Games are there to be fun. Difficult does not immediately make it fun. 

So happy that this post exists !
    100%. I'm not wading into the "Dark Souls should have an easy mode" debate because I don't care either way, but 95% of games should have one. Some people are autistic or have other conditions that make games more difficult to take in. Some people are brand new to games but want to try one they love the aesthetic of (my partner tried so hard to play Breath of the Wild, but just couldn't because the combat's too difficult for someone who's terrible at video game controls). And some people just don't care about the challenge and want to enjoy your game for its story or any of a thousand other possible factors.  


Let the difficulty default to whatever you want, but give us easy modes. It's ridiculous that it's not a given in almost every game imaginable. And for the record, this is bitching coming from someone who always plays normal or hard - it's not for me, but the need to keep things approachable and accessible is obvious.
        There needs to be more accessibility options in general. 

I’m getting older and QTEs have started ruining games for me. I just can’t hit them. I fumble with the controls, and every console has their buttons placed differently that I just mix them up even when I do get them on time. I pretty much stay away from them like the plague. 

BOTW perfect parries were a similar problem and I just never put myself in a situation where I had to perform one if I could.
        An easy mode for dark souls exists, it is called "sorcery"
        well dark souls was always advertised as "this game will tear your ass" so wanting an easy mode for a game that is supposed to be hard af is kinda dumb and says a lot about the player

I know you didn't want to debate this but I had to get it off my chest
    > So let there be easy modes. Not for every game of course, but for the ones that would make sense to have one.

I agree with this. Easy modes improve a game, but not if they are mandatory. Pokémon Sword & Shield, for example, were games that removed every aspect of difficulty in the Pokémon series, and it was the first time a game was *so* easy, the lack of difficulty actively prevented me from having fun. Like you said, difficult does not necessarily make a game fun, but neither does an easy game automatically become good or fun. An adjustable difficulty setting is definitely a positive point for a game.
        It always has been. Let people have fun at the difficulty of their own choice because how hard a game is varies significantly from person to person. Unless your game's "quirkyness" comes from the difficulty aspect of it, having an adjustable difficulty setting is a no-brainer
            I like the Wolfenstein games where the developers clearly want you to play on a hard mode, and the game makes fun of you for picking one of the easier modes, but you can just play on easy anyway and still experience the full story.
    Exactly! There's also the aspect of immersion or RP that I like to apply when it comes to difficulty, if I play on legendary it doesn't seem realistic at all to bash an enemy 30 times to kill it. I like to play on adept or expert depending on my gear for balance, its more realistic.
    I play on hard mode, but with 18 followers to do all the work for me ;)
    I love games with difficulty options! I have a really slow reaction time and I have awful hand eye coordination so it’s really helpful to have some cushion and not die after one or two hits. It also saves so much frustration if I don’t have to lose a bunch of every time I die because of something outside of my control. I’ve been trying to get through dark souls, but I’ve been stuck on the same boss for two years even though I’ve gotten a lot better at gaming since I’ve started.
    As a souls fanboy, I just wanna point that we mostly defend only souls from this treatment, I play other games too and love them too, most of the time, if I have a choice, I straight up go to easy mode, always. Skyrim, always only novice runs, will end up becoming stealthy archer anyways.

But when ppl say that souls need easy mode, that grinds my gears, it's not like we want all the game to be rock hard, we just want souls be the way it is, and too be honest there a lot of games which are just mind crushing-ly hard that came before the whole soulslikes thing, it's not like they started the hard-is-bad(or/and)good thing. Souls is famous in the community for mostly the lore and world building, being hard is what the devs wanted it to be, I do agree that souls does enjoy the if-you-beat-souls-u-r-a-skilled-gamer treatment, streaming did influence a LOT of stuff (among us, fall guys, rocket league), but that should not the only thing souls represents. Souls have inbuilt mechanics that support cooperations, it does have NPC summons when the going gets tough, "try finger, but hole" will always save u in dire situations.....

Honestly, I feel like u should pick u ds3 (easiest one in the group, somehow it's more tamer than the rest) and give it a solid go, yes u will die, a lot (and if u didn't, u skilled bro, u pro), but Do pick up urself dust off ur armour and just go at it once more.

Tl dr ; git gud scrub
        I didn’t mean that Souls doesn’t have more to offer, I just meant in reference to difficulty.

I’ve seen the lore, watched people play it, and think to myself “if I only had the patience and skill I would LOVE this series”. 

You’re right that Souls had a lot of influence. And my friends who play it love it for both the difficulty and the world/lore.

Games are meant to be fun, and this isn’t an argument because we’re all saying the same thing here.

Games are fun!
            I always thought I’d never be able to play dark souls because I’ve never been particularly good at games. But I started playing DS3 a couple weeks ago because I was spending so much time watching YouTube videos about it and it’s really not that bad. It’s difficult but not frustrating. You don’t ever feel like you’re not progressing - every time you die you feel like you’ve got a little bit better, both at the game and stats wise. And it’s actually fun to have to try and try again. I would definitely recommend it.
            Happy u didn't take it the wrong way, and I didn't mean the comment as a reply but just a piece of my mind.

And yes, GAMES ARE FUN, but PLAY WHAT U LOVE (also), never let anyone force souls (Or Pokemon sun and moon, in support of too easy to be fun conversation, or battle royales, "Not everyone plays competitively" topic) down ur throat.
                We were here praising a game because it gave someone the opportunity to enjoy and have fun.

You didn't say anything derogatory, or patronizing. You gave your opinion, which is not wrong at all, and added to the conversation.

This is how threads should go. There is no ME vs YOU, 

In the end, Skyrim is great because its a fun game that brings joy like... 10 years later!
        bro lmfao DS3 the *easiest?* I find Sekiro easier than DS3 but maybe I’m just stupid
            If u fell sekiro is a souls (it is but it's technically not), all other souls will be alien. But in the conversation of ds series and bloodborne (soulsborne, why am I doing this) ds3 is the tamest of all.

Sekiro is deflects attack aggressively, souls are dodge dodge attack passively. Or maybe I'm just stupid.... Or is it?? WHAT is ^difficulty
                It’s weird because Sekiro isn’t even my first Fromsoft game. I have platinums for Dark Souls Remastered & Bloodborne... DS3 kicks my ass though. It took me forever to beat it and I still haven’t even defeated Nameless King
                    Holy shit, u might be the first guy I know who find ds3 tough after ds1, bro u r like the shiny perfect IV Pokemon.⊙﹏⊙

Ooh and ya, as for bosses, I do agree ds3 is a level above the cut. No doubt there, I think it's just more polished, keep at peace my man. I was meaning the whole game, ds1 no fast travel till end game, ds2...... It's ds2, getting though ds3 is preety easy in comparison, or that atleast what I feel.
        Never played Dark Souls. Atleast until now, that may change later. But I've yet to come across a tougher game than Talking Tom Flappy Bird. Fuck that stupid bird.
            Man, I am with u, fuck Flappy Bird........... another try??
                Never again. Damn near cracked my screen when I used to rage quit. Speaking of Dark Souls, can you get Yhorm's great machete?
    I've tried playing dark souls several times. 

I think the game is bad. I think the controls are bad. I think it is incredibly boring and unfulfilling. Difficulty isn't even a factor because i very much dislike the game before i even encounter anything difficult. 

If i play for a couple hours and am turned off by almost every feature and no longer have interest, i don't think it is a good game. But hey, maybe i want in the mid for it? That's why I've given it 3 chances but I've ended up with the same feelings about it every time.
        It's ok, all of us were there at some point of time, to go on cause everyone near u is or to stop and say NO, it's not for me.

BUT, but, let us, souls fanatics, get what we want. I am just saying that u don't need to ask for a game that sheeps (masses, us) want, like when any future from soft titles get announced there is always be a war about easy mode, it's not the same for every game. It's not like I play at hard, invade someone who's in easy mode, and I level them. That's just not fare, to all of us. Souls have mechanics which contradicts the conversation.
    >Difficult does not immediately make it fun.

Maybe but difficult immediately makes it a game.
        Well... maybe? Kirby games don’t have a difficulty. They’re still games. 

Not all games need an sliding scale. It’s such a vast world that there’s no limit to what games are out there.
And his name…was DRAGON BORN!
I still play on Novice most of the time too
To this day, Red Dead 2 AC Origins, Gta 5, I have played all, but none of them still top Skyrim for me, this game is something else, to the deep lore, to the world, to the gameplay to the characters, everything is absolutely magical
    Played since release. Only now am I actually collecting and reading rare books in game. Some good stories.
These sands are cold, but Khajiit feels warmness from your presence.
The chicken of Riverwood. Everybody’s first bounty in Skyrim.
    I have never killed the chicken, I have killed Faendal tho
        I try not to kill named NPCs because they are a finite resource. Once they're gone you will never heard their voice again.  I always feel that no matter how annoying they are, Skyrim would be a poorer land without that NPC to live in it.
            I think the world is a better place without Faendal.
                Svens just as bad and without the use!
                    Can't fucking stand Sven either.
                [deleted]
            What about Braith, Nazeem, or the loud dude in the middle of Whiterun?
                The bad people make the good people better
                    That's a wonderful way to look at the real world too.
                        Although when I become thane I always kill nazeem.
                            Some people are just irredeemable lol
                None of them are as bad as Maven who is always essential unfortunately.
                    I didn't kill any unique NPCs that's not an enemy. Not even Nazeem. But when I met that piece of absolute garbage that is Maven. I immediately went and installed a mod just to kill her. 

Then that's where the fun begins, soul trap her for eternity, sacrifice her to a Daedric Prince, your options are endless.
                the times I tried to kill Braith only to repeatedly remind myself she's essential = unkillable..

Nazeem is 1st dead in whiterun, 2nd is Heimskr.

.. then I discovered mods and killmove fucked Braith real good.
            > Once they're gone you will never heard their voice again.

I dunno. Skyrim only has like 3 voice actors.
            Can always just spawn them back in if you really miss them.
                or resurrect them, hit them with recycle actor and move them out of the dead body cell if they end up there after a few days.

Edit: This doesnt work for everyone and can be quite buggy
            I killed them all. Starting at the top left corner of the map. I made the world go dark. Only guards left.
        Just as I got fed up with Faendal, a dragon swooped over riverwood and killed him before I got the chance. He left me all of his posessions. And thats how I got to own a house in Riverwood
            Wait. . . they give you their houses?
                Only happened with Faendal for me. When he died, the letter dude ran up to me to hand me his posessions - about 100 gold and his house key. Hadn't had this happen with any other npc yet but my companions tend to have a long and safe life si ce I prefer traveling alone
                Well, you can loot Faendals key off his body and If they're your follower, you can use their bed. Be careful, though, as not every storage container ist safe. In Faendals house it's only the chest under the table with the bow on it.

Also anything expensive you put in there will be marked as stealing, but since nobody is gonna see you do it, it doesn't really matter.
    Mine was when I killed the shopkeeper at Riverwood. Why? I didn't realise it's an open world game (it was my first) and that I'd have to return to this location later. Why did I kill him though? I wanted some low level item that I was too broke to buy and got caught stealing. :D Great memories from this game!
    Proud to say this was my first crime
Skyrim was my solace when I was a kid with no friends and the early signs of depression. 

Being able to escape to that world, being this dragon killing badass, the music, the map, the story, the lore. 

I haven’t played the game in a while, but every time I look at my Skyrim tattoos, I’m reminded of the good it did for me and I smile.
    ❤
Too true dawg
Games that offer different difficulty settings have truly democratized gaming. I think if you're able to, bumping up the difficulty can be a fun challenge when you've mastered a game at a lower level, but the fact that they exist at all is such a blessing. My wife never played any video games before Skyrim. Because of the gentle learning curve on the lowest difficulty settings, she was able to fully enjoy the game, opening up an entirely new hobby for her. It's been wonderful to watch. I do still suggest to her increasing the difficulty from time to time for a new challenge though.
I actually prefer how skyrim is a bit simpler than certain other elder scrolls games, makes it easier to get into in my opinion.

Also i spent way less time being confused compared to oblivion.
Wholesome.
    r/wholesome
    r/wholesome
I’m an autistic Skyrim fan as well! I’ve played so much that I can now easily get through Legendary and have achieved platinum on ps4, but I love that I was able to experience the learning curve rather smoothly and could definitely feel my confidence rising as a player. I started with a thief-mage and had to quicksave every time I entered a new room because I would get WRECKED. Then I just started gaining confidence and actually just... got good at the game. I’ve played hundred of hours of other games and do not feel as in control as I do in the world of Skyrim. Every now and then I pick it up and start a new character, it’s become kind of an escape for me.

Edit: can we also talk about how Elder Scrolls makes it entirely normal to play as a woman and that, some silly armor aside, I feel like, as a woman, I could actually be the hero in this world? My first playthrough was with a female dark elf, accompanied by Jenassa and Serana, and we just looked totally badass in our armor kicking everyone’s ass.
Bro thats super fucking wholesome man, glad he got to feel self-pride. I recently had my own friends make fun of Mew2king for his autism ... called him ''disgusting'' for basically being different which broke my fucking heart because i like to think my friends are good people. they didn't know i worked with young adults with autism for 4 years, I gave them a mouth full and made fun of their shortcomings just to let them feel how unfair it is.
That's wholesome <3
I was hoping this was building up to the sicket roast of all time but it was just heart-warming.
The true greatest game of all time was the friends we made along the way
Ahhh gaming. It's fucking awesome isn't it!
There's a mod where you can allow multiple followers (up to 6).  I tried it out with the max number of followers, and everywhere I went I led the way and took out as many enemies with archery as I could.  When the bad guys got riled up I backed up and let my goons clean house.  That was a low stress, low pressure way to explore and was pretty fun (for a while).  Might fit your playstyle.
    My first playthrough I didn't realize the follower would go way ahead and take them out..I would continue on and think Wow, why are they all already dead??! Lol
These sands are cold, but Khajiit feels warmness from your presence.
I feel you, OP. 

For me my autism means that I need to manage my thoughts constantly and have to very actively engage with situations in life in order to understand and process them properly. That costs a lot of energy. Every once in a while, it gets so much that I really need to wind down and step away from everything.

That's the moment where Skyrim comes in. A game and world that works like therapy for me. Exactly like you, being able to play on a level that's not too challenging and allows me to have success at my own pace is something that's so comforting and liberating. And the way the game is set up only makes it easier to reach that state of mind.

I agree with you that for some Skyrim is too simplistic compared to other Elder Scroll games, but I think Skyrim is, to me, the most accessible RPG I've played so far. Especially when you really don't want to try hard in life.

Bethesda, I thank you genuinely for being one of my favourite escape routes of reality in my life. All the way back since 2011.
    > and have to very actively engage with situations in life in order to understand and process them properly. 

Can you elaborate for our understanding ?
        Sure! It's probably too much to give you all variations of what I mean with that, so I'll give you a more specific example instead.

For the people I work with/am friends with, they can easily see for themselves what they can expect from a situation, how to react to that and when to give it a place in case there's no reaction necessary immediately. That works differently for me.

Recently a task was being assigned to me that I had to do at work. How I did it, didn't matter. As long as it happened. For me, that means I specifically need to know 1) what, 2) how, 3) where, 4) when and 5) with who. Sometimes there's a 6) why, but not always. 

I need to actively ask myself if I can answer these questions. Otherwise I need to get on finding an answer ASAP to even start working or considering decision-making. Not acting on it results into "overload" in my brain over time because I cannot fill in the blanks.

Now imagine you have 10 tasks assigned to you simultaneously. Then 4 of the tasks will not be clear until 2 days later and another 2 change up constantly out of my control, having to re-adjust very regularly and unexpectedly.

I learned to cope pretty well with this over the years and built systems for myself to make it easier. However, once in a while the "cache" in my brain is going through the roof in size and I need to step out of the whole situation to "defrag" everything. Making mind-maps help a lot with that for me.

I hope this even remotely makes sense. The problem with autism is that there are several things that autistic people have in common, but a lot of things differ per person. One can have trouble understanding other people's emotions, while the other is very good at identifying them.

Let me know if I need to clarify, because I happily do! Maybe next time with a textwall that's a bit smaller, LOL.
    [deleted]
There's nothing more therapeutic than smoking weed while playing Skyrim in Novice, cooking some potatoes, picking some flowers, maybe even making some jewelry to sell at the market.
    > I have cabbages to sell

Honest pay for honest work.

*adds the 4 gold to the 247,000 in my pocket.*
        The best part about this is the people you do this for will like you because of it.

So there is a small chance you might get a gift from one of these people. It's rare, but it can happen
        > I have cabbages to sell

*Aang appears out of nowhere*
    Your comment makes me wonder, have there been many people who've done runs where after Helgen you just ignore the quests and live a domestic life of brewing, crafting, trading, . . .
        My last playthrough I just traveled between towns stealing, smithing, brewing, and enchanting. Didn't start going out into the wilderness until I was about level 35 with fully maxed out daedric gear. Something about the grinding of crafting mechanics felt satisfying.
        Not full playthroughs, but there have definitely been times where I would barely do any dungeons/quests for several days. Just kinda hunting, gathering, brewing, only going into small-ish caves for mushrooms and ore and stuff.
        Not the first time, game kinda holds your hand for a while. But replay? Definitely.
    I honestly recommend VR just so you can lean against your bed and just look at the virtual nature for hours on end.
        Can you mod VR?
    What would be interesting is a game that focused on Skyrim level immersion but more hands off, passive gameplay that you just observe. That way you can make jewelry while your character makes jewelry.
I remember playing as a child for the first time. It really is a great feeling when you can play such a great game, no matter the difficulty.
Fight well dragonborn
Everyone always jokes about stealth archer but running in like a mad man with a 2h or 2 1h in heavy armor is just so fun.
    I tend to dual wield swords and come in hacking like a mad man downing several health potions
When I was in 5th grade I didn’t have a lot of friends or went out that much. I mostly stayed in my room playing skyrim. With all the tasks and how you are the savior of the world I felt wanted and needed. Things are so much better now though, but that’s why skyrim reigns supreme as my favorite game; because it was there when no one else was. Idk maybe that’s pathetic but idc it’s my truth ✌️it just proves that video games are so much more than just violence they can trigger things in your brain when you complete tasks to feel even the slightest bit of accomplishment
Oh to be a young man and experience the wanderlust of leaving helgen and just picking a direction to go
    I did it again just recently. It somehow felt just a fresh as it did years ago.

Adding a bunch of mods to add that element of new discovery/possibilities helped a lot too. Sure, half the locations are familiar, but finding so much new stuff adds a lot.
Not in the same boat as this guy but this has been a thing that has bothered me about modern gaming where difficulty has somehow became some elitist badge of honor, to a point to lock achievements behind difficulty and some games not even offering a difficulty. And when people complain they get mocked and abused (hello Darkest Dungeon steam comments).

When has this become a thing? You have that little going on in your life that clicking buttons has become your pride and accomplishment to a point you gatekeep anyone who might want to diminish this task?

I recognize some devs might not have resources for multiple difficulties, but Rockstar? Souls games devs? Not everyone can or want to play at your set difficulty so just stop being elitist wanks and give people an option.
Great post. Hope you continue to enjoy the experience 🙌🏻
I'm autistic and I've beaten Far Cry 1 on hard.

Some of us like the comfort and softness of Skyrim, some like grinding our teeth into dust taking on brutally hard games. We are diverse group of people from all walks of life.
    NOooooo you are ruining the circle jerk
I think Skyrim has actually gotten better with age. The sheer amount of things to do, the life of all the NPCs and the vistas... I think for me it is the *experience* of Skyrim's world which is really so memorable and engrossing, even a decade later.
    [deleted]
        I finished Dark Souls 1 (yes even freakin Manus and Kalameet), Dark Souls 2 and almost Dark Souls 3 (the Soul of Cinder is just a pain for me lol). I also finished Witcher 2 and Witcher 3 (both great games especially the Touissant DLC in 3). 

Skyrim is still a masterpiece to me...in fact...having played through those games almost makes me even more sure of it. Barely any other game has it that every single NPC literally has their own schedule and does their own things and has their own story...you can hunt down an NPC to assassinate and see how they move from town to town or through the world. You can map out how certain NPCs interact with other NPCs and have their own daily schedules. 

 There are corners of the world with their own strange secrets, hidden NPCs and things to discover. If you blow through the story you might be disappointed, but there is no other game for me where i have literally ignored the main story after the first few quests (I never touch Jarl Balgruuf in Whiterun after reaching Riverrun) and you still have a massive game to play for yourself and world to explore.
Not autistic, but have pretty intense ADHD, this is the only game I can sit down and play for more then 15 minutes, before I need to bounce around for a bit.
    Have you tried DOOM eternal? The fast speed helps me mellow out
Yes, it truly is.
I'm always say the same things. During my first gameplay , the journey from Whiterun to High Hrothgar by horse during the night. It was one of my best experience during in a game
    Fuck now I want to go do it again for the 9000th time.
I wouldn't say it's the greatest game of all time, but it is pretty good
    It has it's place on the pantheon
Making games more accessible is just fantastic. Love it
This is why easy difficulty settings matter and are valid
This post feels like such karma bait.
Isn't that kinda most games though?

"I'm autistic, and I can play this game on easy mode"

Ummm, pretty sure that's not a feature unique to Skyrim...
    I think the point was it's not as loud and in your face as other games are. Like sure you can switch difficulties but with how old skyrim is it still holds up and has something for different types of gamers unlike most other games
    How else we gonna circlejerk about "greatest game of all time!!"
It’s enough to make a grown man cry
    Spread out the oil, the gasoline, I walk smooth, ride in a mean, mean machine
I'm not autistic but I've always preferred the easier difficulties in Skyrim.
See, that's the reason why I don't understand people who are against easy modes in games. If it helps people enjoy the game, let them have it.
Where the fuck is part VI?!
    It’s in 2026 lol.
I am a souls fanboy, but Skyrim novice is a bliss
Im replaying Skyrim right now lol, but if you like Skyrim you may also enjoy the fallout series
I don’t ever play on game modes like story but I am glad these things exist so anyone that wants to be able to play at a level for them is able to.
[removed]
My father scored like 200h+ on novice, enjoying every bit of it. He's not disabled or anything, simply not skilled AT ALL with a controller lol. So yeah, accessibility for the win :)
Im tearin up because someone just stole my sweetroll, yeah, thats it.
Not gonna lie, this review looks kinda like someone from 4chan shitting on the game.
    Not gonna lie I thought it was a /r/TrueSTL post at first
    No it doesn't try read again, I thought first time just like you
        What's your problem man? It could be unironic, it could be someone's sarcastic creative writing excercise. You will never know which.
I get really confused and don't know what to do at some point in the game. Most of the time if I left around without a purpose in a game that becomes boring to me. And I know there are games with better stories but skyrim has a simpler ui and and the combat is easy to get into. Skyrim is one of the first games I played on pc. But even then I still didn't have any problem getting into it. Most games have gigantic skill trees and lots of different mechanics and a very complicated combat system. But skyrim feels simplistic and I like simplistic games.
[removed]
    Godamn let him enjoy the game without your bullshit and he has an actual medical condition
Best game ever 😌
The game has similar charm that's diablo 2 had. A combination of soundtrack, environment, and nostalgia.
How wholesome! Everything that helps must be good :')
Skyrim changing lives
Without reading the review I thought this was another sales pitch by Todd Howard
I had a bad wow addiction when Skyrim came out. It was like methadone for me. I’ll always love it.
It’s stuff like that which make me tear up because it reminds me how privileged I am and makes me realise how silly it is when I moan about such trivial things
Fus_Roh_ Dawwwwwwww
To this day Skyrim is my go to.. I must’ve played it through at least 10 times so far.. I might put it down for a few years and then pick it up and it’s magic all over again
The best 1000 hours i ever spent.

I love that game.
AHHHHH WHOLESOMEEEEEEE
Can’t wait for the new elder scrolls
My Play time : Never finished the Main Story and playing the game ( 30% ) 70% of my Playtime in Modding and fixing Modlist...
Guy should play Morrowind next and fight some cliff racers.
I am double on the spectrum with ADHD and autism. The autism doesn't really effect how I play a game, but my ADHD can sometimes make it harder for me to stick to a game. I've refunded numerous games over the past month due to them not really grabbing my attention, but the games that I go back to are Skyrim and ESO online.  


I really don't know why those games stick too much to me. Is it because it's another world to escape to, with the calming music and the beautiful scenery? Is it because I can be something that I cannot be in the real world (evil lizard lady)?

I honestly have no idea, but all I know is that its a good game to go to when I have nothing else to play.
    Have you tried any of the new DOOM games? They definitely scratch an itch for my ADHD, especially when my mind is going too fast for me
I bought a whole new Xbox 360 and another copy of the game just so my younger brother and I could play side by side on different TVs of course, one of the best summer vacations ever
real talk i'd say Skyrim really is the greatest game of all time
"I'm only novice"

Still a badass dragon slayer.
But then he took an arrow to the knee.
The title says it all
Seconds after reading this meme: Ah, you’re finally awake.
Really glad that you have found a game to enjoy!! Regardless of the hate this game receives it really is a fantastic game.  Don't feel bad about playing it on a low difficulty level.  I personally despise what they did with difficulty scalling.  Just increasing mob health and attack powers does NOT make the game more difficult, only tedious.  Hope you continue to enjoy this awesome community.
I'm also autistic along with severe anxiety. Skyrim has always been a very therapeutic game for me. It relaxes my nerve and allows me to temporarily escape any problems I have in life. It allows me to become another person, one who can overcome obstacles, and really boosted my self-esteem when I was younger. I'll always have a place in my heart for this game, as it was always something that helped soothe me when I needed it the most.
Man I'm gonna have to play Skyrim again aren't I
It really is one of the greatest... I wish i could experience it fot the first time again
No disagreement here, playa.
As a gamer with autism, this is beautiful
I wanna start another playthrough so bad but unfortunately it would take a while weekend just to get the mods sorted out...
This is lovely. In my experience, Skyrim is one of the best games for neurodivergent fans of fantasy. It was really soothing for me during some of the most difficult times of my life.
I broke down and started it a few days ago. It was on sale in the Playstation store only $15.99,  I’m very happy with it so far.
for me it's tied with Fallout 4 .both are my go-to games when nothing new looks good .
Morrowind: *ohhhh we have thought provoking quest investigating*

Skyrim:



I love Skyrim, don't have the time for morrowind whatsoever.
Yes!! There are so many ways to play and many difficulty settings. It is easy to follow and understand story and control wise, and you don't even have to do any quests if you don't want to. It's a diverse and amazing game.

As someone currently being assessed for ASD, COD was very overwhelming but I liked the gun idea. Skyrim had given me confidence and competence gaming, and Hitman 2 has helped me get used to different settings and being rewarded for actually failing (like, redoing missions again and again reveal better methods and such that give more experience). I can now play Red Dead 2 happily thanks to those games, they've really helped me.
Can relate in a way. When I tell people I like videogames, they assume I play fps shooters and yell at people in voicechat... No, I'm just taking a stroll through the forest, admiring the landscape, discovering treasures in ruins, reading nerd lore books and fangirling over NPC's.

And the fact that the modding community is so huge makes it even better. Anything you dislike or miss in the game? There's a mod for it.

I personally play Skyrim on Adept (took me a while though, finding my perfect playstyle first) but most other games I play on the easiest settings and still struggle... It's okay though as long as you have fun :)
I love playing oblivion on really easy difficulty settings
Like the game. Have difficulty explaining it to my parents 

Why do you like this game

In my head Cause I get to be a murderer, werewolf, dragon slayer, thief, assassin, wizard, vampire or just a general dick with speech 100.

Speaking aloud Cause its got good music.
I’m also autistic. I can play the game apprentice so I’m better. (Of course there is only one autistic and everyone has the same level issues in there autism of course)
I’ll be frank Skyrim difficulty isn’t the greatest  because it just makes things into damage sponges
I don't think I'm autistic but honestly part of the reason I love Skyrim so much is for the same reason. Sometimes games like assassin's creed are hard for me to grasp, so Skyrim feels nice and simple and like I don't suck at it.
Lol this guy shouldnt worry about the difficulty anything above adept is pretty hard
How is it that it's always people with disabilities are the nicest ones
I have anger issues so games like Skyrim on a hard difficulty really drive me up the wall. I’m glad that novice difficulty is a thing so I don’t have to worry about getting frustrated and ruining my day. I can relax to some good old Skyrim at the end of a long day.
It’s weird how aggressively mediocre the greatest game of all time is. I played it at launch, I have by my count purchased it 9 times, not counting the free Special edition for having all the DLC when it came out. Thousands of hours and 10 1/2 almost 11 years later, I’m still playing it.
Anybody else got a tear in their eye. Bless you dude!
Reading through this thread, I'm starting to think I might be autistic
does anybody else here on r/skyrim like skyrim
This is exactly why every game should have a easy mode.
    I don't think every game needs it.
    Not souls. Never souls.
    Rule one of game development is that this is going to be someone's first game. That's why some games tend to have "just the story" as a difficulty where everything is easy
Nobody is perfect, more so a pc game. You do not need to be perfect. Because it's the imperfect inside everyone that makes the good parts shines even more.

Look for the shiny part inside you. I'm sure it will shine brighter than anyone
Dark Souls: git gud loser
    I knew I wouldn't have to scroll down far in /controversial to find you.

Praise the Sun and let these normies get back to their save scumming  :D
    [deleted]
        Agree
One thing I love about Skyrim that stood out from other games is that from the moment you start, you are praised for being a badass. I found it really empowering. In other games the other characters are like calling you a newbie at the beginning, but in Skyrim you're becoming a thane at the beginning.
A guy on the Skyrim sub saying it’s the best game of all time. How surprising!
Is this a serious review or a troll? Seems too straightforward to be serious.
I have ~~ass burgers~~ aspergers, whis is a form of high-functioning autism. In terms of social ineractions, I suck TERRIBLY. But I absolutely love gaming. The funny thing is that in terms of genres, I can suck *or* I can play like a pro. In FPS, I can go on a murder spree in Halo or Star Wars Battlefront multiplayer. But put me in a Call of Duty or Battlefield scenario, I'm dead in a few seconds. 

RPGs? My skill actually depends on how much I actually enjoy playing the games. Skyrim and Borderlands 2 are my favorite and therefore I play them pretty well. MMORPGs? What's fun about hitting the same numbers on the hotbar for the same op combo every time you're in a fight? What kind of madman enjoys that dull repetitiveness?

Well, I guess you could call me a madman when I start doing a pretty good villain laugh when I slay the whole enemy team with an ultimate in Overwatch. MOBAS! I used to love the mobile game VainGlory when it was just 3v3, but I feel its downfall came when it tried adding 5v5 stuff and compete with big names like League of Legends and DOTA 2. 3v3 times were the, heh, *glory* days. For other stuff, it's hard to enjoy a MOBA when the rest of your team doesn't act like a team. Overwatch is one such case, where 80% of my matches are a bunch of solo acts on my team and a pro-league team on the other side. UuuUuuUuUUuuuugh...

Finally, Strategy Games! The very first PC game I played when I was very young was StarCraft. Man, I still love playing through the campaigns. It's so satisfying for me to see a defense or an offense I've set up absolutely demolish the enemy with little to no casualties. And then I started to enjoy games like Civ and Angry Birds. (Yes, back in it's first debut in 2009. Feel old yet? XD) Success from a well-thought-out plan, I can't describe a more satisfying feeling.

I play plenty of other games in each genre, but those are the tops that I enjoy.
I didn't know you can feel pride playing a video game.
Far from it. It’s not even the best elder scrolls.
    Oblivion is the right answer.
        I think you meant to say Morrowind.
    [deleted]
        Literally every product is made to make money
I know it’s just bad etiquette to come into a sub and talk down on its topic, but Skyrim did a fantastic job of teaching me what I like about video games. 

I’ve poured 500+ hours into the game according to Steam, and at one point I enjoyed the game ALOT. Even before I discovered Mods. 

Now a days the game just makes me sick. I don’t want to explain what I dislike about the game, it’s design, or how Bethesda’s handled it, but I do want to talk about how magical this game is. 

I still haven’t found a game where I can create a character and a full fledge roleplay and the game will somehow welcome me with open arms and throw me the exact tools I need to complete the run. 

I’m very glad so many people still enjoy this game! There’s a lot to enjoy, but personally I’m just no longer a fan. Even after installing mods it always boils down to “it’s still Skyrim.”
real talk i'd say Skyrim really is the greatest game of all time
I've OCD and Skyrim is nearly unplayable for me lol
WHOLESOME 100
Nah,nothing will ever top wild hunt,but skyrim is up there as well
Lol not even close
Nah, Morrowind was. Skyrim was second greatest imo
The problem I have with Skyrim is mostly focused on its combat, actually.  It’s not really very skill based, and your survival in encounters is more based on what abilities and perks your character has, and how leveled you are in comparison to your enemies.  If your enemies out level you, there’s pretty much no way to survive.  If you are matched with or higher than your enemies, it’s a piece of cake.  

For someone like me, it’s also very tempting, because of those high level encounters, to manipulate the game.  In most of the playthroughs I’ve done, I’ve used the resto pot loop to create weapons and armor that one hit everything and make my character nigh invincible.  

The environment of the game is beautiful, and the stories are all very interesting (especially the Dark Brotherhood line) but I just can’t get behind the combat anymore.  I need games where the mechanics themselves present challenge no matter your character’s level, (sekiro, nioh 2, etc)
    The combat isn't supposed to have depth to it. The game is supposed to be a relaxing open world power fantasy. Having complex combat would kill that relaxing feeling entirely. You're also a reincarnated god, too.
        Lol at the “you’re a reincarnated god” comment.  I’ve had Skyrim, red dead redemption, and many other “self playing” open world games ruined for me with the ball busting intensity of FromSoft games.  It’s like being a drug addict.  Luckily, other games, like God of War and Jedi Fallen Order on max difficulty have approximated that feeling.

I do hope that Elder Scrolls 6 has slightly more complex melee combat than “hit, dodge, block,” maybe a directional hit system sort of like for honor?  The magic combat wasn’t half bad, but it’s slow as hell to level, and most spells are useless.
            Not every game needs to be a complex unforgiving puzzle. Skyrim's magic is that anyone can pick it up and play it. Dark Souls isn't that, and most players give up shortly into it because the idea of a game is for something to pick up and relax to. To have a complex combat system would ruin that entirely. If you can't just pick it up and play and relax, it's not Elder Scrolls. That's the audience they want to build

If it's not for you, then don't play it, as you've said, fromsoft games are your forte, so play more fromsoft games. Have you checked out their PS1 games?
                I haven’t gotten a chance to play those yet, but I’m sure I will at some point.  

And yeah, you’re right that Skyrim and the rest of TES is a more relaxing and casual experience.  They probably shouldn’t be making it as hard as the fromsoft games.  I do think a reasonable request for the next entry is that difficulty selections include more than just enemy damage/player health sliders.
                    Now that I do agree with, although the difficulty slider fixes the broken leveling of Oblivion, I actually want difficulty to be difficulty. Increase enemy count, give them more attacks, make them smarter
[deleted]
Since I am also an autist I feel the need to point out that Skyrim is a very hand holding game creating an illusion that the player is ever in charge.
I disagree, I think Donkey Kong was the best game of all time.
Very wholesome but Skyrim is far from the GOAT. There are so many bugs, and weird combat, and boring moments in this game. It's still fun but come on.

Edit: Of course I'd get down voted on this subreddit, lol. That was to be expected. Greatest of all time is subjective, but I can't picture anyone actually sincerely say Skyrim is the goat. How?
    One man's junk is another man's treasure. 

You'll find your treasure someday pal.
        I already have found my treasure 14 years ago, and it's re-releasing next month. Super excited as are Blizzard fans. Burning Crusade btw.
            Oh nice! Enjoy!
        That came off weirdly condescending, BTW.

Edit: I’m right. You’re all just offended someone would say the obvious truth that Skyrim isn’t the greatest game of all time.
            Huh, I felt the comment he replied to came off as condescending instead.
                Yea, coming to a sub of a game just to criticize it and say you can't like it is extremely condescending and stupid
    Well what is the GOAT?
        Billy. A clichéd name for a goat, for sure, but that was his name. He reigned supreme over part of our property for quite some time. A meadow which tapered off into a small pine forest, which had a bridge over a brook. After school I used to go and talk to Billy about my troubles at school and life in general. He didn't really seem to care much at all, but that didn't matter. One day Billy actually headbutted me from the bridge into the brook. That was OK. I sat among the fleshly plants for some time and observed a slug with transparent flesh—full of purple and red veins it was. I thought it may be poisonous but it was nice to look at. Some time later Billy fell off that bridge and broke his legs. My father had to shoot him. My brother watched, but I could not. I cried in the kitchen when I heard the gunshot. Billy. Wherever he is now, he likely cares not for me at all. But I think about that goat every day.
My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest. I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I'm in bed by 11 PM, and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what. After having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning. Just like a baby, I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up. I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies, like winning and losing, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness. Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone.
    Beans
[removed]
    [removed]
I recommend Dark Souls it’s alot like Skyrim
    No, it's not. The only thing they have in common is that they're in the fantasy genre. Gameplay, style, worldbuilding, and even interaction are entirely different.
Oblivion was better.
    [deleted]
        Could not agree more, the theives guild quest line in oblivion is my absolute favorite
        [deleted]
    then go to r/oblivion
    Morrowind was best.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
    Why do you come to the Skyrim sub amd say this on a post that it's not relevant at all to? Sounds like a trollin
Shadow Warrior 2 had the best description for easy. "At the end of the day, we all just wanna have fun feel like a hero, and that's all that's important here". It doesn't mock you, but encourages the easy difficulty
    Larian studios called their easiest mode “story mode” (IIRC) “for those that just want to enjoy the story” which I thought was cool of them.
I think it depends on the game too. Skyrim can be an overpowered power fantasy because that's the point. *It's the fucking Dragonborn.*

I play the modern God of War games on easy for the same reason. The Norse world is softer than the Greek one.
Can’t argue with that!
If someone doesn't make a mod for this I'm not gonna die in peace
Savage
But why put a billboard where nobody will see it?
I played Skyrim first before Oblivion. In fact Skyrim was basically the first real Open World Single Player RPG I've ever played, before that I guess WoW but that's an MMO. I tried Oblivion more than a few times, couldn't really get into it at first until I actually sat down and forced myself to play for more than an hour. I began to actually really enjoy it. I'd say it's a lot easier to play than Skyrim, but still really enjoyable. The only real gripe for newcomers is the RP depth. You are better off choosing a build from the start so you don't have a bad time later on. Hope this gives you some motivation to try it out at least. Also Elder Scrolls lore is a lot of fun to get into if you haven't started already!
    I got Skyrim for Christmas last year , which was my first time ever playing an elder scrolls game, and by golly I’ve read every single book in the game, and I’ve fawned over elder scrolls lore channels. This shit is like a drug.

Edit: thank you guys for all the amazing suggestions! This community is awesome.
        If you are looking for lore books outside of Skyrim, give *Dark Elves, Dark Hearts* a read. It’s from ESO I believe. It’s my favorite piece of lore in Elder Scrolls, hands down. It’s the story of an Orc visiting Morrowind. Reading it in the Skyrim “Male Orc NPC” voice really does it for me lol.
            Haha yeah I’ll definitely give it a read!
        There’s a podcast where they just read through every book in Skyrim. Only annoying part is so many episodes are listening to a 35 second intro for 12 seconds of someone’s journal.
            What’s the podcast name? I need to listen to this
                Looks like it is called Skyrim Book Club
                    Nice! Thank you so much!
            Yes, I need to batch download and automate something to snip out the first 30 seconds of the minute or two of total running length of each episode.
                Please lmk if you crack that
        I did the exact same lol. Still do after almost 10 years. I got it early christmas of 2011 and I've bought the game 3 more times since that special gift, Special Edition on Xbone and recently PC, and the Switch Edition. Easily top 10 of my most favorite games of all time.
            I finally continued my file, havent played since 2013 on Xbox 360. Transferred my save to the PC Version, so glad I was able to continue and not start over! Missed this game so much!
                Wow.... and here I am starting on a newly modded setup (moreso now... Wabbajack is like crack) every 6 months before real life gets in the way at around level 20 and I end up being a pleb in back in Riverwood/Falkreath again six months later.
                    I'm more like you, any time I've left a save alone for more than a couple of weeks I start over.
                        I have 3 SSE wabbajack sets and one LE version installed even now, and I am still not sure which one is "right" but I get them all mixed up and can't remember what I am doing. Time to start again at that campsite outside the Helgen cave.
                    ive dropped 300+ hours into the game on 360. def didint want to start over lol
            hehe, long time Elder Scrolls fan here, I started with TES: Arena (really ancient stuff) and got hooked.  Morrowind was crazy good, played both DLCs and still wanted more. Best of them all plot wise.  Oblivion changed up the style, it was such a bright flowery landscape where Morrowind was dark desert, but there was so much to do and so many places to go and I played that for years, till Skyrim came out in 2011.  Been playing Skyrim ever since, and that's where I got into modding.  It's really hard now to go back to the old graphics, I can't stand vanilla Skyrim now after modding it for so long. I wore out the old DVD disc and bought a replacement twice before buying Steam based legendary edition.  I still play constantly, always trying new mods, SE came free on Steam so I run that game as well and just switch back and forth. Thanks to modding the Skyrim I play now constantly changes with new content, which keeps it fresh and interesting.
            Yeah it’s so amazing. The community is also super great everyone is so nice. Everything about elder scrolls is awesome
        I have Skyrim on every console I own (pc/ps3/ps4/Xbox) but I have never gotten past level25 lol, the other day I was looking for a game for my switch because all I have are kiddy type games for it and I wanted an adventure. Lo and behold, Skyrim was on sale. Idk what about it being on switch is different but I can not put it down now, I’ve put maybe 30 hours into it in the past week and a half. Play it even at work and read the lore while I’m sitting there. It’s also helped me stay sober, so it’s a win win for me and it’s brought a light back into my life.
            I’m so happy it helped you stay sober! That’s awesome homie!
        >this shit is like a drug

Well, for starters, it was made on drugs.
        I love how deep the story goes and especially the mysteries like the Dwemer. I can’t wait to see what they will do with the next one. Make sure you guys eat healthy and exercise so we can all live long enough to play it
            The dwemner are the most interesting race to me by far!!
    Summer of 2006: My older cousin came over and pirated a bunch of the newest games onto my Dad’s PC for us. Before that I only really had access to the original Tomb Raider, Star Wars, and Wolfenstein games. 

Oblivion changed my 11 year-old life that summer, no joke. I was beyond blown away by the seemingly endless world, the customization, countless weapons and armour, and quests/enemies to find all over. I didn’t even use fast travel, I rode/ran everywhere. 

That game opened my eyes to the possibilities of computer technology, but it was also the spark that lead me into a lifelong obsession with the past, specifically medieval/ancient history.
        And then there was me when I got Morrowind when I was about twelve. I could say I loved the immersion, the lore but in reality I just loved bashing people over the head with a massive hammer then sleeping in their bed
            17yo me building a pillow fort on top of one of the guard towers in Balmora out of pillows I liberate during my travels.  In the middle, a giant tower of human skulls neatly stacked on top of each other rising into the sky.
    Don't forget playing on easy. I play to get away from my stress, and I don't want to worry about dying. Thankfully so many devs understand that.
        I know this is old, but legit curious here. If this is how you feel about media, then why play video games, or why play video games with enemies? Videogames from the start were made with challenge in mind, not really as a 'passive' experience, so it's somewhat odd to me that someone that feels this way would like playing videogames at all, or at least videogames with enemies or skill levels. Sorry if I'm coming off as argumentive or anything, not trying to, just genuinely curious about it.
            You might be interested in reading about [flow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)).  For some people, the effort vs. progress ratio is a bit different.
                That is really interesting actually. However, there are games specifically geared towards low skill/exploration, "walking simulators", stuff like Journey, things that seem to fit that need more. Like I wouldn't expect a casual gamer to enjoy Dark Souls or Arma or 4x games because they're not really meant for that audience. So in the flow chart, a low skill player would have anxiety playing something challenging, applying it here, a low "stress" player would Have anxiety playing a high "stress" game. So a low skill player generally avoids challenging games, I guess I'm curious why a low stress player wouldn't play low stress games. Is the exploration of Skyrim vs those other games just that big of a quality gap that someone would be willing to brave the stress? Of course I'm not trying to say you shouldn't play whatever game you want but I personally don't play something outside of my preferences even if it is really good.
                    It'd not necessarily skill level (I once even beat a Korean in StarCraft at university), grew up with GoldenEye, even beat BioShock Infinite on normal without dying once, etc. But what I eventually learned is I just don't *enjoy* that challenge; it's more stress than enjoyment. I guess my fulfillment comes from parenting and my job. Yeah, that's the word, it's not fulfilling like it once was
                    When you're already stressed, more stress is the last thing you need.

Stress is not the same thing as obstacles. Walking simulators remove obstacles.

Skyrim on easy = lots of obstacles with low stress. When you're stressed in life with obstacles already, succeeding at some without stress isn't boring, it stands in as the artificial resolution of what was left unfinished in life. The illusions breaks the next morning but the relief is rejuvenating.
    I’m actually opposite. First played oblivion. Put like 700 hours into it. Loved to death. Skyrim only 100 and couldn’t quite dig into it as much as I wanted. Maybe I prefer slightly more closed games. Both games masterpieces though.
    For anyone who plays Oblivion based on this: do NOT hand in Azura's Star to Brother Martin (the questgiver voiced by Sean Bean). Get a different daedric artefact and give him that. Azura's Star is a reusable grand soul gem, and the game is a very different experience with it than without it.
Pro tip: when playing any game, look into accessibility settings and see what you can do with those, even if they aren't specifically designed for autism. For example: I can get overstimulated very quickly by sound, but in Minecraft there is a special setting for deaf players. It shows sound effects on screen, like "creeper hiss left" or "lava flow above". Perfect!
Ayyyyy I'm happy for you man!
> I know Skyrim isn't perfect and a lot of fans of the older games don't like how simple it is compared to them

As one of those older fans, Skyrim is great. And I think most of them would love to have Morrowind on Skyrim's engine. What they are missing is the same story depth and general "weirdness" in the world building that Elderscrolls used to have. The way the games play gets better and better, but with each iteration, the Elderscrolls world becomes more generic fantasy and less its own unique thing. I think thats what most old timers want a return to. Something that has its OWN identity, Mushrooms and crabs, robot gods, not Dungeons and Dragons fps.
    https://tesrskywind.com/

It's taken forever but slowly but surely they've gotten more and more done.
        *fingers crossed* some day maybe...
    It feels like everything Morrowind focused on (The locale, Argonians, Dwemer) is super interesting and deep, while everything focused on in future games is kind of lacking.
Happy to welcome you to the Skyrim family
Thats super nice to hear dude!!! Im happy for you!
Your post made me so happy. Isn't Skyrim lovely...it's so relaxing just looking at nature and exploring, isn't it?

Oblivion is the same feeling for me. I don't know what in Oblivion needs adjusted for you to use it the same way as Skyrim, bit you know your needs and I'm sure you'll find your mods for it.

I just played Morrowind for the first time. I know people love the game but I wasn't so impressed. It didn't give me that same peaceful feeling like Oblivion or Skyrim did. Morrowind is a little more nerve-wracking with plenty of creatures just coming at you from the edges of the road and the sky. All I wanna do is run around and pick some herbs! And the Vivec city is a freaking nightmare to find anything. I wanted to play it so much for many years but it just doesn't have the same feeling as Oblivion or Skyrim, at least not for me.

I turn down my difficulty as well. Skyrim's a game for me to explore, play, see nature, feel a sense of adventure, and collect treasures. Oh and visit and fix up my houses 🙂
    I liked collecting gems. I had a big pile of gems in the kitchen on the floor in Breezehome in Whiterun. Never sold them, just hoarded them like a dragon(born).
    I feel the same way too, Skyrim is just so easy to get lost in  and spend hours just walking around, doing quests and helping people. It gives me such a warm feeling inside
welcome to tamriel, brother!
Bruh i have gotten lost several times until i found that a spell which shows you a path to the quest exists
    And I feel like that spell takes you on a crazy path. I would sometimes just think I would use the map and just end up walking backwards and using the jump to scale a mountain, only to get stuck in a dead end. Then you use the spell and it's lots of twists and turns.
        I have never not knowingly spent an extra hour scaling a mountain than take a more circuatous route. To all fellow goats out there! Shadowmere also is a 4x4 in horse form.
            I never use a horse. Maybe the first playthrough but too expensive. I should have used one the last time I played when I made stupid powerful amulets and was extremely rich.
                Shadowmere is free (in terms of gold) and respawns if it dies!
                    It takes a while to get to and the actual act of finding it can be annoying with how difficult navigation is in the Soul Cairn, but the horse you can get in the Dawnguard DLC, Arvak, is another free horse that is incredible to have, given you can summon him at any outdoor area.
                        You're thinking of the skeleton horse I forget his name but Shadowmere is from dark brotherhood, nvm reread it I misunderstood
I’m hoping ES6 will have a survival/hardcore mode where you have to sleep, eat and maybe navigate yourself, then a normal mode where it’s like Skyrim. Sometimes I like playing games like Outward and Kingdom Come, other times I just want to chill and explore, if ES6 had both it’d be a dream come true
    I'm sure there will be a mod if nothing else.
    Sometimes you wanna be the prisoner, other times you wanna be an anime MC that has plot armor. Like someone else said, there's always mods.
People are remaking oblivion and Morrowind on Skyrim's engine. The projects are called Skywind and Skyblivion. If you want versions of those games that play more like Skyrim, that might be what you're waiting for.
I'm so happy for you. I hope you continue having fun in a way that works for you!
I’m right there with you Skyrim was my first Elder scrolls game. I tried the older ones but never could get into them couldn’t quite place why. However I’m on like play through like 500 trying to 100% the game all over again.
    Same here. After playing Skyrim first I just could not get into Oblivion, much less Morrowind. Which makes me kind of sad I guess, but then I just play Skyrim some more and I get over it lol.
Nothing is wrong with a game being accessible which might be misinterpreted as "easy".  Designing it to be "easy" that sacrifices authenticity which leads to lazy programming and uninspired mechanics is the problem.
I love how I can make Skyrim as challenging as I want it to be.

I'll add a hundred mods, some of which make combat a little more challenging, but I can always turn down the settings if I'm having "a bad day" with overstimulation and just want to relax a little.
Damn wholesome, make a brother wanna cry. Gaming is a safe haven for everyone, whatever form or genre or platform, video games should be accessible to everyone, to better oneself and ignite happiness!
"I know Skyrim isnt perfect". Incorrect sir, incorrect.
    #IT JUST WORKS
I highly highly recommend Enderal , which is a mod for Skyrim and Morrowind. Both are great experiences.
 You might wanna keep an eye out for skyblivion and skywind projects. They aim to recreate the older two games to run on skyrims engine. Still ways to go, mind you, but they are actively working on it.
Have you tried Fallout 4? It's a little more loud and "explosive" but you may enjoy it if you enjoy skyrim! :)
    I did get a Fallout game for the PS3 but it was horribly ported and barely worked so I'll try to get a copy off Steam or something and see if I have a better experience. Thanks for the recommendation!
        Hey there, I'm autistic too, and I also recommend Fallout 4. You can turn the volume for sound effects (gunfire) down if it is too much. Both Skyrim and Fallout 4 scratch an itch in my brain that most games just can't.
            You can also just do a stealth playthrough with a silent weapon and never get into gunfights (outside of quests where there's some scripted fight that has to happen I guess). Obsessively modding rifles into the best possible sniper variant was pretty good fun for me, even in the vanilla game without mods. One of the better systems Bethesda has made in recent memory imo.
    I think they’d be overwhelmed. When you go in to kill mode or whatever it’s called, the blasts can get *really* loud.

And the turrets. And mines.
        You can turn down the volume of gunfire etc plus use mods for that. I understand though, I just thought maybe they could try it :)
If you sit down and just force yourself to get into Oblivion for a bit, it'll grab you right by the brain lobes and never let go. The map is a little less idiotproof than Skyrim - honestly the UI isn't amazing - but there are things about it that rock so fucking hard. You can fight underwater and the magic is BOSS. 

Don't worry about Morrowind. The UI is heinous.
    To me Morrowind feels a lot more like a D&D campaign. It is a much tougher game and I understand how some people don't like it but it has always been one of my favorites.
        i get so fuckin triggered by morrowind combat lmao. every time i "miss" i turn into the guy from the Star Trek movies, just I SAW IT HAPPEN DON'T TELL ME IT DIDNT HAPPEN

when i have time to get into my games, i'm gonna shove a bunch of mods up its keister to make the gameplay tolerable so i can fuck with it. honestly, i wish Morroblivion had been finished and polished up. i think that would be the ideal remaster (fuck Skyrim's engine honestly, i don't wanna play a version of Morrowind where I can't kill things underwater or rain down fire from midair)
    Oblivion was fun but I got impatient about spending all the hours so i juked the difficulty controls and played God mode instead. I think it happened because I got sucked into a zone with yeti and didn't have any weapons or anything and kept dying.
        but it's so satisfying when you get high enough leveled and can destroy everything. making custom spells is incredible, i have a custom spell that does incredible AoE damage but with a paralysis & immunity to magic/elements effect on target as well as a heal on target. so you knock an ally down and heal them while blasting the shit out of everything else

i call it "get down mr president"
The best part about skyrim is that you can make it as complicated as you want with mods
It's amazing the variety of symptoms in stuff like autism. I'm not directly diagnosed but thats mostly because it's a very lengthy process but my therapist is sure that I am so I'm gonna take their word for it. And I have a brilliant sense of direction. I don't suffer sensory over load. But I have most other symptoms. It really shows how little we really know about the mind and its querks.
    It's a WIDE spectrum. I do have sensory overload occasionally, and I avoid socialising whenever possible. But when I do, I keep impeccable eye contact, and although I struggle to read people, I can follow conversation near perfectly though understanding of language and tone. 

The major similarity I've noticed with other strands is that I completely freak when plans change suddenly, or an event takes me by surprise. It's like my body wants to shut down and my head just... zone out.  But still, I'm classed as high functioning, and many of my issues have been put down to OCD rather than asperger's ayndrome or autism directly.  And since they did diagnose the OCD and change my meds to ones specially designed for the condition, it has helped wonders. I'm happily married too, and have been for years. Like I said, autism is a wide spectrum with many differing states of existence. .
Maybe I’m autistic.
How do you feel about turnbased games? I'm not autistic, but have had some issues similar to sensory overload as a kid and was always much worse at FPS games in particular because of it, but turnbased games really changed gaming for me. In some of them there's a ton to keep track of, but you can always take it at your own pace meaning you can actually think through your decisions and try to figure out what you want to do, or what the game wants you to do. I especially recommend XCOM 2, Battle Brothers and (if you want a multiplayer game you can play with your friends) Blood Bowl 3 (when it's released, until then you can go with Blood Bowl 2 but it has the worst menus of any game I've ever played).

The only problem I could think of with these games is that because they're turn based and thus slower in general, they also tend to be pretty difficult to make up for it, and don't always have an option to lower the difficulty.
[deleted]
    It's not just for people with disabilities.  It also makes it available for a much younger audience.  I've played the last 3 ESO games and honestly, Skyrim isn't that much more "dumbed" down than Oblivion or Morrowind.  Morrowind's magic and enchanting system were much more complicated.  Also it's faction aspect was more complicated and some of it's quests were sort of difficult.  Less so with Oblivion.

.

Skyrim has proven itself over the last 10 years to be one of the best games of all time (more so with mods) and imo is equal to or better than any other ESO game.
Have you tried earlier assassins creed? The mechanics are really simple. I’m thinking specifically the ezio triology (2, brotherhood, revelations)

Minimal gun fire. (As mentioned) simple mechanics. Fantastic story. Incredibly beautiful music.
    I have a bunch of Assassins Creed games for my PS3 that I was going to try though I did have difficulty learning the controls and the lack of subtitles was a pain. I'll give them another go soon ^^
        Hm. I always had subtitles on. I wonder if they’re more configurable on PS4. 

I bought the ezio triology for like 20$$ if that’s an option for you. Maybe run a quick Google search to see if it’d be worth your time investing in. Idk, not trying to tell you how to run your life ha
My son is autistic. I play FPS exclusively and he tries to play with me and gets overwhelmed really easy so I just say "buddy, don't get upset. It'll come for you. Let's play something more comfortable for you. The point is to have fun together". We play alot of his games as a result. This comment really opened my eyes. I won't even suggest them anymore. Maybe it won't come for him. Thanks for the perspective
    I should be thanking you for reading my comment and finding it helpful! It's great to know that my experiences are helping people find games better suited to them when they're ND ^^

I don't know what games you play with him but I used to play Minecraft, Just Dance, various racing games and puzzle platformers like Little Big Planet with my siblings so maybe he might like those. They allowed for some healthy competition and relaxing downtime depending on what we were doing so maybe those could work.
        My son is amazing at Minecraft. It is his favorite game. It's unreal how well he builds. I try so hard bc I really enjoy playing it. It's alot of fun. But I can't match what he does and he does it so easy and he is only 8. But i try bc it's just so much fun. And he will say "great job dad you're getting so much better" haha. Fuckin roll reversal. I'll suggest these other games. He alos loves Kingdom Hearts. All of them. I guess bc of the Disney characters and story lines. Thanks for the suggestions. Honestly!!!!
Man I've played TES games since Daggerfall way back in the day and for all its faults, Skyrim I think is the funnest.

I still think Morrowind is the "best," in terms of depth and story, but the gameplay is pretty clunky compared to Skyrim.
Just wait until you get to a certain cave. You will either love it more or hate it. :D
    If you're talking about Blackreach, I've gone through it a few times and found it annoying but not too stressful. I even started there on a modded playthrough once
        Than you are a more patient person than I am. I thought I was going to just clear one more cave, sell off everything and go to bed. I'm a person who likes to methodically clear everything and Blackreach was just hell for me. But I guess that's what also makes it a good game.
        What do you mean "not so stressful???"

.

Last time I'm in there, I tried to pick up crimson nirnroot when I accidentally met with like 10 or 20 "wispmothers" down there. DO YOU KNOW HOW SCARED I WAS?!?
I played all the games oblivion was first Skyrim was the last one I played, I prefer to play Skyrim for the simplicity of the game. No hard mechanics that make the game hard to understand at first. The only learning curve I had was the combat. It felt like to me it was made so different than the others, (I could be wrong) Skyrim was made for long-term fans and new fans together and I feel they did a really good job doing so. (I recommend trying out the modding community to make your playthrough of skyrim unique to you.)
[deleted]
You and the OP reviewer need to play r/kenshi
I’m an autistic gamer who was introduced to elder scrolls through Skyrim in 2017! I’m with you regarding Morrowind, I couldn’t get through it, even though I play Legendary on Skyrim. Oblivion is doable and actually beautiful. You should give it a try and start with an easier build to give yourself a chance :)
I have NLD (it’s not autism but very similar) and i struggle with basic directions. My brain dose’t even have a concept of left and right. Despite this it almost feels like there’s accommodations for people like me. Things like online tips and clairvoyance spell make the game playable. Although I seriously doubt this corporation added that feature in for people like me it feels amazing to have accommodations for my supper rare disabilities.
Have you tried blades? The UI is a bit more complicated but the combat is very straightforward, and the lore is pretty fun.
    No I haven't, I'll be sure to give it a go when I can
Shit like this makes me so happy. Glad you've found a home in Tamriel
[removed]
Some elements of the game are actually more complex than previous games, especially the combat
I'm a huge fan of morrowind and oblivion, and I still love skyrim. Don't like the color scheme compared to oblivion's but that's more regional than anything else imo. I'm just glad more people are getting into tes- more people to talk lore with!!
I'd definitely look in to the Oblivion mod community if you want to give it another try and you're on PC. There are some incredible mods that will make it easier to get in to in a number of ways. It can definitely be clunky and weird, but with the right UI, graphics and gameplay mods and maybe using a controller rather than keyboard and mouse I think you'll really enjoy it.

If you do enjoy the relative simplicity of Skyrim though, maybe it will still be a bit overwhelming. I know I gave up on Morrowind pretty quick after finding it too complicated and the graphics too dated.

Also, you should try Shadow of Mordor and if you're happy to try something a bit more intense I can't recommend Dying Light enough. Easily a top 5 game of all time for me that can be played on an easy difficulty, has mostly melee combat and super satisfying parkour that isn't hard to learn. There's also some mods for it too that can help if you need them.

Anyway, have a look at Nexus or any of the Oblivion related subs for mods and advice and have a look at Dying Light!!
It sounds to me like you’d also enjoy the Witcher 3. It’s similarly easier than the previous games, combat is not too loud and flashy, and exploring the environments is amazing. Whole thing is accompanied by really beautiful ambient music like Skyrim is, I think you’d have a blast.
Check out Skyblivion and Skywind! A team is porting Oblivion and Morrowind onto the Skyrim engine. They haven't been released yet but the progress is looking really good
I'm not autistic and when i first started oblivion after playing skyrim i got lost and i gave up. If you find those simplifying mods please send me your modlist.
Hey matw, you might want to check out Skywind and Skyblivion, which are both mods in the making, aiming to make Morrowind and Oblivion respectively pretty much play and look like Skyrim. They will work basically as Skyrim mods but will instead include those games instead of Skyrim.

In addition to looking as good as Skyrim, the user interface should be quite close to Skyrim as well as things like compass, levelling system and such. Once these mods come out, they could maybe make Morrowind and Oblivion playable for you.
Skyrim is definitely my favorite game of all time. I played it when it first came out, and it very quickly became a huge special interest for me, to the point where I've put in thousands of hours across multiple systems playing it. Its something that is really easy for my brain to immerse itself in, especially when I'm overstimulated, so I definitely get what you and op are talking about
Skyrim is for the Nords! And gamers. Welcome brother/sister!
    Thanks for the nice welcome, though as a khajiit main I must say that I do not think Skyrim is for Nords per say. As a wise cat once said, Nords must wish they had glorious manes like Khajiit, so maybe we may get along. Also thank you for the inclusion of sister, I am actually a woman (well, female aligned questioning) so it's nice to have feminine terms used every now and again ^^
        I just hear that in game a lot so I thought it would be funny. And I try not to assume people's gender online especially. I want to be as inclusive as I can even though I'm an aging gen x guy I love people of various genders, alignments, races and religions.
Also autistic, and it’s absolutely amazing seeing these really positive experiences come out of games. When I was younger I buried myself in video games, because at least I could understand them! It’s really encouraging seeing other peoples’ positive reflections too.

Happy Autism Acceptance Month, bro.
Can I ask why you don't use fast travel? I always try to avoid using it, but 5/6 hours into a playthrough I go mad if I don't use it.
I played skyrim first and then my boyfriend showed me oblivion and stuff and I couldn't get into it. But skyrim is like my all time favorite honestly.if I had to play one game for the rest of my life it would be skyrim. As for FPS I like them, but as you mentioned, I also get lost easy even with the little maps. I can't remember rto read them so usually the first few rounds on a new map I run around memorizing the map so I don't get lost. But in skyrim it's super easy and I always know where I'm going and the map is super straightforward. I also like blades, it's on switch but it's like a super dumbed down version of skyrim and oblivion but your mostly fighting in the arena and rebuilding the town. When I say super dumb down, it's almost infuriating compared to skyrim but also for some reason it just makes me happy.
Look into skywind and skyblivion when they finally release. Both morrowind and oblivion redone in the skyrim engine
comments like these legit make me happy.
I use a bunch of mods to make my game harder and more complicated and I'm so grateful that the vanilla game is so welcoming to people who need an easier/slower paced experience and that it's so easily modded to fit my wants. This is an aspect of gaming I've never thought about and I'm so glad that such a great game is so accessible.
When I read things like this it actually makes me want to cry. Like a tender empathetic and joyful tear. It really is heartwarming. Keep slaying those Draugr my friend!!!
Bless your heart, lad. As a mildly autistic person myself I've spent a lot of time around people in the same boat, who almost itch when sound becomes too loud or intense (I describe it as an itch as that's how it feels to me on the rare occasions that I get sensory overload) and that have trouble understanding complex layouts and spacial reasoning (god knows mine is awful) that have just thrown games to the curb, when they can really help build confidence and develop those skills, so I'm really glad you've found something that you enjoy this much that doesn't trigger those things and has boosted your esteem as much you have said. Makes my old heart warm it does, but remember; Skyrim belongs to the Nords!
Oblivion probably isn't as hard as it may seem. There are a lot of ways to break it and get stupidly powerful early-on, and most of them are pretty trivial to implement, especially if you turn the difficulty slider down.

Same goes for Morrowind, but the early-game has a high enough learning curve that it might be less practical. Still, if you like Skyrim for being relatively quieter and less reflex-intensive than other action games, you might really like the older Elder Scrolls.

As far as simplifying things goes, nGCD and GCD, mods for Oblivion and Morrowind respectively, work wonders for streamlining the system, replacing the complicated tedium of attribute leveling with a more natural progression that ensures every skill-up counts for _something_ when you level. They really take the stress out of character building, I find, letting you just _play_ instead of carefully micromanaging.
My son is autistic and a bit young for Skyrim, so I want to ask you how you felt about building and customizing the homes on the property you can buy. (Hearthfire I believe?) 

Just seems like something he will enjoy.
    I love going out to buy the materials and working out how much of x, y, z I need to make whatever room I'm working on. I also like sorting out my belongings and putting important items on display whenever possible (even if trying to work with the carrying mechanic drives me nuts)
I relate to this. I’m autistic as well and I’m terrible with reaction time, so really fast-paced FPS games, smash bros, etc are difficult for me (I still love them but it can be frustrating). But I agree that skyrim is more simple and easy to get into while still having enough challenge
This is why I hate when people make complaints about newer games being "too casual" or "too hand-holdy" when they don't realize these changes are actually making the game much more accessible to a wider audience.
You can also try Daggerfall Unity if you want :)
I have to add that I love there are mods to fix annoying sounds too. Every time I do a fresh play with mostly new mods, I always install the mod to turn down the sound of the healing magic. That sound just drives me nuts fairly quickly when I have it on the ready.
That's awesome!

> Skyrim has an easy UI

God, I fucking love the UI. I wish chests would give categories but otherwise I find it *so satisfying* to use especially with a controller (I play on Switch)

> Current save is a no fast travel.

👁 👄 👁 what. How. Do you use the carriages? Skyrim's fucking huge how do you do that???
    Not even carriages. I just walk or ride a horse. It gives me a reason to grab as many quests as possible to make every journey count and it's nice popping into random caves to see if there's any loot.
On suggestion I can give even though it makes the game a tad harder in a way is HUD Opticity 100%. No hud is really fun to test knowing your limits (Stats wise) and is very  immersive once you know the map enough to know what main cities are where, then you can still have that slight exploration of not knowing when a cave is coming up or something. If you do this I suggest a 2-Handed Tank, or if you are modded a Conjouration/Summoner Mage.
I'm on the other end of the spectrum, namely Aspergers. I also have OCD (Pure O type, which is more rare). So I'm fairly high functioning, but hopelessly neurotic.

It appears we have different issues - although we definitely have loud noises, and I'm guessing an inability to read people, in common - yet I also take great comfort in Skyrim, and Bethesda open world games in general.

They're an obsession that isn't inherently self destructive. Compulsively restarting? Hell, the healthiest minds on the planet get stuck in that loop, so don't sweat it! Their games also have the rarest quality you can find; Diverse familiarity. You know the games. You learn the systems. You get comfy. But there is always something to surprise you, or the tools that let you surprise yourself.

There is enough content and build variety to pretty much do things your own way, even before the seemingly unlimited world of mods, but it's presented in a way that most people can intuitively comprehend. Almost anyone can get their heads around the idea of a knight, a thief, or a wizard, and with more time spent playing can see how to merge these styles into something that works for them.

There's also enough lore and environmental storytelling to let us tap into the one true superpower that covers almost all branches of the autism tree... our imagination.

I'm really happy to hear the games help you out. Take care mate.
The mod called "point the way" is even more helpful for not getting lost. Every intersection now has signs for every city and every nearby village.
[deleted]
    I have and I got the Elsweyr DLC since khajiit are my favourite race to play as. I'm still new to MMOs so it'll take a bit to get used to not pausing in battle and such but I did have a good time with it
Pay attention devs,  don't screw up ES6
That doesn't stop me from being on the edge of my seat anytime I have to walk ANYWHERE. As if a wolf is going to one hit me or something.
    Sabre-cats ambushing is always one of my worries.
        Yeah last time I played ‘Ironman’ Skyrim (die and you have to totally restart), I got chased and cornered by two sabre cats and a dragon, eventually pushed up a mountain right into a frost troll. Felt amazing when I finally gave them the slip but by god the STRESS.
            I've had my heart rate jump up so high during Skyrim that I thought I was about to have some sort of problem.
I wonder if that's bad for your heart.
                Go outside and get exercise if video game anxiety is too much on the ticker. Cliche advice I know.
                    That's a good reminder, thank you.
                        Lol sorry. I also enjoy sitting on my ass and playing games with no thought to external concerns.
            Or playing with Frostfall on and trying to make your way from Whiterun to Winterhold in the early game. Gruelling.
    Once meet that orc who wanted a glorious death in battle or something. I was like easy I'm gonna wreck you. Turns out I got wrecked.
I think this is gaming in general for a lot of people.

Real life is confusing. Rules change, there's no clear win condition, and there are infinite choices that are so complex you seldom know what will come of those choices.

Games have fixed rules that are enforced. You either win or lose. You have simple metrics for measuring your success (score, health, equipment). And in most games success/failure is normalized - we all win the same game. Someone billionaire in his living room gets the same ending you do.

Ultimately games let us play anxiety but in a controlled environment where we always have the comfort of knowing that the stakes aren't real. And comfort of knowing that if you reach 10k points, you will get the reward sold by the vendor. In real life you don't have control, you can't back out, and your can do everything right and still not get what you expected.

Of course a lot of just goes out the window when you get too into a video game and end up getting real life anxiety that lasts after you turn it off.
    [deleted]
        Constant rebalancing updates are pretty annoying, but I really like content updates, like for Minecraft, No Man's Sky etc.

Just gives you something to come back to every once in a while. Something new in a familiar environment
            The good thing with Skyrim is that we basically get constant content updates that we can choose whether or not to install, and for free. Bruma, Wyrmstooth, Wheels of Lull, Forgotten City, etc.
    It used to be that I couldn't play more than a few minutes at a time because my anxiety would be through the roof. Now I can play for longer (though not hours and hours, because attention span is shit) and feel less anxiety. It's nice.

I tried playing ESO but the anxiety is still there, because of the nature of the game. Which kinda sucks, because I want to play ESO, but I want to play it like I do Skyrim, taking advantage of mods and not having it be MMO.
Sounds like a playthrough... that will eventually end up as a stealth archer
    This time will be different! This time I won't do a... 

And I'm a stealth archer again.
        Always an elf stealth archer. I have no shame.
            An elf?! 😱 😱 😱
                STOP ELF SHAMING ME!
                    😂 😂 😂

Didn't mean to elf shame you. 

But you do know that Skyrim belongs to the Nords, right? 😉
                        That's what the elves want you to think.
                            Holdup... I... Umm...

Que?
                                Eso es lo que los elfos quieren que pienses. ¿Acaso no escuchas?
                        Which is why my dark elf fights for the empire, cause Ulfric is a dick to my people.
                    You just said you have no shame so what do you care?
                        I was referring to stealth archer. Ermmm... Ummm.. Stop shame shaming me!
            *NEVER TRUST AN ELF!*
                And never, ever, cut a deal with a dragon.
            I too am always an elf stealth archer.  Isn't it the best character?  I like the story lines and the scenery, exploring and finding neat random stuff, collecting flowers and cooking them into potions, and hanging around in taverns people-watching and listening to the nice music.  Sometimes I just like to cook stuff at home and sit on my back deck looking at the scenery.
If I could make any changes, I'd 1)  Make the world even bigger, 2) Give the bards a larger selection of songs and tunes, 3) Have a larger selection of recipes for foods... I wish I could see my character eating and drinking.

I escape my own reality by spending time in this beautiful world.  Sometimes I return to areas I've already cleared just to see it again.

The Dwemer civilization ruins fascinates me.  I don't derive pleasure from killing enemies but sometimes I'd like to backhand some of those bratty kids.

I cried when Alvor died (Okay, not like bawling my eyes out more like a lump in my throat and angry) and I couldn't save him no matter how many times I replayed that section.  Is there any way to save Alvor?  Also, I spend a lot of time with the old lady that lives in the little shack in the woods.  
Edit:  She reminds me of my mom, how she cleans and gardens and sits in her rocker.  One time I got curious as to what she had in the basement and she turned on me.  I felt guilty about it.


~~Why do people hate stealth archers?~~ I see.
                the mod run for your lives makes townspeople go inside when dragons or vampires attack.   otherwise on a long play thru, you end up with all the non essentials dead, and it's like a ghost town.  Keeping your vendors alive and wealthy (there's a mod for that too) is important! Because I use Skyrim Unbound as my alternate start mod, I can play for a very very long time before visiting the greybeards. I usually abandon the main quest after getting the horn from Delphine. I rarely bother with the civil war and when I do, just to korvanjund; who really needs Hjerim??!  Companions?  Only to dustman's cairn to get another fire breath word.
                Pretty sure the old lady you’re talking about is actually a witch.
                    Yes, she is a witch, but 

One time I was walking around in the woods near her house and I was attacked by bandits.  She ran over and killed them and then went back and sat in her rocking chair.  She's really just a sweet old lady that loses her shit when she's robbed or someone attacks her guests.
                Most wholesome. 

Bards do need a bigger repertoire and a few of the kids I am ashamed to say are now orphans due to their smart mouths.
            I tried to make a no nonsense, no stealth, Breton sword and shield build, and 10 hours later I was a stealth archer thieves guild master
                I hear you, I truly hear you. Lol.
        Happy cake day !!
            Thanks! :D
        My first playthrough actually _didn't_ end up being a stealth archer. Mostly because I was like 12 and pursued elementalism for the sole reason that I thought it was cool.

Every subsequent playthrough has evolved into a heavy-armor stealth archer dual-classed into Conjuration for the summons, no matter how it started.
    I found the stealth archer just waaaay too boring.

Stealth *daggers*, now that's where it's at.
        Can't you get ridiculous multipliers for stealth daggers, like 16x sneak damage or something?
            Yes. 30x. 15x from the stealth skill tree, (which has previously given you 3x damage) combined with the Dark Brotherhood gloves which double your backstab damage.
                60x with an orc if you use berserker rage.
                    Oh my god, I'd totally missed that. After almost 10 years I can't believe I hadn't noticed. Thank you.
        This is definitely more effective with a higher stealth skill level, I usually build up stealth with bow kills and move on to daggers from there.

Once I figured out I can pickpocket bandits before stabbing them with a dagger, and use calm/pacify if things get too messy, it completely changed the game for me, and gave me a fun way to use pickpocket and illusion on top of stealth.
    Stealth archery just feels sooooo good. Why doesn't ANY other game, even ones that focus specifically on archery get this satisfying?
        [deleted]
            It's not borderline OP it is completely OP. It doesn't help that Skyrim makes it so easy to level up a skill. On top of all that they weigh nothing so you can carry infinite arrows. If you use a bow at all, you will in short order be unstoppable with it. I don't find it satisfying at all because it is so boring. I impose a limit on arrows when I play.
            Yeah I usually play on Adept/Expert but if I choose to go archer I bump it up to Expert/Master and it still feels easier.
                Yeah, absurdly easy despite the focus of how unfair it is
        Dual dagger stealth assassin is the only way I ever play. The 30x multiplier for sneak attack is absolute murder. Couple that with Mehrunes' Razor (small chance of instantly killing a target) and you will destroy everything you can creep on.  
I once managed to drop directly on top of a dragon's hitbox while it was sleeping atop one of those mountaintop ruins. Did a power sneak attack and one-shot it.  
Edit: Obligatory "Hail Sithis." My first ESO character was also a dual dagger nightblade. I have a thing for rogues/assassins in RPGs.
        Stealth archery gang
    Well, he only needs the Muffle enchantment on his boots and he's good to go
        Ah, the rarest enchantment. Spent literal days play skyrim hunting down one of those before almost immediately disenchanting it.
            Could also use the Ebony Mail you get from doing the Boethia's Calling quest
    I don't know why stealth archer gets shat on so much. It's easily the most fun way of engaging in combat. Just spamming the attack button or blasting spells gets real boring real quick. At least there's a bit of skill to sniping and the fun of "huh...? Must've been my imagination..." spoken by a bandit with a arrow imbedded in his face.
        It doesn't get shat on, it gets memed because of how superior it is to every other play style. Because stealth is OP, combat is boring, and the magic system was totally castrated.
            Learning the fortify resto loop was the most fun I’ve had in video games in awhile.
            And, at least the way I play, it's superior because I just want to look at stuff. 

Skyrim has always been a "chill, walk around, and look at all the stuff" game for me. That's the primary game. The mini-game within the game is using bandits as a shooting gallery.
    I've had at least 10 play through characters with at least level 90 smithing and have never tried stealth archer lol
    All roads lead to stealth archery.

Idly sneaking through the world inserting arrows into unsuspecting necks is the way.
    Only for specific scenarios when it works best!

*Stealth archer always works best*
I didn’t do that on novice but on hard, entire build was based in heavy armor sword and board never going to die.
I almost play on novice every playthrough for this reason. After so much time in the game it’s nice to just not worry about running into every fight and actually being able to relax and and shut my brain off for a while. It also keeps me able to roleplay much easier since I don’t focus on the most traditional perks and builds
    I stopped playing after I spent about 10 hours a day grinding crafting and enchanting just to build the perfect set of armor. 

It was just digital work...
        And then after you've made the perfect set of gear you play with it for about 30 minutes, get bored and quit.
That's how I play, and yes it is
Fifth playthrough I finally decided to do it. ~TGM. No death. It's like going to a theme park, you know the rides won't kill you. But you still enjoy the ride.

And yes, I did sometimes decide to go for hikes. Rarely did fast travel.

I just wanted to explore the corners I missed before, and have an easier time focusing on the settings, music, animations, all of the things that are relaxing and pretty about the game.

So I decided "Why not play it on the literal easiest mode possible?" and it's one of my favorites so far. I would never suggest anyone play it that way on their first go, but if you've done it a few times, it's fun to just observe.
And this is why I play some games on God mode, I want to explore the story and not just die all the time. I know that that is "weird" and makes me "not a real gamer" if I don't want to grind, die and repeat stuff all the time, but it's just not what I want from a game.
    Nah. You’re a real gamer. Make single player games as easy as you want. It’s your story and your journey to go on. Get that happiness.
    It's not weird and it doesn't make you any less of a gamer. Anyone who tells you otherwise is a gatekeeper and we don't need those kinds of people. Games are there for people to have fun playing them, so no matter how you play, you're doing it right if you're having a good time!
    "I know that that is "weird" and makes me "not a real gamer""

Real gamer is a term used by pieces of shit, honestly, fuck those that call you that. It doesn't matter how you play a game, as long as you're having fun.
        honestly it's so cringe that even the pieces of shit don't use it.. i've heard it only from raging kids or someone using it on some cheater/hacker dude
    Higher difficulties are so stupid anyways. Having to *hit* an enemy with a hammer to the head 100 fucking times doesn't bring anything interesting to the game. Higher difficulties should instead do things like removing quest markers, map fast travel, and adding needs like hunger and thirst
        You bring up a really good point with that. I wish more games had harder modes that fundamentally changed the gameplay, not just made you hit the things more.

Imagine a game where easy mode meant that enemies didn't even do some kind of heavy attack that you needed a dodge mechanic for. In hard mode you had to add dodging, and the playstyle changes entirely as a result.

Essentially like if easy mode played more like novice skyrim, and hard mode was literally dark souls style fighting.
    I’ve got trainers downloaded for pretty much any single player game I play on PC now. I don’t always use them, but I often find myself going up against game mechanics that are just tedious and don’t respect my time.

I love Dragon Age Inquisition, but the war resources felt awful to me and the side quests to increase them were meaningless and awful a lot of the time. 

I loved Witcher 3, but probably like 70% of the interest points on the map were a single chest with a monster nearby that had either nothing helpful, or a rare alchemy/armor recipe. After playing through it all once, I just add all the recipes and the game still progresses pretty naturally since I still have to craft them. 

Do whatever it takes to make your $60 fun. Outside of multiplayer games, there shouldn’t be strict rules you have to adhere to play your game.
    I've recently started a run of Fallout 4 where I used the console to make the raiders non-hostile. It is so much more fun exploring their spaces when they are still living in them.
        Bandits in Skyrim are the same way! If you fumble through their hideouts and accidentally get their attention, you miss out on a lot of good dialogue. One of the biggest reasons to roll stealth archer on the first playthrough imo.
            I've only played a bit of Skyrim but I really like that you don't get experience for killing things. It feels like it really opens up possibilities for playing less violently
                Yep. You can get to a pretty high level completely without combat by just going city to city as a pickpocket. Building capital from being a thief let’s you expand into crafting and trading which levels you up even more.
    I would like to do this sometimes as well, especially because some quests like diplomatic immunity are really hard for me even on novice, but sadly the switch version doesnt have a god mode
    I did it in skyrim after a few playthroughs, and it was one of my most enjoyable experiences in the game. It's like going to a theme park. Nothing will kill you, but you still enjoy the ride.

Also, I simply do not have as much time to enjoy games as I used to. I have tons of games I still want and need to play, yet I still want to keep revisiting this game that drags me in. I don't really have time for a glitching out cart to kill me and send me back.

There's even a couple of games out there I've opted to just play in god mode entirely. It's like watching a movie you control.
100%. I'm not wading into the "Dark Souls should have an easy mode" debate because I don't care either way, but 95% of games should have one. Some people are autistic or have other conditions that make games more difficult to take in. Some people are brand new to games but want to try one they love the aesthetic of (my partner tried so hard to play Breath of the Wild, but just couldn't because the combat's too difficult for someone who's terrible at video game controls). And some people just don't care about the challenge and want to enjoy your game for its story or any of a thousand other possible factors.  


Let the difficulty default to whatever you want, but give us easy modes. It's ridiculous that it's not a given in almost every game imaginable. And for the record, this is bitching coming from someone who always plays normal or hard - it's not for me, but the need to keep things approachable and accessible is obvious.
    There needs to be more accessibility options in general. 

I’m getting older and QTEs have started ruining games for me. I just can’t hit them. I fumble with the controls, and every console has their buttons placed differently that I just mix them up even when I do get them on time. I pretty much stay away from them like the plague. 

BOTW perfect parries were a similar problem and I just never put myself in a situation where I had to perform one if I could.
    An easy mode for dark souls exists, it is called "sorcery"
    well dark souls was always advertised as "this game will tear your ass" so wanting an easy mode for a game that is supposed to be hard af is kinda dumb and says a lot about the player

I know you didn't want to debate this but I had to get it off my chest
> So let there be easy modes. Not for every game of course, but for the ones that would make sense to have one.

I agree with this. Easy modes improve a game, but not if they are mandatory. Pokémon Sword & Shield, for example, were games that removed every aspect of difficulty in the Pokémon series, and it was the first time a game was *so* easy, the lack of difficulty actively prevented me from having fun. Like you said, difficult does not necessarily make a game fun, but neither does an easy game automatically become good or fun. An adjustable difficulty setting is definitely a positive point for a game.
    It always has been. Let people have fun at the difficulty of their own choice because how hard a game is varies significantly from person to person. Unless your game's "quirkyness" comes from the difficulty aspect of it, having an adjustable difficulty setting is a no-brainer
        I like the Wolfenstein games where the developers clearly want you to play on a hard mode, and the game makes fun of you for picking one of the easier modes, but you can just play on easy anyway and still experience the full story.
Exactly! There's also the aspect of immersion or RP that I like to apply when it comes to difficulty, if I play on legendary it doesn't seem realistic at all to bash an enemy 30 times to kill it. I like to play on adept or expert depending on my gear for balance, its more realistic.
I play on hard mode, but with 18 followers to do all the work for me ;)
I love games with difficulty options! I have a really slow reaction time and I have awful hand eye coordination so it’s really helpful to have some cushion and not die after one or two hits. It also saves so much frustration if I don’t have to lose a bunch of every time I die because of something outside of my control. I’ve been trying to get through dark souls, but I’ve been stuck on the same boss for two years even though I’ve gotten a lot better at gaming since I’ve started.
As a souls fanboy, I just wanna point that we mostly defend only souls from this treatment, I play other games too and love them too, most of the time, if I have a choice, I straight up go to easy mode, always. Skyrim, always only novice runs, will end up becoming stealthy archer anyways.

But when ppl say that souls need easy mode, that grinds my gears, it's not like we want all the game to be rock hard, we just want souls be the way it is, and too be honest there a lot of games which are just mind crushing-ly hard that came before the whole soulslikes thing, it's not like they started the hard-is-bad(or/and)good thing. Souls is famous in the community for mostly the lore and world building, being hard is what the devs wanted it to be, I do agree that souls does enjoy the if-you-beat-souls-u-r-a-skilled-gamer treatment, streaming did influence a LOT of stuff (among us, fall guys, rocket league), but that should not the only thing souls represents. Souls have inbuilt mechanics that support cooperations, it does have NPC summons when the going gets tough, "try finger, but hole" will always save u in dire situations.....

Honestly, I feel like u should pick u ds3 (easiest one in the group, somehow it's more tamer than the rest) and give it a solid go, yes u will die, a lot (and if u didn't, u skilled bro, u pro), but Do pick up urself dust off ur armour and just go at it once more.

Tl dr ; git gud scrub
    I didn’t mean that Souls doesn’t have more to offer, I just meant in reference to difficulty.

I’ve seen the lore, watched people play it, and think to myself “if I only had the patience and skill I would LOVE this series”. 

You’re right that Souls had a lot of influence. And my friends who play it love it for both the difficulty and the world/lore.

Games are meant to be fun, and this isn’t an argument because we’re all saying the same thing here.

Games are fun!
        I always thought I’d never be able to play dark souls because I’ve never been particularly good at games. But I started playing DS3 a couple weeks ago because I was spending so much time watching YouTube videos about it and it’s really not that bad. It’s difficult but not frustrating. You don’t ever feel like you’re not progressing - every time you die you feel like you’ve got a little bit better, both at the game and stats wise. And it’s actually fun to have to try and try again. I would definitely recommend it.
        Happy u didn't take it the wrong way, and I didn't mean the comment as a reply but just a piece of my mind.

And yes, GAMES ARE FUN, but PLAY WHAT U LOVE (also), never let anyone force souls (Or Pokemon sun and moon, in support of too easy to be fun conversation, or battle royales, "Not everyone plays competitively" topic) down ur throat.
            We were here praising a game because it gave someone the opportunity to enjoy and have fun.

You didn't say anything derogatory, or patronizing. You gave your opinion, which is not wrong at all, and added to the conversation.

This is how threads should go. There is no ME vs YOU, 

In the end, Skyrim is great because its a fun game that brings joy like... 10 years later!
    bro lmfao DS3 the *easiest?* I find Sekiro easier than DS3 but maybe I’m just stupid
        If u fell sekiro is a souls (it is but it's technically not), all other souls will be alien. But in the conversation of ds series and bloodborne (soulsborne, why am I doing this) ds3 is the tamest of all.

Sekiro is deflects attack aggressively, souls are dodge dodge attack passively. Or maybe I'm just stupid.... Or is it?? WHAT is ^difficulty
            It’s weird because Sekiro isn’t even my first Fromsoft game. I have platinums for Dark Souls Remastered & Bloodborne... DS3 kicks my ass though. It took me forever to beat it and I still haven’t even defeated Nameless King
                Holy shit, u might be the first guy I know who find ds3 tough after ds1, bro u r like the shiny perfect IV Pokemon.⊙﹏⊙

Ooh and ya, as for bosses, I do agree ds3 is a level above the cut. No doubt there, I think it's just more polished, keep at peace my man. I was meaning the whole game, ds1 no fast travel till end game, ds2...... It's ds2, getting though ds3 is preety easy in comparison, or that atleast what I feel.
    Never played Dark Souls. Atleast until now, that may change later. But I've yet to come across a tougher game than Talking Tom Flappy Bird. Fuck that stupid bird.
        Man, I am with u, fuck Flappy Bird........... another try??
            Never again. Damn near cracked my screen when I used to rage quit. Speaking of Dark Souls, can you get Yhorm's great machete?
I've tried playing dark souls several times. 

I think the game is bad. I think the controls are bad. I think it is incredibly boring and unfulfilling. Difficulty isn't even a factor because i very much dislike the game before i even encounter anything difficult. 

If i play for a couple hours and am turned off by almost every feature and no longer have interest, i don't think it is a good game. But hey, maybe i want in the mid for it? That's why I've given it 3 chances but I've ended up with the same feelings about it every time.
    It's ok, all of us were there at some point of time, to go on cause everyone near u is or to stop and say NO, it's not for me.

BUT, but, let us, souls fanatics, get what we want. I am just saying that u don't need to ask for a game that sheeps (masses, us) want, like when any future from soft titles get announced there is always be a war about easy mode, it's not the same for every game. It's not like I play at hard, invade someone who's in easy mode, and I level them. That's just not fare, to all of us. Souls have mechanics which contradicts the conversation.
>Difficult does not immediately make it fun.

Maybe but difficult immediately makes it a game.
    Well... maybe? Kirby games don’t have a difficulty. They’re still games. 

Not all games need an sliding scale. It’s such a vast world that there’s no limit to what games are out there.
Played since release. Only now am I actually collecting and reading rare books in game. Some good stories.
I have never killed the chicken, I have killed Faendal tho
    I try not to kill named NPCs because they are a finite resource. Once they're gone you will never heard their voice again.  I always feel that no matter how annoying they are, Skyrim would be a poorer land without that NPC to live in it.
        I think the world is a better place without Faendal.
            Svens just as bad and without the use!
                Can't fucking stand Sven either.
            [deleted]
        What about Braith, Nazeem, or the loud dude in the middle of Whiterun?
            The bad people make the good people better
                That's a wonderful way to look at the real world too.
                    Although when I become thane I always kill nazeem.
                        Some people are just irredeemable lol
            None of them are as bad as Maven who is always essential unfortunately.
                I didn't kill any unique NPCs that's not an enemy. Not even Nazeem. But when I met that piece of absolute garbage that is Maven. I immediately went and installed a mod just to kill her. 

Then that's where the fun begins, soul trap her for eternity, sacrifice her to a Daedric Prince, your options are endless.
            the times I tried to kill Braith only to repeatedly remind myself she's essential = unkillable..

Nazeem is 1st dead in whiterun, 2nd is Heimskr.

.. then I discovered mods and killmove fucked Braith real good.
        > Once they're gone you will never heard their voice again.

I dunno. Skyrim only has like 3 voice actors.
        Can always just spawn them back in if you really miss them.
            or resurrect them, hit them with recycle actor and move them out of the dead body cell if they end up there after a few days.

Edit: This doesnt work for everyone and can be quite buggy
        I killed them all. Starting at the top left corner of the map. I made the world go dark. Only guards left.
    Just as I got fed up with Faendal, a dragon swooped over riverwood and killed him before I got the chance. He left me all of his posessions. And thats how I got to own a house in Riverwood
        Wait. . . they give you their houses?
            Only happened with Faendal for me. When he died, the letter dude ran up to me to hand me his posessions - about 100 gold and his house key. Hadn't had this happen with any other npc yet but my companions tend to have a long and safe life si ce I prefer traveling alone
            Well, you can loot Faendals key off his body and If they're your follower, you can use their bed. Be careful, though, as not every storage container ist safe. In Faendals house it's only the chest under the table with the bow on it.

Also anything expensive you put in there will be marked as stealing, but since nobody is gonna see you do it, it doesn't really matter.
Mine was when I killed the shopkeeper at Riverwood. Why? I didn't realise it's an open world game (it was my first) and that I'd have to return to this location later. Why did I kill him though? I wanted some low level item that I was too broke to buy and got caught stealing. :D Great memories from this game!
Proud to say this was my first crime
❤
r/wholesome
r/wholesome
My first playthrough I didn't realize the follower would go way ahead and take them out..I would continue on and think Wow, why are they all already dead??! Lol
> and have to very actively engage with situations in life in order to understand and process them properly. 

Can you elaborate for our understanding ?
    Sure! It's probably too much to give you all variations of what I mean with that, so I'll give you a more specific example instead.

For the people I work with/am friends with, they can easily see for themselves what they can expect from a situation, how to react to that and when to give it a place in case there's no reaction necessary immediately. That works differently for me.

Recently a task was being assigned to me that I had to do at work. How I did it, didn't matter. As long as it happened. For me, that means I specifically need to know 1) what, 2) how, 3) where, 4) when and 5) with who. Sometimes there's a 6) why, but not always. 

I need to actively ask myself if I can answer these questions. Otherwise I need to get on finding an answer ASAP to even start working or considering decision-making. Not acting on it results into "overload" in my brain over time because I cannot fill in the blanks.

Now imagine you have 10 tasks assigned to you simultaneously. Then 4 of the tasks will not be clear until 2 days later and another 2 change up constantly out of my control, having to re-adjust very regularly and unexpectedly.

I learned to cope pretty well with this over the years and built systems for myself to make it easier. However, once in a while the "cache" in my brain is going through the roof in size and I need to step out of the whole situation to "defrag" everything. Making mind-maps help a lot with that for me.

I hope this even remotely makes sense. The problem with autism is that there are several things that autistic people have in common, but a lot of things differ per person. One can have trouble understanding other people's emotions, while the other is very good at identifying them.

Let me know if I need to clarify, because I happily do! Maybe next time with a textwall that's a bit smaller, LOL.
[deleted]
> I have cabbages to sell

Honest pay for honest work.

*adds the 4 gold to the 247,000 in my pocket.*
    The best part about this is the people you do this for will like you because of it.

So there is a small chance you might get a gift from one of these people. It's rare, but it can happen
    > I have cabbages to sell

*Aang appears out of nowhere*
Your comment makes me wonder, have there been many people who've done runs where after Helgen you just ignore the quests and live a domestic life of brewing, crafting, trading, . . .
    My last playthrough I just traveled between towns stealing, smithing, brewing, and enchanting. Didn't start going out into the wilderness until I was about level 35 with fully maxed out daedric gear. Something about the grinding of crafting mechanics felt satisfying.
    Not full playthroughs, but there have definitely been times where I would barely do any dungeons/quests for several days. Just kinda hunting, gathering, brewing, only going into small-ish caves for mushrooms and ore and stuff.
    Not the first time, game kinda holds your hand for a while. But replay? Definitely.
I honestly recommend VR just so you can lean against your bed and just look at the virtual nature for hours on end.
    Can you mod VR?
What would be interesting is a game that focused on Skyrim level immersion but more hands off, passive gameplay that you just observe. That way you can make jewelry while your character makes jewelry.
I tend to dual wield swords and come in hacking like a mad man downing several health potions
I did it again just recently. It somehow felt just a fresh as it did years ago.

Adding a bunch of mods to add that element of new discovery/possibilities helped a lot too. Sure, half the locations are familiar, but finding so much new stuff adds a lot.
NOooooo you are ruining the circle jerk
[deleted]
    I finished Dark Souls 1 (yes even freakin Manus and Kalameet), Dark Souls 2 and almost Dark Souls 3 (the Soul of Cinder is just a pain for me lol). I also finished Witcher 2 and Witcher 3 (both great games especially the Touissant DLC in 3). 

Skyrim is still a masterpiece to me...in fact...having played through those games almost makes me even more sure of it. Barely any other game has it that every single NPC literally has their own schedule and does their own things and has their own story...you can hunt down an NPC to assassinate and see how they move from town to town or through the world. You can map out how certain NPCs interact with other NPCs and have their own daily schedules. 

 There are corners of the world with their own strange secrets, hidden NPCs and things to discover. If you blow through the story you might be disappointed, but there is no other game for me where i have literally ignored the main story after the first few quests (I never touch Jarl Balgruuf in Whiterun after reaching Riverrun) and you still have a massive game to play for yourself and world to explore.
Have you tried DOOM eternal? The fast speed helps me mellow out
Fuck now I want to go do it again for the 9000th time.
It has it's place on the pantheon
I think the point was it's not as loud and in your face as other games are. Like sure you can switch difficulties but with how old skyrim is it still holds up and has something for different types of gamers unlike most other games
How else we gonna circlejerk about "greatest game of all time!!"
Spread out the oil, the gasoline, I walk smooth, ride in a mean, mean machine
It’s in 2026 lol.
Not gonna lie I thought it was a /r/TrueSTL post at first
No it doesn't try read again, I thought first time just like you
    What's your problem man? It could be unironic, it could be someone's sarcastic creative writing excercise. You will never know which.
Godamn let him enjoy the game without your bullshit and he has an actual medical condition
Have you tried any of the new DOOM games? They definitely scratch an itch for my ADHD, especially when my mind is going too fast for me
I don't think every game needs it.
Not souls. Never souls.
Rule one of game development is that this is going to be someone's first game. That's why some games tend to have "just the story" as a difficulty where everything is easy
I knew I wouldn't have to scroll down far in /controversial to find you.

Praise the Sun and let these normies get back to their save scumming  :D
[deleted]
    Agree
Oblivion is the right answer.
    I think you meant to say Morrowind.
[deleted]
    Literally every product is made to make money
The combat isn't supposed to have depth to it. The game is supposed to be a relaxing open world power fantasy. Having complex combat would kill that relaxing feeling entirely. You're also a reincarnated god, too.
    Lol at the “you’re a reincarnated god” comment.  I’ve had Skyrim, red dead redemption, and many other “self playing” open world games ruined for me with the ball busting intensity of FromSoft games.  It’s like being a drug addict.  Luckily, other games, like God of War and Jedi Fallen Order on max difficulty have approximated that feeling.

I do hope that Elder Scrolls 6 has slightly more complex melee combat than “hit, dodge, block,” maybe a directional hit system sort of like for honor?  The magic combat wasn’t half bad, but it’s slow as hell to level, and most spells are useless.
        Not every game needs to be a complex unforgiving puzzle. Skyrim's magic is that anyone can pick it up and play it. Dark Souls isn't that, and most players give up shortly into it because the idea of a game is for something to pick up and relax to. To have a complex combat system would ruin that entirely. If you can't just pick it up and play and relax, it's not Elder Scrolls. That's the audience they want to build

If it's not for you, then don't play it, as you've said, fromsoft games are your forte, so play more fromsoft games. Have you checked out their PS1 games?
            I haven’t gotten a chance to play those yet, but I’m sure I will at some point.  

And yeah, you’re right that Skyrim and the rest of TES is a more relaxing and casual experience.  They probably shouldn’t be making it as hard as the fromsoft games.  I do think a reasonable request for the next entry is that difficulty selections include more than just enemy damage/player health sliders.
                Now that I do agree with, although the difficulty slider fixes the broken leveling of Oblivion, I actually want difficulty to be difficulty. Increase enemy count, give them more attacks, make them smarter
One man's junk is another man's treasure. 

You'll find your treasure someday pal.
    I already have found my treasure 14 years ago, and it's re-releasing next month. Super excited as are Blizzard fans. Burning Crusade btw.
        Oh nice! Enjoy!
    That came off weirdly condescending, BTW.

Edit: I’m right. You’re all just offended someone would say the obvious truth that Skyrim isn’t the greatest game of all time.
        Huh, I felt the comment he replied to came off as condescending instead.
            Yea, coming to a sub of a game just to criticize it and say you can't like it is extremely condescending and stupid
Well what is the GOAT?
    Billy. A clichéd name for a goat, for sure, but that was his name. He reigned supreme over part of our property for quite some time. A meadow which tapered off into a small pine forest, which had a bridge over a brook. After school I used to go and talk to Billy about my troubles at school and life in general. He didn't really seem to care much at all, but that didn't matter. One day Billy actually headbutted me from the bridge into the brook. That was OK. I sat among the fleshly plants for some time and observed a slug with transparent flesh—full of purple and red veins it was. I thought it may be poisonous but it was nice to look at. Some time later Billy fell off that bridge and broke his legs. My father had to shoot him. My brother watched, but I could not. I cried in the kitchen when I heard the gunshot. Billy. Wherever he is now, he likely cares not for me at all. But I think about that goat every day.
Beans
[removed]
No, it's not. The only thing they have in common is that they're in the fantasy genre. Gameplay, style, worldbuilding, and even interaction are entirely different.
[deleted]
    Could not agree more, the theives guild quest line in oblivion is my absolute favorite
    [deleted]
then go to r/oblivion
Morrowind was best.
[deleted]
Why do you come to the Skyrim sub amd say this on a post that it's not relevant at all to? Sounds like a trollin
Larian studios called their easiest mode “story mode” (IIRC) “for those that just want to enjoy the story” which I thought was cool of them.
I got Skyrim for Christmas last year , which was my first time ever playing an elder scrolls game, and by golly I’ve read every single book in the game, and I’ve fawned over elder scrolls lore channels. This shit is like a drug.

Edit: thank you guys for all the amazing suggestions! This community is awesome.
    If you are looking for lore books outside of Skyrim, give *Dark Elves, Dark Hearts* a read. It’s from ESO I believe. It’s my favorite piece of lore in Elder Scrolls, hands down. It’s the story of an Orc visiting Morrowind. Reading it in the Skyrim “Male Orc NPC” voice really does it for me lol.
        Haha yeah I’ll definitely give it a read!
    There’s a podcast where they just read through every book in Skyrim. Only annoying part is so many episodes are listening to a 35 second intro for 12 seconds of someone’s journal.
        What’s the podcast name? I need to listen to this
            Looks like it is called Skyrim Book Club
                Nice! Thank you so much!
        Yes, I need to batch download and automate something to snip out the first 30 seconds of the minute or two of total running length of each episode.
            Please lmk if you crack that
    I did the exact same lol. Still do after almost 10 years. I got it early christmas of 2011 and I've bought the game 3 more times since that special gift, Special Edition on Xbone and recently PC, and the Switch Edition. Easily top 10 of my most favorite games of all time.
        I finally continued my file, havent played since 2013 on Xbox 360. Transferred my save to the PC Version, so glad I was able to continue and not start over! Missed this game so much!
            Wow.... and here I am starting on a newly modded setup (moreso now... Wabbajack is like crack) every 6 months before real life gets in the way at around level 20 and I end up being a pleb in back in Riverwood/Falkreath again six months later.
                I'm more like you, any time I've left a save alone for more than a couple of weeks I start over.
                    I have 3 SSE wabbajack sets and one LE version installed even now, and I am still not sure which one is "right" but I get them all mixed up and can't remember what I am doing. Time to start again at that campsite outside the Helgen cave.
                ive dropped 300+ hours into the game on 360. def didint want to start over lol
        hehe, long time Elder Scrolls fan here, I started with TES: Arena (really ancient stuff) and got hooked.  Morrowind was crazy good, played both DLCs and still wanted more. Best of them all plot wise.  Oblivion changed up the style, it was such a bright flowery landscape where Morrowind was dark desert, but there was so much to do and so many places to go and I played that for years, till Skyrim came out in 2011.  Been playing Skyrim ever since, and that's where I got into modding.  It's really hard now to go back to the old graphics, I can't stand vanilla Skyrim now after modding it for so long. I wore out the old DVD disc and bought a replacement twice before buying Steam based legendary edition.  I still play constantly, always trying new mods, SE came free on Steam so I run that game as well and just switch back and forth. Thanks to modding the Skyrim I play now constantly changes with new content, which keeps it fresh and interesting.
        Yeah it’s so amazing. The community is also super great everyone is so nice. Everything about elder scrolls is awesome
    I have Skyrim on every console I own (pc/ps3/ps4/Xbox) but I have never gotten past level25 lol, the other day I was looking for a game for my switch because all I have are kiddy type games for it and I wanted an adventure. Lo and behold, Skyrim was on sale. Idk what about it being on switch is different but I can not put it down now, I’ve put maybe 30 hours into it in the past week and a half. Play it even at work and read the lore while I’m sitting there. It’s also helped me stay sober, so it’s a win win for me and it’s brought a light back into my life.
        I’m so happy it helped you stay sober! That’s awesome homie!
    >this shit is like a drug

Well, for starters, it was made on drugs.
    I love how deep the story goes and especially the mysteries like the Dwemer. I can’t wait to see what they will do with the next one. Make sure you guys eat healthy and exercise so we can all live long enough to play it
        The dwemner are the most interesting race to me by far!!
Summer of 2006: My older cousin came over and pirated a bunch of the newest games onto my Dad’s PC for us. Before that I only really had access to the original Tomb Raider, Star Wars, and Wolfenstein games. 

Oblivion changed my 11 year-old life that summer, no joke. I was beyond blown away by the seemingly endless world, the customization, countless weapons and armour, and quests/enemies to find all over. I didn’t even use fast travel, I rode/ran everywhere. 

That game opened my eyes to the possibilities of computer technology, but it was also the spark that lead me into a lifelong obsession with the past, specifically medieval/ancient history.
    And then there was me when I got Morrowind when I was about twelve. I could say I loved the immersion, the lore but in reality I just loved bashing people over the head with a massive hammer then sleeping in their bed
        17yo me building a pillow fort on top of one of the guard towers in Balmora out of pillows I liberate during my travels.  In the middle, a giant tower of human skulls neatly stacked on top of each other rising into the sky.
Don't forget playing on easy. I play to get away from my stress, and I don't want to worry about dying. Thankfully so many devs understand that.
    I know this is old, but legit curious here. If this is how you feel about media, then why play video games, or why play video games with enemies? Videogames from the start were made with challenge in mind, not really as a 'passive' experience, so it's somewhat odd to me that someone that feels this way would like playing videogames at all, or at least videogames with enemies or skill levels. Sorry if I'm coming off as argumentive or anything, not trying to, just genuinely curious about it.
        You might be interested in reading about [flow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)).  For some people, the effort vs. progress ratio is a bit different.
            That is really interesting actually. However, there are games specifically geared towards low skill/exploration, "walking simulators", stuff like Journey, things that seem to fit that need more. Like I wouldn't expect a casual gamer to enjoy Dark Souls or Arma or 4x games because they're not really meant for that audience. So in the flow chart, a low skill player would have anxiety playing something challenging, applying it here, a low "stress" player would Have anxiety playing a high "stress" game. So a low skill player generally avoids challenging games, I guess I'm curious why a low stress player wouldn't play low stress games. Is the exploration of Skyrim vs those other games just that big of a quality gap that someone would be willing to brave the stress? Of course I'm not trying to say you shouldn't play whatever game you want but I personally don't play something outside of my preferences even if it is really good.
                It'd not necessarily skill level (I once even beat a Korean in StarCraft at university), grew up with GoldenEye, even beat BioShock Infinite on normal without dying once, etc. But what I eventually learned is I just don't *enjoy* that challenge; it's more stress than enjoyment. I guess my fulfillment comes from parenting and my job. Yeah, that's the word, it's not fulfilling like it once was
                When you're already stressed, more stress is the last thing you need.

Stress is not the same thing as obstacles. Walking simulators remove obstacles.

Skyrim on easy = lots of obstacles with low stress. When you're stressed in life with obstacles already, succeeding at some without stress isn't boring, it stands in as the artificial resolution of what was left unfinished in life. The illusions breaks the next morning but the relief is rejuvenating.
I’m actually opposite. First played oblivion. Put like 700 hours into it. Loved to death. Skyrim only 100 and couldn’t quite dig into it as much as I wanted. Maybe I prefer slightly more closed games. Both games masterpieces though.
For anyone who plays Oblivion based on this: do NOT hand in Azura's Star to Brother Martin (the questgiver voiced by Sean Bean). Get a different daedric artefact and give him that. Azura's Star is a reusable grand soul gem, and the game is a very different experience with it than without it.
https://tesrskywind.com/

It's taken forever but slowly but surely they've gotten more and more done.
    *fingers crossed* some day maybe...
It feels like everything Morrowind focused on (The locale, Argonians, Dwemer) is super interesting and deep, while everything focused on in future games is kind of lacking.
I liked collecting gems. I had a big pile of gems in the kitchen on the floor in Breezehome in Whiterun. Never sold them, just hoarded them like a dragon(born).
I feel the same way too, Skyrim is just so easy to get lost in  and spend hours just walking around, doing quests and helping people. It gives me such a warm feeling inside
And I feel like that spell takes you on a crazy path. I would sometimes just think I would use the map and just end up walking backwards and using the jump to scale a mountain, only to get stuck in a dead end. Then you use the spell and it's lots of twists and turns.
    I have never not knowingly spent an extra hour scaling a mountain than take a more circuatous route. To all fellow goats out there! Shadowmere also is a 4x4 in horse form.
        I never use a horse. Maybe the first playthrough but too expensive. I should have used one the last time I played when I made stupid powerful amulets and was extremely rich.
            Shadowmere is free (in terms of gold) and respawns if it dies!
                It takes a while to get to and the actual act of finding it can be annoying with how difficult navigation is in the Soul Cairn, but the horse you can get in the Dawnguard DLC, Arvak, is another free horse that is incredible to have, given you can summon him at any outdoor area.
                    You're thinking of the skeleton horse I forget his name but Shadowmere is from dark brotherhood, nvm reread it I misunderstood
I'm sure there will be a mod if nothing else.
Sometimes you wanna be the prisoner, other times you wanna be an anime MC that has plot armor. Like someone else said, there's always mods.
Same here. After playing Skyrim first I just could not get into Oblivion, much less Morrowind. Which makes me kind of sad I guess, but then I just play Skyrim some more and I get over it lol.
#IT JUST WORKS
I did get a Fallout game for the PS3 but it was horribly ported and barely worked so I'll try to get a copy off Steam or something and see if I have a better experience. Thanks for the recommendation!
    Hey there, I'm autistic too, and I also recommend Fallout 4. You can turn the volume for sound effects (gunfire) down if it is too much. Both Skyrim and Fallout 4 scratch an itch in my brain that most games just can't.
        You can also just do a stealth playthrough with a silent weapon and never get into gunfights (outside of quests where there's some scripted fight that has to happen I guess). Obsessively modding rifles into the best possible sniper variant was pretty good fun for me, even in the vanilla game without mods. One of the better systems Bethesda has made in recent memory imo.
I think they’d be overwhelmed. When you go in to kill mode or whatever it’s called, the blasts can get *really* loud.

And the turrets. And mines.
    You can turn down the volume of gunfire etc plus use mods for that. I understand though, I just thought maybe they could try it :)
To me Morrowind feels a lot more like a D&D campaign. It is a much tougher game and I understand how some people don't like it but it has always been one of my favorites.
    i get so fuckin triggered by morrowind combat lmao. every time i "miss" i turn into the guy from the Star Trek movies, just I SAW IT HAPPEN DON'T TELL ME IT DIDNT HAPPEN

when i have time to get into my games, i'm gonna shove a bunch of mods up its keister to make the gameplay tolerable so i can fuck with it. honestly, i wish Morroblivion had been finished and polished up. i think that would be the ideal remaster (fuck Skyrim's engine honestly, i don't wanna play a version of Morrowind where I can't kill things underwater or rain down fire from midair)
Oblivion was fun but I got impatient about spending all the hours so i juked the difficulty controls and played God mode instead. I think it happened because I got sucked into a zone with yeti and didn't have any weapons or anything and kept dying.
    but it's so satisfying when you get high enough leveled and can destroy everything. making custom spells is incredible, i have a custom spell that does incredible AoE damage but with a paralysis & immunity to magic/elements effect on target as well as a heal on target. so you knock an ally down and heal them while blasting the shit out of everything else

i call it "get down mr president"
It's a WIDE spectrum. I do have sensory overload occasionally, and I avoid socialising whenever possible. But when I do, I keep impeccable eye contact, and although I struggle to read people, I can follow conversation near perfectly though understanding of language and tone. 

The major similarity I've noticed with other strands is that I completely freak when plans change suddenly, or an event takes me by surprise. It's like my body wants to shut down and my head just... zone out.  But still, I'm classed as high functioning, and many of my issues have been put down to OCD rather than asperger's ayndrome or autism directly.  And since they did diagnose the OCD and change my meds to ones specially designed for the condition, it has helped wonders. I'm happily married too, and have been for years. Like I said, autism is a wide spectrum with many differing states of existence. .
It's not just for people with disabilities.  It also makes it available for a much younger audience.  I've played the last 3 ESO games and honestly, Skyrim isn't that much more "dumbed" down than Oblivion or Morrowind.  Morrowind's magic and enchanting system were much more complicated.  Also it's faction aspect was more complicated and some of it's quests were sort of difficult.  Less so with Oblivion.

.

Skyrim has proven itself over the last 10 years to be one of the best games of all time (more so with mods) and imo is equal to or better than any other ESO game.
I have a bunch of Assassins Creed games for my PS3 that I was going to try though I did have difficulty learning the controls and the lack of subtitles was a pain. I'll give them another go soon ^^
    Hm. I always had subtitles on. I wonder if they’re more configurable on PS4. 

I bought the ezio triology for like 20$$ if that’s an option for you. Maybe run a quick Google search to see if it’d be worth your time investing in. Idk, not trying to tell you how to run your life ha
I should be thanking you for reading my comment and finding it helpful! It's great to know that my experiences are helping people find games better suited to them when they're ND ^^

I don't know what games you play with him but I used to play Minecraft, Just Dance, various racing games and puzzle platformers like Little Big Planet with my siblings so maybe he might like those. They allowed for some healthy competition and relaxing downtime depending on what we were doing so maybe those could work.
    My son is amazing at Minecraft. It is his favorite game. It's unreal how well he builds. I try so hard bc I really enjoy playing it. It's alot of fun. But I can't match what he does and he does it so easy and he is only 8. But i try bc it's just so much fun. And he will say "great job dad you're getting so much better" haha. Fuckin roll reversal. I'll suggest these other games. He alos loves Kingdom Hearts. All of them. I guess bc of the Disney characters and story lines. Thanks for the suggestions. Honestly!!!!
If you're talking about Blackreach, I've gone through it a few times and found it annoying but not too stressful. I even started there on a modded playthrough once
    Than you are a more patient person than I am. I thought I was going to just clear one more cave, sell off everything and go to bed. I'm a person who likes to methodically clear everything and Blackreach was just hell for me. But I guess that's what also makes it a good game.
    What do you mean "not so stressful???"

.

Last time I'm in there, I tried to pick up crimson nirnroot when I accidentally met with like 10 or 20 "wispmothers" down there. DO YOU KNOW HOW SCARED I WAS?!?
No I haven't, I'll be sure to give it a go when I can
Thanks for the nice welcome, though as a khajiit main I must say that I do not think Skyrim is for Nords per say. As a wise cat once said, Nords must wish they had glorious manes like Khajiit, so maybe we may get along. Also thank you for the inclusion of sister, I am actually a woman (well, female aligned questioning) so it's nice to have feminine terms used every now and again ^^
    I just hear that in game a lot so I thought it would be funny. And I try not to assume people's gender online especially. I want to be as inclusive as I can even though I'm an aging gen x guy I love people of various genders, alignments, races and religions.
I love going out to buy the materials and working out how much of x, y, z I need to make whatever room I'm working on. I also like sorting out my belongings and putting important items on display whenever possible (even if trying to work with the carrying mechanic drives me nuts)
Not even carriages. I just walk or ride a horse. It gives me a reason to grab as many quests as possible to make every journey count and it's nice popping into random caves to see if there's any loot.
I have and I got the Elsweyr DLC since khajiit are my favourite race to play as. I'm still new to MMOs so it'll take a bit to get used to not pausing in battle and such but I did have a good time with it
Sabre-cats ambushing is always one of my worries.
    Yeah last time I played ‘Ironman’ Skyrim (die and you have to totally restart), I got chased and cornered by two sabre cats and a dragon, eventually pushed up a mountain right into a frost troll. Felt amazing when I finally gave them the slip but by god the STRESS.
        I've had my heart rate jump up so high during Skyrim that I thought I was about to have some sort of problem.
I wonder if that's bad for your heart.
            Go outside and get exercise if video game anxiety is too much on the ticker. Cliche advice I know.
                That's a good reminder, thank you.
                    Lol sorry. I also enjoy sitting on my ass and playing games with no thought to external concerns.
        Or playing with Frostfall on and trying to make your way from Whiterun to Winterhold in the early game. Gruelling.
Once meet that orc who wanted a glorious death in battle or something. I was like easy I'm gonna wreck you. Turns out I got wrecked.
[deleted]
    Constant rebalancing updates are pretty annoying, but I really like content updates, like for Minecraft, No Man's Sky etc.

Just gives you something to come back to every once in a while. Something new in a familiar environment
        The good thing with Skyrim is that we basically get constant content updates that we can choose whether or not to install, and for free. Bruma, Wyrmstooth, Wheels of Lull, Forgotten City, etc.
It used to be that I couldn't play more than a few minutes at a time because my anxiety would be through the roof. Now I can play for longer (though not hours and hours, because attention span is shit) and feel less anxiety. It's nice.

I tried playing ESO but the anxiety is still there, because of the nature of the game. Which kinda sucks, because I want to play ESO, but I want to play it like I do Skyrim, taking advantage of mods and not having it be MMO.
This time will be different! This time I won't do a... 

And I'm a stealth archer again.
    Always an elf stealth archer. I have no shame.
        An elf?! 😱 😱 😱
            STOP ELF SHAMING ME!
                😂 😂 😂

Didn't mean to elf shame you. 

But you do know that Skyrim belongs to the Nords, right? 😉
                    That's what the elves want you to think.
                        Holdup... I... Umm...

Que?
                            Eso es lo que los elfos quieren que pienses. ¿Acaso no escuchas?
                    Which is why my dark elf fights for the empire, cause Ulfric is a dick to my people.
                You just said you have no shame so what do you care?
                    I was referring to stealth archer. Ermmm... Ummm.. Stop shame shaming me!
        *NEVER TRUST AN ELF!*
            And never, ever, cut a deal with a dragon.
        I too am always an elf stealth archer.  Isn't it the best character?  I like the story lines and the scenery, exploring and finding neat random stuff, collecting flowers and cooking them into potions, and hanging around in taverns people-watching and listening to the nice music.  Sometimes I just like to cook stuff at home and sit on my back deck looking at the scenery.
If I could make any changes, I'd 1)  Make the world even bigger, 2) Give the bards a larger selection of songs and tunes, 3) Have a larger selection of recipes for foods... I wish I could see my character eating and drinking.

I escape my own reality by spending time in this beautiful world.  Sometimes I return to areas I've already cleared just to see it again.

The Dwemer civilization ruins fascinates me.  I don't derive pleasure from killing enemies but sometimes I'd like to backhand some of those bratty kids.

I cried when Alvor died (Okay, not like bawling my eyes out more like a lump in my throat and angry) and I couldn't save him no matter how many times I replayed that section.  Is there any way to save Alvor?  Also, I spend a lot of time with the old lady that lives in the little shack in the woods.  
Edit:  She reminds me of my mom, how she cleans and gardens and sits in her rocker.  One time I got curious as to what she had in the basement and she turned on me.  I felt guilty about it.


~~Why do people hate stealth archers?~~ I see.
            the mod run for your lives makes townspeople go inside when dragons or vampires attack.   otherwise on a long play thru, you end up with all the non essentials dead, and it's like a ghost town.  Keeping your vendors alive and wealthy (there's a mod for that too) is important! Because I use Skyrim Unbound as my alternate start mod, I can play for a very very long time before visiting the greybeards. I usually abandon the main quest after getting the horn from Delphine. I rarely bother with the civil war and when I do, just to korvanjund; who really needs Hjerim??!  Companions?  Only to dustman's cairn to get another fire breath word.
            Pretty sure the old lady you’re talking about is actually a witch.
                Yes, she is a witch, but 

One time I was walking around in the woods near her house and I was attacked by bandits.  She ran over and killed them and then went back and sat in her rocking chair.  She's really just a sweet old lady that loses her shit when she's robbed or someone attacks her guests.
            Most wholesome. 

Bards do need a bigger repertoire and a few of the kids I am ashamed to say are now orphans due to their smart mouths.
        I tried to make a no nonsense, no stealth, Breton sword and shield build, and 10 hours later I was a stealth archer thieves guild master
            I hear you, I truly hear you. Lol.
    Happy cake day !!
        Thanks! :D
    My first playthrough actually _didn't_ end up being a stealth archer. Mostly because I was like 12 and pursued elementalism for the sole reason that I thought it was cool.

Every subsequent playthrough has evolved into a heavy-armor stealth archer dual-classed into Conjuration for the summons, no matter how it started.
I found the stealth archer just waaaay too boring.

Stealth *daggers*, now that's where it's at.
    Can't you get ridiculous multipliers for stealth daggers, like 16x sneak damage or something?
        Yes. 30x. 15x from the stealth skill tree, (which has previously given you 3x damage) combined with the Dark Brotherhood gloves which double your backstab damage.
            60x with an orc if you use berserker rage.
                Oh my god, I'd totally missed that. After almost 10 years I can't believe I hadn't noticed. Thank you.
    This is definitely more effective with a higher stealth skill level, I usually build up stealth with bow kills and move on to daggers from there.

Once I figured out I can pickpocket bandits before stabbing them with a dagger, and use calm/pacify if things get too messy, it completely changed the game for me, and gave me a fun way to use pickpocket and illusion on top of stealth.
Stealth archery just feels sooooo good. Why doesn't ANY other game, even ones that focus specifically on archery get this satisfying?
    [deleted]
        It's not borderline OP it is completely OP. It doesn't help that Skyrim makes it so easy to level up a skill. On top of all that they weigh nothing so you can carry infinite arrows. If you use a bow at all, you will in short order be unstoppable with it. I don't find it satisfying at all because it is so boring. I impose a limit on arrows when I play.
        Yeah I usually play on Adept/Expert but if I choose to go archer I bump it up to Expert/Master and it still feels easier.
            Yeah, absurdly easy despite the focus of how unfair it is
    Dual dagger stealth assassin is the only way I ever play. The 30x multiplier for sneak attack is absolute murder. Couple that with Mehrunes' Razor (small chance of instantly killing a target) and you will destroy everything you can creep on.  
I once managed to drop directly on top of a dragon's hitbox while it was sleeping atop one of those mountaintop ruins. Did a power sneak attack and one-shot it.  
Edit: Obligatory "Hail Sithis." My first ESO character was also a dual dagger nightblade. I have a thing for rogues/assassins in RPGs.
    Stealth archery gang
Well, he only needs the Muffle enchantment on his boots and he's good to go
    Ah, the rarest enchantment. Spent literal days play skyrim hunting down one of those before almost immediately disenchanting it.
        Could also use the Ebony Mail you get from doing the Boethia's Calling quest
I don't know why stealth archer gets shat on so much. It's easily the most fun way of engaging in combat. Just spamming the attack button or blasting spells gets real boring real quick. At least there's a bit of skill to sniping and the fun of "huh...? Must've been my imagination..." spoken by a bandit with a arrow imbedded in his face.
    It doesn't get shat on, it gets memed because of how superior it is to every other play style. Because stealth is OP, combat is boring, and the magic system was totally castrated.
        Learning the fortify resto loop was the most fun I’ve had in video games in awhile.
        And, at least the way I play, it's superior because I just want to look at stuff. 

Skyrim has always been a "chill, walk around, and look at all the stuff" game for me. That's the primary game. The mini-game within the game is using bandits as a shooting gallery.
I've had at least 10 play through characters with at least level 90 smithing and have never tried stealth archer lol
All roads lead to stealth archery.

Idly sneaking through the world inserting arrows into unsuspecting necks is the way.
Only for specific scenarios when it works best!

*Stealth archer always works best*
I stopped playing after I spent about 10 hours a day grinding crafting and enchanting just to build the perfect set of armor. 

It was just digital work...
    And then after you've made the perfect set of gear you play with it for about 30 minutes, get bored and quit.
Nah. You’re a real gamer. Make single player games as easy as you want. It’s your story and your journey to go on. Get that happiness.
It's not weird and it doesn't make you any less of a gamer. Anyone who tells you otherwise is a gatekeeper and we don't need those kinds of people. Games are there for people to have fun playing them, so no matter how you play, you're doing it right if you're having a good time!
"I know that that is "weird" and makes me "not a real gamer""

Real gamer is a term used by pieces of shit, honestly, fuck those that call you that. It doesn't matter how you play a game, as long as you're having fun.
    honestly it's so cringe that even the pieces of shit don't use it.. i've heard it only from raging kids or someone using it on some cheater/hacker dude
Higher difficulties are so stupid anyways. Having to *hit* an enemy with a hammer to the head 100 fucking times doesn't bring anything interesting to the game. Higher difficulties should instead do things like removing quest markers, map fast travel, and adding needs like hunger and thirst
    You bring up a really good point with that. I wish more games had harder modes that fundamentally changed the gameplay, not just made you hit the things more.

Imagine a game where easy mode meant that enemies didn't even do some kind of heavy attack that you needed a dodge mechanic for. In hard mode you had to add dodging, and the playstyle changes entirely as a result.

Essentially like if easy mode played more like novice skyrim, and hard mode was literally dark souls style fighting.
I’ve got trainers downloaded for pretty much any single player game I play on PC now. I don’t always use them, but I often find myself going up against game mechanics that are just tedious and don’t respect my time.

I love Dragon Age Inquisition, but the war resources felt awful to me and the side quests to increase them were meaningless and awful a lot of the time. 

I loved Witcher 3, but probably like 70% of the interest points on the map were a single chest with a monster nearby that had either nothing helpful, or a rare alchemy/armor recipe. After playing through it all once, I just add all the recipes and the game still progresses pretty naturally since I still have to craft them. 

Do whatever it takes to make your $60 fun. Outside of multiplayer games, there shouldn’t be strict rules you have to adhere to play your game.
I've recently started a run of Fallout 4 where I used the console to make the raiders non-hostile. It is so much more fun exploring their spaces when they are still living in them.
    Bandits in Skyrim are the same way! If you fumble through their hideouts and accidentally get their attention, you miss out on a lot of good dialogue. One of the biggest reasons to roll stealth archer on the first playthrough imo.
        I've only played a bit of Skyrim but I really like that you don't get experience for killing things. It feels like it really opens up possibilities for playing less violently
            Yep. You can get to a pretty high level completely without combat by just going city to city as a pickpocket. Building capital from being a thief let’s you expand into crafting and trading which levels you up even more.
I would like to do this sometimes as well, especially because some quests like diplomatic immunity are really hard for me even on novice, but sadly the switch version doesnt have a god mode
I did it in skyrim after a few playthroughs, and it was one of my most enjoyable experiences in the game. It's like going to a theme park. Nothing will kill you, but you still enjoy the ride.

Also, I simply do not have as much time to enjoy games as I used to. I have tons of games I still want and need to play, yet I still want to keep revisiting this game that drags me in. I don't really have time for a glitching out cart to kill me and send me back.

There's even a couple of games out there I've opted to just play in god mode entirely. It's like watching a movie you control.
There needs to be more accessibility options in general. 

I’m getting older and QTEs have started ruining games for me. I just can’t hit them. I fumble with the controls, and every console has their buttons placed differently that I just mix them up even when I do get them on time. I pretty much stay away from them like the plague. 

BOTW perfect parries were a similar problem and I just never put myself in a situation where I had to perform one if I could.
An easy mode for dark souls exists, it is called "sorcery"
well dark souls was always advertised as "this game will tear your ass" so wanting an easy mode for a game that is supposed to be hard af is kinda dumb and says a lot about the player

I know you didn't want to debate this but I had to get it off my chest
It always has been. Let people have fun at the difficulty of their own choice because how hard a game is varies significantly from person to person. Unless your game's "quirkyness" comes from the difficulty aspect of it, having an adjustable difficulty setting is a no-brainer
    I like the Wolfenstein games where the developers clearly want you to play on a hard mode, and the game makes fun of you for picking one of the easier modes, but you can just play on easy anyway and still experience the full story.
I didn’t mean that Souls doesn’t have more to offer, I just meant in reference to difficulty.

I’ve seen the lore, watched people play it, and think to myself “if I only had the patience and skill I would LOVE this series”. 

You’re right that Souls had a lot of influence. And my friends who play it love it for both the difficulty and the world/lore.

Games are meant to be fun, and this isn’t an argument because we’re all saying the same thing here.

Games are fun!
    I always thought I’d never be able to play dark souls because I’ve never been particularly good at games. But I started playing DS3 a couple weeks ago because I was spending so much time watching YouTube videos about it and it’s really not that bad. It’s difficult but not frustrating. You don’t ever feel like you’re not progressing - every time you die you feel like you’ve got a little bit better, both at the game and stats wise. And it’s actually fun to have to try and try again. I would definitely recommend it.
    Happy u didn't take it the wrong way, and I didn't mean the comment as a reply but just a piece of my mind.

And yes, GAMES ARE FUN, but PLAY WHAT U LOVE (also), never let anyone force souls (Or Pokemon sun and moon, in support of too easy to be fun conversation, or battle royales, "Not everyone plays competitively" topic) down ur throat.
        We were here praising a game because it gave someone the opportunity to enjoy and have fun.

You didn't say anything derogatory, or patronizing. You gave your opinion, which is not wrong at all, and added to the conversation.

This is how threads should go. There is no ME vs YOU, 

In the end, Skyrim is great because its a fun game that brings joy like... 10 years later!
bro lmfao DS3 the *easiest?* I find Sekiro easier than DS3 but maybe I’m just stupid
    If u fell sekiro is a souls (it is but it's technically not), all other souls will be alien. But in the conversation of ds series and bloodborne (soulsborne, why am I doing this) ds3 is the tamest of all.

Sekiro is deflects attack aggressively, souls are dodge dodge attack passively. Or maybe I'm just stupid.... Or is it?? WHAT is ^difficulty
        It’s weird because Sekiro isn’t even my first Fromsoft game. I have platinums for Dark Souls Remastered & Bloodborne... DS3 kicks my ass though. It took me forever to beat it and I still haven’t even defeated Nameless King
            Holy shit, u might be the first guy I know who find ds3 tough after ds1, bro u r like the shiny perfect IV Pokemon.⊙﹏⊙

Ooh and ya, as for bosses, I do agree ds3 is a level above the cut. No doubt there, I think it's just more polished, keep at peace my man. I was meaning the whole game, ds1 no fast travel till end game, ds2...... It's ds2, getting though ds3 is preety easy in comparison, or that atleast what I feel.
Never played Dark Souls. Atleast until now, that may change later. But I've yet to come across a tougher game than Talking Tom Flappy Bird. Fuck that stupid bird.
    Man, I am with u, fuck Flappy Bird........... another try??
        Never again. Damn near cracked my screen when I used to rage quit. Speaking of Dark Souls, can you get Yhorm's great machete?
It's ok, all of us were there at some point of time, to go on cause everyone near u is or to stop and say NO, it's not for me.

BUT, but, let us, souls fanatics, get what we want. I am just saying that u don't need to ask for a game that sheeps (masses, us) want, like when any future from soft titles get announced there is always be a war about easy mode, it's not the same for every game. It's not like I play at hard, invade someone who's in easy mode, and I level them. That's just not fare, to all of us. Souls have mechanics which contradicts the conversation.
Well... maybe? Kirby games don’t have a difficulty. They’re still games. 

Not all games need an sliding scale. It’s such a vast world that there’s no limit to what games are out there.
I try not to kill named NPCs because they are a finite resource. Once they're gone you will never heard their voice again.  I always feel that no matter how annoying they are, Skyrim would be a poorer land without that NPC to live in it.
    I think the world is a better place without Faendal.
        Svens just as bad and without the use!
            Can't fucking stand Sven either.
        [deleted]
    What about Braith, Nazeem, or the loud dude in the middle of Whiterun?
        The bad people make the good people better
            That's a wonderful way to look at the real world too.
                Although when I become thane I always kill nazeem.
                    Some people are just irredeemable lol
        None of them are as bad as Maven who is always essential unfortunately.
            I didn't kill any unique NPCs that's not an enemy. Not even Nazeem. But when I met that piece of absolute garbage that is Maven. I immediately went and installed a mod just to kill her. 

Then that's where the fun begins, soul trap her for eternity, sacrifice her to a Daedric Prince, your options are endless.
        the times I tried to kill Braith only to repeatedly remind myself she's essential = unkillable..

Nazeem is 1st dead in whiterun, 2nd is Heimskr.

.. then I discovered mods and killmove fucked Braith real good.
    > Once they're gone you will never heard their voice again.

I dunno. Skyrim only has like 3 voice actors.
    Can always just spawn them back in if you really miss them.
        or resurrect them, hit them with recycle actor and move them out of the dead body cell if they end up there after a few days.

Edit: This doesnt work for everyone and can be quite buggy
    I killed them all. Starting at the top left corner of the map. I made the world go dark. Only guards left.
Just as I got fed up with Faendal, a dragon swooped over riverwood and killed him before I got the chance. He left me all of his posessions. And thats how I got to own a house in Riverwood
    Wait. . . they give you their houses?
        Only happened with Faendal for me. When he died, the letter dude ran up to me to hand me his posessions - about 100 gold and his house key. Hadn't had this happen with any other npc yet but my companions tend to have a long and safe life si ce I prefer traveling alone
        Well, you can loot Faendals key off his body and If they're your follower, you can use their bed. Be careful, though, as not every storage container ist safe. In Faendals house it's only the chest under the table with the bow on it.

Also anything expensive you put in there will be marked as stealing, but since nobody is gonna see you do it, it doesn't really matter.
Sure! It's probably too much to give you all variations of what I mean with that, so I'll give you a more specific example instead.

For the people I work with/am friends with, they can easily see for themselves what they can expect from a situation, how to react to that and when to give it a place in case there's no reaction necessary immediately. That works differently for me.

Recently a task was being assigned to me that I had to do at work. How I did it, didn't matter. As long as it happened. For me, that means I specifically need to know 1) what, 2) how, 3) where, 4) when and 5) with who. Sometimes there's a 6) why, but not always. 

I need to actively ask myself if I can answer these questions. Otherwise I need to get on finding an answer ASAP to even start working or considering decision-making. Not acting on it results into "overload" in my brain over time because I cannot fill in the blanks.

Now imagine you have 10 tasks assigned to you simultaneously. Then 4 of the tasks will not be clear until 2 days later and another 2 change up constantly out of my control, having to re-adjust very regularly and unexpectedly.

I learned to cope pretty well with this over the years and built systems for myself to make it easier. However, once in a while the "cache" in my brain is going through the roof in size and I need to step out of the whole situation to "defrag" everything. Making mind-maps help a lot with that for me.

I hope this even remotely makes sense. The problem with autism is that there are several things that autistic people have in common, but a lot of things differ per person. One can have trouble understanding other people's emotions, while the other is very good at identifying them.

Let me know if I need to clarify, because I happily do! Maybe next time with a textwall that's a bit smaller, LOL.
The best part about this is the people you do this for will like you because of it.

So there is a small chance you might get a gift from one of these people. It's rare, but it can happen
> I have cabbages to sell

*Aang appears out of nowhere*
My last playthrough I just traveled between towns stealing, smithing, brewing, and enchanting. Didn't start going out into the wilderness until I was about level 35 with fully maxed out daedric gear. Something about the grinding of crafting mechanics felt satisfying.
Not full playthroughs, but there have definitely been times where I would barely do any dungeons/quests for several days. Just kinda hunting, gathering, brewing, only going into small-ish caves for mushrooms and ore and stuff.
Not the first time, game kinda holds your hand for a while. But replay? Definitely.
Can you mod VR?
I finished Dark Souls 1 (yes even freakin Manus and Kalameet), Dark Souls 2 and almost Dark Souls 3 (the Soul of Cinder is just a pain for me lol). I also finished Witcher 2 and Witcher 3 (both great games especially the Touissant DLC in 3). 

Skyrim is still a masterpiece to me...in fact...having played through those games almost makes me even more sure of it. Barely any other game has it that every single NPC literally has their own schedule and does their own things and has their own story...you can hunt down an NPC to assassinate and see how they move from town to town or through the world. You can map out how certain NPCs interact with other NPCs and have their own daily schedules. 

 There are corners of the world with their own strange secrets, hidden NPCs and things to discover. If you blow through the story you might be disappointed, but there is no other game for me where i have literally ignored the main story after the first few quests (I never touch Jarl Balgruuf in Whiterun after reaching Riverrun) and you still have a massive game to play for yourself and world to explore.
What's your problem man? It could be unironic, it could be someone's sarcastic creative writing excercise. You will never know which.
Agree
I think you meant to say Morrowind.
Literally every product is made to make money
Lol at the “you’re a reincarnated god” comment.  I’ve had Skyrim, red dead redemption, and many other “self playing” open world games ruined for me with the ball busting intensity of FromSoft games.  It’s like being a drug addict.  Luckily, other games, like God of War and Jedi Fallen Order on max difficulty have approximated that feeling.

I do hope that Elder Scrolls 6 has slightly more complex melee combat than “hit, dodge, block,” maybe a directional hit system sort of like for honor?  The magic combat wasn’t half bad, but it’s slow as hell to level, and most spells are useless.
    Not every game needs to be a complex unforgiving puzzle. Skyrim's magic is that anyone can pick it up and play it. Dark Souls isn't that, and most players give up shortly into it because the idea of a game is for something to pick up and relax to. To have a complex combat system would ruin that entirely. If you can't just pick it up and play and relax, it's not Elder Scrolls. That's the audience they want to build

If it's not for you, then don't play it, as you've said, fromsoft games are your forte, so play more fromsoft games. Have you checked out their PS1 games?
        I haven’t gotten a chance to play those yet, but I’m sure I will at some point.  

And yeah, you’re right that Skyrim and the rest of TES is a more relaxing and casual experience.  They probably shouldn’t be making it as hard as the fromsoft games.  I do think a reasonable request for the next entry is that difficulty selections include more than just enemy damage/player health sliders.
            Now that I do agree with, although the difficulty slider fixes the broken leveling of Oblivion, I actually want difficulty to be difficulty. Increase enemy count, give them more attacks, make them smarter
I already have found my treasure 14 years ago, and it's re-releasing next month. Super excited as are Blizzard fans. Burning Crusade btw.
    Oh nice! Enjoy!
That came off weirdly condescending, BTW.

Edit: I’m right. You’re all just offended someone would say the obvious truth that Skyrim isn’t the greatest game of all time.
    Huh, I felt the comment he replied to came off as condescending instead.
        Yea, coming to a sub of a game just to criticize it and say you can't like it is extremely condescending and stupid
Billy. A clichéd name for a goat, for sure, but that was his name. He reigned supreme over part of our property for quite some time. A meadow which tapered off into a small pine forest, which had a bridge over a brook. After school I used to go and talk to Billy about my troubles at school and life in general. He didn't really seem to care much at all, but that didn't matter. One day Billy actually headbutted me from the bridge into the brook. That was OK. I sat among the fleshly plants for some time and observed a slug with transparent flesh—full of purple and red veins it was. I thought it may be poisonous but it was nice to look at. Some time later Billy fell off that bridge and broke his legs. My father had to shoot him. My brother watched, but I could not. I cried in the kitchen when I heard the gunshot. Billy. Wherever he is now, he likely cares not for me at all. But I think about that goat every day.
Could not agree more, the theives guild quest line in oblivion is my absolute favorite
[deleted]
If you are looking for lore books outside of Skyrim, give *Dark Elves, Dark Hearts* a read. It’s from ESO I believe. It’s my favorite piece of lore in Elder Scrolls, hands down. It’s the story of an Orc visiting Morrowind. Reading it in the Skyrim “Male Orc NPC” voice really does it for me lol.
    Haha yeah I’ll definitely give it a read!
There’s a podcast where they just read through every book in Skyrim. Only annoying part is so many episodes are listening to a 35 second intro for 12 seconds of someone’s journal.
    What’s the podcast name? I need to listen to this
        Looks like it is called Skyrim Book Club
            Nice! Thank you so much!
    Yes, I need to batch download and automate something to snip out the first 30 seconds of the minute or two of total running length of each episode.
        Please lmk if you crack that
I did the exact same lol. Still do after almost 10 years. I got it early christmas of 2011 and I've bought the game 3 more times since that special gift, Special Edition on Xbone and recently PC, and the Switch Edition. Easily top 10 of my most favorite games of all time.
    I finally continued my file, havent played since 2013 on Xbox 360. Transferred my save to the PC Version, so glad I was able to continue and not start over! Missed this game so much!
        Wow.... and here I am starting on a newly modded setup (moreso now... Wabbajack is like crack) every 6 months before real life gets in the way at around level 20 and I end up being a pleb in back in Riverwood/Falkreath again six months later.
            I'm more like you, any time I've left a save alone for more than a couple of weeks I start over.
                I have 3 SSE wabbajack sets and one LE version installed even now, and I am still not sure which one is "right" but I get them all mixed up and can't remember what I am doing. Time to start again at that campsite outside the Helgen cave.
            ive dropped 300+ hours into the game on 360. def didint want to start over lol
    hehe, long time Elder Scrolls fan here, I started with TES: Arena (really ancient stuff) and got hooked.  Morrowind was crazy good, played both DLCs and still wanted more. Best of them all plot wise.  Oblivion changed up the style, it was such a bright flowery landscape where Morrowind was dark desert, but there was so much to do and so many places to go and I played that for years, till Skyrim came out in 2011.  Been playing Skyrim ever since, and that's where I got into modding.  It's really hard now to go back to the old graphics, I can't stand vanilla Skyrim now after modding it for so long. I wore out the old DVD disc and bought a replacement twice before buying Steam based legendary edition.  I still play constantly, always trying new mods, SE came free on Steam so I run that game as well and just switch back and forth. Thanks to modding the Skyrim I play now constantly changes with new content, which keeps it fresh and interesting.
    Yeah it’s so amazing. The community is also super great everyone is so nice. Everything about elder scrolls is awesome
I have Skyrim on every console I own (pc/ps3/ps4/Xbox) but I have never gotten past level25 lol, the other day I was looking for a game for my switch because all I have are kiddy type games for it and I wanted an adventure. Lo and behold, Skyrim was on sale. Idk what about it being on switch is different but I can not put it down now, I’ve put maybe 30 hours into it in the past week and a half. Play it even at work and read the lore while I’m sitting there. It’s also helped me stay sober, so it’s a win win for me and it’s brought a light back into my life.
    I’m so happy it helped you stay sober! That’s awesome homie!
>this shit is like a drug

Well, for starters, it was made on drugs.
I love how deep the story goes and especially the mysteries like the Dwemer. I can’t wait to see what they will do with the next one. Make sure you guys eat healthy and exercise so we can all live long enough to play it
    The dwemner are the most interesting race to me by far!!
And then there was me when I got Morrowind when I was about twelve. I could say I loved the immersion, the lore but in reality I just loved bashing people over the head with a massive hammer then sleeping in their bed
    17yo me building a pillow fort on top of one of the guard towers in Balmora out of pillows I liberate during my travels.  In the middle, a giant tower of human skulls neatly stacked on top of each other rising into the sky.
I know this is old, but legit curious here. If this is how you feel about media, then why play video games, or why play video games with enemies? Videogames from the start were made with challenge in mind, not really as a 'passive' experience, so it's somewhat odd to me that someone that feels this way would like playing videogames at all, or at least videogames with enemies or skill levels. Sorry if I'm coming off as argumentive or anything, not trying to, just genuinely curious about it.
    You might be interested in reading about [flow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)).  For some people, the effort vs. progress ratio is a bit different.
        That is really interesting actually. However, there are games specifically geared towards low skill/exploration, "walking simulators", stuff like Journey, things that seem to fit that need more. Like I wouldn't expect a casual gamer to enjoy Dark Souls or Arma or 4x games because they're not really meant for that audience. So in the flow chart, a low skill player would have anxiety playing something challenging, applying it here, a low "stress" player would Have anxiety playing a high "stress" game. So a low skill player generally avoids challenging games, I guess I'm curious why a low stress player wouldn't play low stress games. Is the exploration of Skyrim vs those other games just that big of a quality gap that someone would be willing to brave the stress? Of course I'm not trying to say you shouldn't play whatever game you want but I personally don't play something outside of my preferences even if it is really good.
            It'd not necessarily skill level (I once even beat a Korean in StarCraft at university), grew up with GoldenEye, even beat BioShock Infinite on normal without dying once, etc. But what I eventually learned is I just don't *enjoy* that challenge; it's more stress than enjoyment. I guess my fulfillment comes from parenting and my job. Yeah, that's the word, it's not fulfilling like it once was
            When you're already stressed, more stress is the last thing you need.

Stress is not the same thing as obstacles. Walking simulators remove obstacles.

Skyrim on easy = lots of obstacles with low stress. When you're stressed in life with obstacles already, succeeding at some without stress isn't boring, it stands in as the artificial resolution of what was left unfinished in life. The illusions breaks the next morning but the relief is rejuvenating.
*fingers crossed* some day maybe...
I have never not knowingly spent an extra hour scaling a mountain than take a more circuatous route. To all fellow goats out there! Shadowmere also is a 4x4 in horse form.
    I never use a horse. Maybe the first playthrough but too expensive. I should have used one the last time I played when I made stupid powerful amulets and was extremely rich.
        Shadowmere is free (in terms of gold) and respawns if it dies!
            It takes a while to get to and the actual act of finding it can be annoying with how difficult navigation is in the Soul Cairn, but the horse you can get in the Dawnguard DLC, Arvak, is another free horse that is incredible to have, given you can summon him at any outdoor area.
                You're thinking of the skeleton horse I forget his name but Shadowmere is from dark brotherhood, nvm reread it I misunderstood
Hey there, I'm autistic too, and I also recommend Fallout 4. You can turn the volume for sound effects (gunfire) down if it is too much. Both Skyrim and Fallout 4 scratch an itch in my brain that most games just can't.
    You can also just do a stealth playthrough with a silent weapon and never get into gunfights (outside of quests where there's some scripted fight that has to happen I guess). Obsessively modding rifles into the best possible sniper variant was pretty good fun for me, even in the vanilla game without mods. One of the better systems Bethesda has made in recent memory imo.
You can turn down the volume of gunfire etc plus use mods for that. I understand though, I just thought maybe they could try it :)
i get so fuckin triggered by morrowind combat lmao. every time i "miss" i turn into the guy from the Star Trek movies, just I SAW IT HAPPEN DON'T TELL ME IT DIDNT HAPPEN

when i have time to get into my games, i'm gonna shove a bunch of mods up its keister to make the gameplay tolerable so i can fuck with it. honestly, i wish Morroblivion had been finished and polished up. i think that would be the ideal remaster (fuck Skyrim's engine honestly, i don't wanna play a version of Morrowind where I can't kill things underwater or rain down fire from midair)
but it's so satisfying when you get high enough leveled and can destroy everything. making custom spells is incredible, i have a custom spell that does incredible AoE damage but with a paralysis & immunity to magic/elements effect on target as well as a heal on target. so you knock an ally down and heal them while blasting the shit out of everything else

i call it "get down mr president"
Hm. I always had subtitles on. I wonder if they’re more configurable on PS4. 

I bought the ezio triology for like 20$$ if that’s an option for you. Maybe run a quick Google search to see if it’d be worth your time investing in. Idk, not trying to tell you how to run your life ha
My son is amazing at Minecraft. It is his favorite game. It's unreal how well he builds. I try so hard bc I really enjoy playing it. It's alot of fun. But I can't match what he does and he does it so easy and he is only 8. But i try bc it's just so much fun. And he will say "great job dad you're getting so much better" haha. Fuckin roll reversal. I'll suggest these other games. He alos loves Kingdom Hearts. All of them. I guess bc of the Disney characters and story lines. Thanks for the suggestions. Honestly!!!!
Than you are a more patient person than I am. I thought I was going to just clear one more cave, sell off everything and go to bed. I'm a person who likes to methodically clear everything and Blackreach was just hell for me. But I guess that's what also makes it a good game.
What do you mean "not so stressful???"

.

Last time I'm in there, I tried to pick up crimson nirnroot when I accidentally met with like 10 or 20 "wispmothers" down there. DO YOU KNOW HOW SCARED I WAS?!?
I just hear that in game a lot so I thought it would be funny. And I try not to assume people's gender online especially. I want to be as inclusive as I can even though I'm an aging gen x guy I love people of various genders, alignments, races and religions.
Yeah last time I played ‘Ironman’ Skyrim (die and you have to totally restart), I got chased and cornered by two sabre cats and a dragon, eventually pushed up a mountain right into a frost troll. Felt amazing when I finally gave them the slip but by god the STRESS.
    I've had my heart rate jump up so high during Skyrim that I thought I was about to have some sort of problem.
I wonder if that's bad for your heart.
        Go outside and get exercise if video game anxiety is too much on the ticker. Cliche advice I know.
            That's a good reminder, thank you.
                Lol sorry. I also enjoy sitting on my ass and playing games with no thought to external concerns.
    Or playing with Frostfall on and trying to make your way from Whiterun to Winterhold in the early game. Gruelling.
Constant rebalancing updates are pretty annoying, but I really like content updates, like for Minecraft, No Man's Sky etc.

Just gives you something to come back to every once in a while. Something new in a familiar environment
    The good thing with Skyrim is that we basically get constant content updates that we can choose whether or not to install, and for free. Bruma, Wyrmstooth, Wheels of Lull, Forgotten City, etc.
Always an elf stealth archer. I have no shame.
    An elf?! 😱 😱 😱
        STOP ELF SHAMING ME!
            😂 😂 😂

Didn't mean to elf shame you. 

But you do know that Skyrim belongs to the Nords, right? 😉
                That's what the elves want you to think.
                    Holdup... I... Umm...

Que?
                        Eso es lo que los elfos quieren que pienses. ¿Acaso no escuchas?
                Which is why my dark elf fights for the empire, cause Ulfric is a dick to my people.
            You just said you have no shame so what do you care?
                I was referring to stealth archer. Ermmm... Ummm.. Stop shame shaming me!
    *NEVER TRUST AN ELF!*
        And never, ever, cut a deal with a dragon.
    I too am always an elf stealth archer.  Isn't it the best character?  I like the story lines and the scenery, exploring and finding neat random stuff, collecting flowers and cooking them into potions, and hanging around in taverns people-watching and listening to the nice music.  Sometimes I just like to cook stuff at home and sit on my back deck looking at the scenery.
If I could make any changes, I'd 1)  Make the world even bigger, 2) Give the bards a larger selection of songs and tunes, 3) Have a larger selection of recipes for foods... I wish I could see my character eating and drinking.

I escape my own reality by spending time in this beautiful world.  Sometimes I return to areas I've already cleared just to see it again.

The Dwemer civilization ruins fascinates me.  I don't derive pleasure from killing enemies but sometimes I'd like to backhand some of those bratty kids.

I cried when Alvor died (Okay, not like bawling my eyes out more like a lump in my throat and angry) and I couldn't save him no matter how many times I replayed that section.  Is there any way to save Alvor?  Also, I spend a lot of time with the old lady that lives in the little shack in the woods.  
Edit:  She reminds me of my mom, how she cleans and gardens and sits in her rocker.  One time I got curious as to what she had in the basement and she turned on me.  I felt guilty about it.


~~Why do people hate stealth archers?~~ I see.
        the mod run for your lives makes townspeople go inside when dragons or vampires attack.   otherwise on a long play thru, you end up with all the non essentials dead, and it's like a ghost town.  Keeping your vendors alive and wealthy (there's a mod for that too) is important! Because I use Skyrim Unbound as my alternate start mod, I can play for a very very long time before visiting the greybeards. I usually abandon the main quest after getting the horn from Delphine. I rarely bother with the civil war and when I do, just to korvanjund; who really needs Hjerim??!  Companions?  Only to dustman's cairn to get another fire breath word.
        Pretty sure the old lady you’re talking about is actually a witch.
            Yes, she is a witch, but 

One time I was walking around in the woods near her house and I was attacked by bandits.  She ran over and killed them and then went back and sat in her rocking chair.  She's really just a sweet old lady that loses her shit when she's robbed or someone attacks her guests.
        Most wholesome. 

Bards do need a bigger repertoire and a few of the kids I am ashamed to say are now orphans due to their smart mouths.
    I tried to make a no nonsense, no stealth, Breton sword and shield build, and 10 hours later I was a stealth archer thieves guild master
        I hear you, I truly hear you. Lol.
Happy cake day !!
    Thanks! :D
My first playthrough actually _didn't_ end up being a stealth archer. Mostly because I was like 12 and pursued elementalism for the sole reason that I thought it was cool.

Every subsequent playthrough has evolved into a heavy-armor stealth archer dual-classed into Conjuration for the summons, no matter how it started.
Can't you get ridiculous multipliers for stealth daggers, like 16x sneak damage or something?
    Yes. 30x. 15x from the stealth skill tree, (which has previously given you 3x damage) combined with the Dark Brotherhood gloves which double your backstab damage.
        60x with an orc if you use berserker rage.
            Oh my god, I'd totally missed that. After almost 10 years I can't believe I hadn't noticed. Thank you.
This is definitely more effective with a higher stealth skill level, I usually build up stealth with bow kills and move on to daggers from there.

Once I figured out I can pickpocket bandits before stabbing them with a dagger, and use calm/pacify if things get too messy, it completely changed the game for me, and gave me a fun way to use pickpocket and illusion on top of stealth.
[deleted]
    It's not borderline OP it is completely OP. It doesn't help that Skyrim makes it so easy to level up a skill. On top of all that they weigh nothing so you can carry infinite arrows. If you use a bow at all, you will in short order be unstoppable with it. I don't find it satisfying at all because it is so boring. I impose a limit on arrows when I play.
    Yeah I usually play on Adept/Expert but if I choose to go archer I bump it up to Expert/Master and it still feels easier.
        Yeah, absurdly easy despite the focus of how unfair it is
Dual dagger stealth assassin is the only way I ever play. The 30x multiplier for sneak attack is absolute murder. Couple that with Mehrunes' Razor (small chance of instantly killing a target) and you will destroy everything you can creep on.  
I once managed to drop directly on top of a dragon's hitbox while it was sleeping atop one of those mountaintop ruins. Did a power sneak attack and one-shot it.  
Edit: Obligatory "Hail Sithis." My first ESO character was also a dual dagger nightblade. I have a thing for rogues/assassins in RPGs.
Stealth archery gang
Ah, the rarest enchantment. Spent literal days play skyrim hunting down one of those before almost immediately disenchanting it.
    Could also use the Ebony Mail you get from doing the Boethia's Calling quest
It doesn't get shat on, it gets memed because of how superior it is to every other play style. Because stealth is OP, combat is boring, and the magic system was totally castrated.
    Learning the fortify resto loop was the most fun I’ve had in video games in awhile.
    And, at least the way I play, it's superior because I just want to look at stuff. 

Skyrim has always been a "chill, walk around, and look at all the stuff" game for me. That's the primary game. The mini-game within the game is using bandits as a shooting gallery.
And then after you've made the perfect set of gear you play with it for about 30 minutes, get bored and quit.
honestly it's so cringe that even the pieces of shit don't use it.. i've heard it only from raging kids or someone using it on some cheater/hacker dude
You bring up a really good point with that. I wish more games had harder modes that fundamentally changed the gameplay, not just made you hit the things more.

Imagine a game where easy mode meant that enemies didn't even do some kind of heavy attack that you needed a dodge mechanic for. In hard mode you had to add dodging, and the playstyle changes entirely as a result.

Essentially like if easy mode played more like novice skyrim, and hard mode was literally dark souls style fighting.
Bandits in Skyrim are the same way! If you fumble through their hideouts and accidentally get their attention, you miss out on a lot of good dialogue. One of the biggest reasons to roll stealth archer on the first playthrough imo.
    I've only played a bit of Skyrim but I really like that you don't get experience for killing things. It feels like it really opens up possibilities for playing less violently
        Yep. You can get to a pretty high level completely without combat by just going city to city as a pickpocket. Building capital from being a thief let’s you expand into crafting and trading which levels you up even more.
I like the Wolfenstein games where the developers clearly want you to play on a hard mode, and the game makes fun of you for picking one of the easier modes, but you can just play on easy anyway and still experience the full story.
I always thought I’d never be able to play dark souls because I’ve never been particularly good at games. But I started playing DS3 a couple weeks ago because I was spending so much time watching YouTube videos about it and it’s really not that bad. It’s difficult but not frustrating. You don’t ever feel like you’re not progressing - every time you die you feel like you’ve got a little bit better, both at the game and stats wise. And it’s actually fun to have to try and try again. I would definitely recommend it.
Happy u didn't take it the wrong way, and I didn't mean the comment as a reply but just a piece of my mind.

And yes, GAMES ARE FUN, but PLAY WHAT U LOVE (also), never let anyone force souls (Or Pokemon sun and moon, in support of too easy to be fun conversation, or battle royales, "Not everyone plays competitively" topic) down ur throat.
    We were here praising a game because it gave someone the opportunity to enjoy and have fun.

You didn't say anything derogatory, or patronizing. You gave your opinion, which is not wrong at all, and added to the conversation.

This is how threads should go. There is no ME vs YOU, 

In the end, Skyrim is great because its a fun game that brings joy like... 10 years later!
If u fell sekiro is a souls (it is but it's technically not), all other souls will be alien. But in the conversation of ds series and bloodborne (soulsborne, why am I doing this) ds3 is the tamest of all.

Sekiro is deflects attack aggressively, souls are dodge dodge attack passively. Or maybe I'm just stupid.... Or is it?? WHAT is ^difficulty
    It’s weird because Sekiro isn’t even my first Fromsoft game. I have platinums for Dark Souls Remastered & Bloodborne... DS3 kicks my ass though. It took me forever to beat it and I still haven’t even defeated Nameless King
        Holy shit, u might be the first guy I know who find ds3 tough after ds1, bro u r like the shiny perfect IV Pokemon.⊙﹏⊙

Ooh and ya, as for bosses, I do agree ds3 is a level above the cut. No doubt there, I think it's just more polished, keep at peace my man. I was meaning the whole game, ds1 no fast travel till end game, ds2...... It's ds2, getting though ds3 is preety easy in comparison, or that atleast what I feel.
Man, I am with u, fuck Flappy Bird........... another try??
    Never again. Damn near cracked my screen when I used to rage quit. Speaking of Dark Souls, can you get Yhorm's great machete?
I think the world is a better place without Faendal.
    Svens just as bad and without the use!
        Can't fucking stand Sven either.
    [deleted]
What about Braith, Nazeem, or the loud dude in the middle of Whiterun?
    The bad people make the good people better
        That's a wonderful way to look at the real world too.
            Although when I become thane I always kill nazeem.
                Some people are just irredeemable lol
    None of them are as bad as Maven who is always essential unfortunately.
        I didn't kill any unique NPCs that's not an enemy. Not even Nazeem. But when I met that piece of absolute garbage that is Maven. I immediately went and installed a mod just to kill her. 

Then that's where the fun begins, soul trap her for eternity, sacrifice her to a Daedric Prince, your options are endless.
    the times I tried to kill Braith only to repeatedly remind myself she's essential = unkillable..

Nazeem is 1st dead in whiterun, 2nd is Heimskr.

.. then I discovered mods and killmove fucked Braith real good.
> Once they're gone you will never heard their voice again.

I dunno. Skyrim only has like 3 voice actors.
Can always just spawn them back in if you really miss them.
    or resurrect them, hit them with recycle actor and move them out of the dead body cell if they end up there after a few days.

Edit: This doesnt work for everyone and can be quite buggy
I killed them all. Starting at the top left corner of the map. I made the world go dark. Only guards left.
Wait. . . they give you their houses?
    Only happened with Faendal for me. When he died, the letter dude ran up to me to hand me his posessions - about 100 gold and his house key. Hadn't had this happen with any other npc yet but my companions tend to have a long and safe life si ce I prefer traveling alone
    Well, you can loot Faendals key off his body and If they're your follower, you can use their bed. Be careful, though, as not every storage container ist safe. In Faendals house it's only the chest under the table with the bow on it.

Also anything expensive you put in there will be marked as stealing, but since nobody is gonna see you do it, it doesn't really matter.
Not every game needs to be a complex unforgiving puzzle. Skyrim's magic is that anyone can pick it up and play it. Dark Souls isn't that, and most players give up shortly into it because the idea of a game is for something to pick up and relax to. To have a complex combat system would ruin that entirely. If you can't just pick it up and play and relax, it's not Elder Scrolls. That's the audience they want to build

If it's not for you, then don't play it, as you've said, fromsoft games are your forte, so play more fromsoft games. Have you checked out their PS1 games?
    I haven’t gotten a chance to play those yet, but I’m sure I will at some point.  

And yeah, you’re right that Skyrim and the rest of TES is a more relaxing and casual experience.  They probably shouldn’t be making it as hard as the fromsoft games.  I do think a reasonable request for the next entry is that difficulty selections include more than just enemy damage/player health sliders.
        Now that I do agree with, although the difficulty slider fixes the broken leveling of Oblivion, I actually want difficulty to be difficulty. Increase enemy count, give them more attacks, make them smarter
Oh nice! Enjoy!
Huh, I felt the comment he replied to came off as condescending instead.
    Yea, coming to a sub of a game just to criticize it and say you can't like it is extremely condescending and stupid
Haha yeah I’ll definitely give it a read!
What’s the podcast name? I need to listen to this
    Looks like it is called Skyrim Book Club
        Nice! Thank you so much!
Yes, I need to batch download and automate something to snip out the first 30 seconds of the minute or two of total running length of each episode.
    Please lmk if you crack that
I finally continued my file, havent played since 2013 on Xbox 360. Transferred my save to the PC Version, so glad I was able to continue and not start over! Missed this game so much!
    Wow.... and here I am starting on a newly modded setup (moreso now... Wabbajack is like crack) every 6 months before real life gets in the way at around level 20 and I end up being a pleb in back in Riverwood/Falkreath again six months later.
        I'm more like you, any time I've left a save alone for more than a couple of weeks I start over.
            I have 3 SSE wabbajack sets and one LE version installed even now, and I am still not sure which one is "right" but I get them all mixed up and can't remember what I am doing. Time to start again at that campsite outside the Helgen cave.
        ive dropped 300+ hours into the game on 360. def didint want to start over lol
hehe, long time Elder Scrolls fan here, I started with TES: Arena (really ancient stuff) and got hooked.  Morrowind was crazy good, played both DLCs and still wanted more. Best of them all plot wise.  Oblivion changed up the style, it was such a bright flowery landscape where Morrowind was dark desert, but there was so much to do and so many places to go and I played that for years, till Skyrim came out in 2011.  Been playing Skyrim ever since, and that's where I got into modding.  It's really hard now to go back to the old graphics, I can't stand vanilla Skyrim now after modding it for so long. I wore out the old DVD disc and bought a replacement twice before buying Steam based legendary edition.  I still play constantly, always trying new mods, SE came free on Steam so I run that game as well and just switch back and forth. Thanks to modding the Skyrim I play now constantly changes with new content, which keeps it fresh and interesting.
Yeah it’s so amazing. The community is also super great everyone is so nice. Everything about elder scrolls is awesome
I’m so happy it helped you stay sober! That’s awesome homie!
The dwemner are the most interesting race to me by far!!
17yo me building a pillow fort on top of one of the guard towers in Balmora out of pillows I liberate during my travels.  In the middle, a giant tower of human skulls neatly stacked on top of each other rising into the sky.
You might be interested in reading about [flow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)).  For some people, the effort vs. progress ratio is a bit different.
    That is really interesting actually. However, there are games specifically geared towards low skill/exploration, "walking simulators", stuff like Journey, things that seem to fit that need more. Like I wouldn't expect a casual gamer to enjoy Dark Souls or Arma or 4x games because they're not really meant for that audience. So in the flow chart, a low skill player would have anxiety playing something challenging, applying it here, a low "stress" player would Have anxiety playing a high "stress" game. So a low skill player generally avoids challenging games, I guess I'm curious why a low stress player wouldn't play low stress games. Is the exploration of Skyrim vs those other games just that big of a quality gap that someone would be willing to brave the stress? Of course I'm not trying to say you shouldn't play whatever game you want but I personally don't play something outside of my preferences even if it is really good.
        It'd not necessarily skill level (I once even beat a Korean in StarCraft at university), grew up with GoldenEye, even beat BioShock Infinite on normal without dying once, etc. But what I eventually learned is I just don't *enjoy* that challenge; it's more stress than enjoyment. I guess my fulfillment comes from parenting and my job. Yeah, that's the word, it's not fulfilling like it once was
        When you're already stressed, more stress is the last thing you need.

Stress is not the same thing as obstacles. Walking simulators remove obstacles.

Skyrim on easy = lots of obstacles with low stress. When you're stressed in life with obstacles already, succeeding at some without stress isn't boring, it stands in as the artificial resolution of what was left unfinished in life. The illusions breaks the next morning but the relief is rejuvenating.
I never use a horse. Maybe the first playthrough but too expensive. I should have used one the last time I played when I made stupid powerful amulets and was extremely rich.
    Shadowmere is free (in terms of gold) and respawns if it dies!
        It takes a while to get to and the actual act of finding it can be annoying with how difficult navigation is in the Soul Cairn, but the horse you can get in the Dawnguard DLC, Arvak, is another free horse that is incredible to have, given you can summon him at any outdoor area.
            You're thinking of the skeleton horse I forget his name but Shadowmere is from dark brotherhood, nvm reread it I misunderstood
You can also just do a stealth playthrough with a silent weapon and never get into gunfights (outside of quests where there's some scripted fight that has to happen I guess). Obsessively modding rifles into the best possible sniper variant was pretty good fun for me, even in the vanilla game without mods. One of the better systems Bethesda has made in recent memory imo.
I've had my heart rate jump up so high during Skyrim that I thought I was about to have some sort of problem.
I wonder if that's bad for your heart.
    Go outside and get exercise if video game anxiety is too much on the ticker. Cliche advice I know.
        That's a good reminder, thank you.
            Lol sorry. I also enjoy sitting on my ass and playing games with no thought to external concerns.
Or playing with Frostfall on and trying to make your way from Whiterun to Winterhold in the early game. Gruelling.
The good thing with Skyrim is that we basically get constant content updates that we can choose whether or not to install, and for free. Bruma, Wyrmstooth, Wheels of Lull, Forgotten City, etc.
An elf?! 😱 😱 😱
    STOP ELF SHAMING ME!
        😂 😂 😂

Didn't mean to elf shame you. 

But you do know that Skyrim belongs to the Nords, right? 😉
            That's what the elves want you to think.
                Holdup... I... Umm...

Que?
                    Eso es lo que los elfos quieren que pienses. ¿Acaso no escuchas?
            Which is why my dark elf fights for the empire, cause Ulfric is a dick to my people.
        You just said you have no shame so what do you care?
            I was referring to stealth archer. Ermmm... Ummm.. Stop shame shaming me!
*NEVER TRUST AN ELF!*
    And never, ever, cut a deal with a dragon.
I too am always an elf stealth archer.  Isn't it the best character?  I like the story lines and the scenery, exploring and finding neat random stuff, collecting flowers and cooking them into potions, and hanging around in taverns people-watching and listening to the nice music.  Sometimes I just like to cook stuff at home and sit on my back deck looking at the scenery.
If I could make any changes, I'd 1)  Make the world even bigger, 2) Give the bards a larger selection of songs and tunes, 3) Have a larger selection of recipes for foods... I wish I could see my character eating and drinking.

I escape my own reality by spending time in this beautiful world.  Sometimes I return to areas I've already cleared just to see it again.

The Dwemer civilization ruins fascinates me.  I don't derive pleasure from killing enemies but sometimes I'd like to backhand some of those bratty kids.

I cried when Alvor died (Okay, not like bawling my eyes out more like a lump in my throat and angry) and I couldn't save him no matter how many times I replayed that section.  Is there any way to save Alvor?  Also, I spend a lot of time with the old lady that lives in the little shack in the woods.  
Edit:  She reminds me of my mom, how she cleans and gardens and sits in her rocker.  One time I got curious as to what she had in the basement and she turned on me.  I felt guilty about it.


~~Why do people hate stealth archers?~~ I see.
    the mod run for your lives makes townspeople go inside when dragons or vampires attack.   otherwise on a long play thru, you end up with all the non essentials dead, and it's like a ghost town.  Keeping your vendors alive and wealthy (there's a mod for that too) is important! Because I use Skyrim Unbound as my alternate start mod, I can play for a very very long time before visiting the greybeards. I usually abandon the main quest after getting the horn from Delphine. I rarely bother with the civil war and when I do, just to korvanjund; who really needs Hjerim??!  Companions?  Only to dustman's cairn to get another fire breath word.
    Pretty sure the old lady you’re talking about is actually a witch.
        Yes, she is a witch, but 

One time I was walking around in the woods near her house and I was attacked by bandits.  She ran over and killed them and then went back and sat in her rocking chair.  She's really just a sweet old lady that loses her shit when she's robbed or someone attacks her guests.
    Most wholesome. 

Bards do need a bigger repertoire and a few of the kids I am ashamed to say are now orphans due to their smart mouths.
I tried to make a no nonsense, no stealth, Breton sword and shield build, and 10 hours later I was a stealth archer thieves guild master
    I hear you, I truly hear you. Lol.
Thanks! :D
Yes. 30x. 15x from the stealth skill tree, (which has previously given you 3x damage) combined with the Dark Brotherhood gloves which double your backstab damage.
    60x with an orc if you use berserker rage.
        Oh my god, I'd totally missed that. After almost 10 years I can't believe I hadn't noticed. Thank you.
It's not borderline OP it is completely OP. It doesn't help that Skyrim makes it so easy to level up a skill. On top of all that they weigh nothing so you can carry infinite arrows. If you use a bow at all, you will in short order be unstoppable with it. I don't find it satisfying at all because it is so boring. I impose a limit on arrows when I play.
Yeah I usually play on Adept/Expert but if I choose to go archer I bump it up to Expert/Master and it still feels easier.
    Yeah, absurdly easy despite the focus of how unfair it is
Could also use the Ebony Mail you get from doing the Boethia's Calling quest
Learning the fortify resto loop was the most fun I’ve had in video games in awhile.
And, at least the way I play, it's superior because I just want to look at stuff. 

Skyrim has always been a "chill, walk around, and look at all the stuff" game for me. That's the primary game. The mini-game within the game is using bandits as a shooting gallery.
I've only played a bit of Skyrim but I really like that you don't get experience for killing things. It feels like it really opens up possibilities for playing less violently
    Yep. You can get to a pretty high level completely without combat by just going city to city as a pickpocket. Building capital from being a thief let’s you expand into crafting and trading which levels you up even more.
We were here praising a game because it gave someone the opportunity to enjoy and have fun.

You didn't say anything derogatory, or patronizing. You gave your opinion, which is not wrong at all, and added to the conversation.

This is how threads should go. There is no ME vs YOU, 

In the end, Skyrim is great because its a fun game that brings joy like... 10 years later!
It’s weird because Sekiro isn’t even my first Fromsoft game. I have platinums for Dark Souls Remastered & Bloodborne... DS3 kicks my ass though. It took me forever to beat it and I still haven’t even defeated Nameless King
    Holy shit, u might be the first guy I know who find ds3 tough after ds1, bro u r like the shiny perfect IV Pokemon.⊙﹏⊙

Ooh and ya, as for bosses, I do agree ds3 is a level above the cut. No doubt there, I think it's just more polished, keep at peace my man. I was meaning the whole game, ds1 no fast travel till end game, ds2...... It's ds2, getting though ds3 is preety easy in comparison, or that atleast what I feel.
Never again. Damn near cracked my screen when I used to rage quit. Speaking of Dark Souls, can you get Yhorm's great machete?
Svens just as bad and without the use!
    Can't fucking stand Sven either.
[deleted]
The bad people make the good people better
    That's a wonderful way to look at the real world too.
        Although when I become thane I always kill nazeem.
            Some people are just irredeemable lol
None of them are as bad as Maven who is always essential unfortunately.
    I didn't kill any unique NPCs that's not an enemy. Not even Nazeem. But when I met that piece of absolute garbage that is Maven. I immediately went and installed a mod just to kill her. 

Then that's where the fun begins, soul trap her for eternity, sacrifice her to a Daedric Prince, your options are endless.
the times I tried to kill Braith only to repeatedly remind myself she's essential = unkillable..

Nazeem is 1st dead in whiterun, 2nd is Heimskr.

.. then I discovered mods and killmove fucked Braith real good.
or resurrect them, hit them with recycle actor and move them out of the dead body cell if they end up there after a few days.

Edit: This doesnt work for everyone and can be quite buggy
Only happened with Faendal for me. When he died, the letter dude ran up to me to hand me his posessions - about 100 gold and his house key. Hadn't had this happen with any other npc yet but my companions tend to have a long and safe life si ce I prefer traveling alone
Well, you can loot Faendals key off his body and If they're your follower, you can use their bed. Be careful, though, as not every storage container ist safe. In Faendals house it's only the chest under the table with the bow on it.

Also anything expensive you put in there will be marked as stealing, but since nobody is gonna see you do it, it doesn't really matter.
I haven’t gotten a chance to play those yet, but I’m sure I will at some point.  

And yeah, you’re right that Skyrim and the rest of TES is a more relaxing and casual experience.  They probably shouldn’t be making it as hard as the fromsoft games.  I do think a reasonable request for the next entry is that difficulty selections include more than just enemy damage/player health sliders.
    Now that I do agree with, although the difficulty slider fixes the broken leveling of Oblivion, I actually want difficulty to be difficulty. Increase enemy count, give them more attacks, make them smarter
Yea, coming to a sub of a game just to criticize it and say you can't like it is extremely condescending and stupid
Looks like it is called Skyrim Book Club
    Nice! Thank you so much!
Please lmk if you crack that
Wow.... and here I am starting on a newly modded setup (moreso now... Wabbajack is like crack) every 6 months before real life gets in the way at around level 20 and I end up being a pleb in back in Riverwood/Falkreath again six months later.
    I'm more like you, any time I've left a save alone for more than a couple of weeks I start over.
        I have 3 SSE wabbajack sets and one LE version installed even now, and I am still not sure which one is "right" but I get them all mixed up and can't remember what I am doing. Time to start again at that campsite outside the Helgen cave.
    ive dropped 300+ hours into the game on 360. def didint want to start over lol
That is really interesting actually. However, there are games specifically geared towards low skill/exploration, "walking simulators", stuff like Journey, things that seem to fit that need more. Like I wouldn't expect a casual gamer to enjoy Dark Souls or Arma or 4x games because they're not really meant for that audience. So in the flow chart, a low skill player would have anxiety playing something challenging, applying it here, a low "stress" player would Have anxiety playing a high "stress" game. So a low skill player generally avoids challenging games, I guess I'm curious why a low stress player wouldn't play low stress games. Is the exploration of Skyrim vs those other games just that big of a quality gap that someone would be willing to brave the stress? Of course I'm not trying to say you shouldn't play whatever game you want but I personally don't play something outside of my preferences even if it is really good.
    It'd not necessarily skill level (I once even beat a Korean in StarCraft at university), grew up with GoldenEye, even beat BioShock Infinite on normal without dying once, etc. But what I eventually learned is I just don't *enjoy* that challenge; it's more stress than enjoyment. I guess my fulfillment comes from parenting and my job. Yeah, that's the word, it's not fulfilling like it once was
    When you're already stressed, more stress is the last thing you need.

Stress is not the same thing as obstacles. Walking simulators remove obstacles.

Skyrim on easy = lots of obstacles with low stress. When you're stressed in life with obstacles already, succeeding at some without stress isn't boring, it stands in as the artificial resolution of what was left unfinished in life. The illusions breaks the next morning but the relief is rejuvenating.
Shadowmere is free (in terms of gold) and respawns if it dies!
    It takes a while to get to and the actual act of finding it can be annoying with how difficult navigation is in the Soul Cairn, but the horse you can get in the Dawnguard DLC, Arvak, is another free horse that is incredible to have, given you can summon him at any outdoor area.
        You're thinking of the skeleton horse I forget his name but Shadowmere is from dark brotherhood, nvm reread it I misunderstood
Go outside and get exercise if video game anxiety is too much on the ticker. Cliche advice I know.
    That's a good reminder, thank you.
        Lol sorry. I also enjoy sitting on my ass and playing games with no thought to external concerns.
STOP ELF SHAMING ME!
    😂 😂 😂

Didn't mean to elf shame you. 

But you do know that Skyrim belongs to the Nords, right? 😉
        That's what the elves want you to think.
            Holdup... I... Umm...

Que?
                Eso es lo que los elfos quieren que pienses. ¿Acaso no escuchas?
        Which is why my dark elf fights for the empire, cause Ulfric is a dick to my people.
    You just said you have no shame so what do you care?
        I was referring to stealth archer. Ermmm... Ummm.. Stop shame shaming me!
And never, ever, cut a deal with a dragon.
the mod run for your lives makes townspeople go inside when dragons or vampires attack.   otherwise on a long play thru, you end up with all the non essentials dead, and it's like a ghost town.  Keeping your vendors alive and wealthy (there's a mod for that too) is important! Because I use Skyrim Unbound as my alternate start mod, I can play for a very very long time before visiting the greybeards. I usually abandon the main quest after getting the horn from Delphine. I rarely bother with the civil war and when I do, just to korvanjund; who really needs Hjerim??!  Companions?  Only to dustman's cairn to get another fire breath word.
Pretty sure the old lady you’re talking about is actually a witch.
    Yes, she is a witch, but 

One time I was walking around in the woods near her house and I was attacked by bandits.  She ran over and killed them and then went back and sat in her rocking chair.  She's really just a sweet old lady that loses her shit when she's robbed or someone attacks her guests.
Most wholesome. 

Bards do need a bigger repertoire and a few of the kids I am ashamed to say are now orphans due to their smart mouths.
I hear you, I truly hear you. Lol.
60x with an orc if you use berserker rage.
    Oh my god, I'd totally missed that. After almost 10 years I can't believe I hadn't noticed. Thank you.
Yeah, absurdly easy despite the focus of how unfair it is
Yep. You can get to a pretty high level completely without combat by just going city to city as a pickpocket. Building capital from being a thief let’s you expand into crafting and trading which levels you up even more.
Holy shit, u might be the first guy I know who find ds3 tough after ds1, bro u r like the shiny perfect IV Pokemon.⊙﹏⊙

Ooh and ya, as for bosses, I do agree ds3 is a level above the cut. No doubt there, I think it's just more polished, keep at peace my man. I was meaning the whole game, ds1 no fast travel till end game, ds2...... It's ds2, getting though ds3 is preety easy in comparison, or that atleast what I feel.
Can't fucking stand Sven either.
That's a wonderful way to look at the real world too.
    Although when I become thane I always kill nazeem.
        Some people are just irredeemable lol
I didn't kill any unique NPCs that's not an enemy. Not even Nazeem. But when I met that piece of absolute garbage that is Maven. I immediately went and installed a mod just to kill her. 

Then that's where the fun begins, soul trap her for eternity, sacrifice her to a Daedric Prince, your options are endless.
Now that I do agree with, although the difficulty slider fixes the broken leveling of Oblivion, I actually want difficulty to be difficulty. Increase enemy count, give them more attacks, make them smarter
Nice! Thank you so much!
I'm more like you, any time I've left a save alone for more than a couple of weeks I start over.
    I have 3 SSE wabbajack sets and one LE version installed even now, and I am still not sure which one is "right" but I get them all mixed up and can't remember what I am doing. Time to start again at that campsite outside the Helgen cave.
ive dropped 300+ hours into the game on 360. def didint want to start over lol
It'd not necessarily skill level (I once even beat a Korean in StarCraft at university), grew up with GoldenEye, even beat BioShock Infinite on normal without dying once, etc. But what I eventually learned is I just don't *enjoy* that challenge; it's more stress than enjoyment. I guess my fulfillment comes from parenting and my job. Yeah, that's the word, it's not fulfilling like it once was
When you're already stressed, more stress is the last thing you need.

Stress is not the same thing as obstacles. Walking simulators remove obstacles.

Skyrim on easy = lots of obstacles with low stress. When you're stressed in life with obstacles already, succeeding at some without stress isn't boring, it stands in as the artificial resolution of what was left unfinished in life. The illusions breaks the next morning but the relief is rejuvenating.
It takes a while to get to and the actual act of finding it can be annoying with how difficult navigation is in the Soul Cairn, but the horse you can get in the Dawnguard DLC, Arvak, is another free horse that is incredible to have, given you can summon him at any outdoor area.
    You're thinking of the skeleton horse I forget his name but Shadowmere is from dark brotherhood, nvm reread it I misunderstood
That's a good reminder, thank you.
    Lol sorry. I also enjoy sitting on my ass and playing games with no thought to external concerns.
😂 😂 😂

Didn't mean to elf shame you. 

But you do know that Skyrim belongs to the Nords, right? 😉
    That's what the elves want you to think.
        Holdup... I... Umm...

Que?
            Eso es lo que los elfos quieren que pienses. ¿Acaso no escuchas?
    Which is why my dark elf fights for the empire, cause Ulfric is a dick to my people.
You just said you have no shame so what do you care?
    I was referring to stealth archer. Ermmm... Ummm.. Stop shame shaming me!
Yes, she is a witch, but 

One time I was walking around in the woods near her house and I was attacked by bandits.  She ran over and killed them and then went back and sat in her rocking chair.  She's really just a sweet old lady that loses her shit when she's robbed or someone attacks her guests.
Oh my god, I'd totally missed that. After almost 10 years I can't believe I hadn't noticed. Thank you.
Although when I become thane I always kill nazeem.
    Some people are just irredeemable lol
I have 3 SSE wabbajack sets and one LE version installed even now, and I am still not sure which one is "right" but I get them all mixed up and can't remember what I am doing. Time to start again at that campsite outside the Helgen cave.
You're thinking of the skeleton horse I forget his name but Shadowmere is from dark brotherhood, nvm reread it I misunderstood
Lol sorry. I also enjoy sitting on my ass and playing games with no thought to external concerns.
That's what the elves want you to think.
    Holdup... I... Umm...

Que?
        Eso es lo que los elfos quieren que pienses. ¿Acaso no escuchas?
Which is why my dark elf fights for the empire, cause Ulfric is a dick to my people.
I was referring to stealth archer. Ermmm... Ummm.. Stop shame shaming me!
Some people are just irredeemable lol
Holdup... I... Umm...

Que?
    Eso es lo que los elfos quieren que pienses. ¿Acaso no escuchas?
Eso es lo que los elfos quieren que pienses. ¿Acaso no escuchas?
