[[What other Skyrim facts do you know]]





There is a drunk man named Fultheim at Nightgate Inn that is very likely a surviving member of The Blades. If you ask about him the barkeep will say he is there "drinking away a lifetime of bad memories." He carries a Blades Sword and will attack if the Dragonborn is wearing Thalmor Robes.
    Also, the Nord man who is part of the three captives in Astrid's abandoned shack is named Fultheim the Fearless, the only other person in Skyrim to share that name. My guess is he's trying to steal some of the old Blade's glory by taking his name, and was unfortunately mixed up as a Brotherhood contract, hence why he's such a blubbering mess instead of the Fearless man he pretends to be.
        Wonder how you thought of that? You go on YouTube much?
            I like the worldbuilding and lore of games, and I like roleplay kinds of stuff, even just in single player! I'm sure it came up in some lore video as well I heard, I have youtube going in the background while I play, lots of really interesting things to find!
    Huh, I would've thought being a part of the Blades would be a Fultheim job.
        Take this upvote and leave immediately.
        This is by far one of the best things I have read here.
        You feel good about what you did?
    And if Fultheim attacks you, you can get his blades sword (after he dead.)
    He attacked me because I was stealing stormcloak documents heh.
During the opening cutscene, a fellow prisoner says a prayer to Akatosh. Soon thereafter, the executions are halted by the sudden, startling presence of Alduin: son of Akatosh.
    Although isn't the prisoner that says the prayer the horse thief that gets shot by the guards? Akatosh didn't actually help him out a whole lot.
        Akatosh "helped", the thief just got impatient and took things into his own hands, getting himself killed early.
            Or Akatosh did answer, by causing him to feel defiance, getting him shot. Akatosh basically just heard the prayer and knew Alduin would attack because he’s the Divine of Time, and he simply saw the fate of the thief and rewinded time to save him from a fate of being burned alive. Akatosh the divine saved only one person he saw worthy of his intervention.
    This ones amazing
    That one dude summoned Alduin. Akatosh is like “what? You asked for me? I’m busy, lemme send my son” and then apocalypse.
    A similar thing I always liked about the opening, not much of a detail but neat, is that when the priest is saying the blessing she says blessings of the 8 divines, which causes one of the stormcloaks to interrupt her, "for the love of Talos just shut up and let's get this over with." He is the first and only one to be executed, which means if he hadn't pridefully interrupted the blessing he might have lived long enough to escape.
        But he says that BECAUSE she says “8 divines” he interjects to make it clear that he worships Talos, the NINTH divine. He wasn’t concerned with living, he wanted to be a martyr.
            Yes, that's why I mentioned it. It's a great moment because it shows this strange gray area of circumstance where his pride to refuse a blessing that didn't include Talos was what killed him and kept him from fighting on for skyrim and preserving Talos as a divine. Not that he could have known.
Paarthurnax and Mario have the same voice actor. Also if you are a werewolf in the Dawnguard DLC Lord Harkon will have some extra dialogue for you. And if you use Unrelenting Force on the orb in Blackreach it'll summon a dragon.
    It’s-a me, Paarthurnax!
        What is better? To be born good or to overcome your evil nature through great effort? Mama mia.
            What is-a better? To be born-a good-a or to overcome-a  your evil-a nature through-a great-a effort?
                WAWAWAWAwawawa
                Haha I laughed way too hard at this especially reading in Mario's voice. Thank you
        Dont you mean Partysnaccs?
            Parodonthax
    > And if you use Unrelenting Force on the orb in Blackreach it'll summon a dragon.

Which is much stronger than most dragons in the game. Don't do this unless you are very high-level.
        [removed]
            It always gets fucked up by everything else around too lol
            "...just avoid his mouth."

This is advice on the level of "just click on their heads."
            it can very much fly.

the main problem for this poor dragon (stuck underground SOMEHOW) is the giant that roams around the great hall. the giant is somehow stronger.  
I think the Dragon's name was Vulthuryol or something like that...
                It flies around the middle burning it, then lands outside, he will never fly again during the fight so his pretty easy
                Its a Ancient dragon it is stronger than a giant plus the dragon has to fight all the falmer in the main city if did not already clear it is get weakened considerably before you fight it
    Savos Aren/Nazeem has the same voice actor as Torbjörn from Overwatch.
        do you get to the AARDVARK district very often?
        He’s also Speedwagon in Jojo lol
            Do you get to Ogre Street very often?
            The ultimate crossover
        How can a person be so loved but hated at the same time
    Isnt that just where he's like "Yes, I can smell it on you." Referring to your werewolf blood?
        Yup. I wished that there had been more interactivity between NPCs and what abilities/items you had. For example, when you meet Harkon, if you were carrying Dawnbreaker, I would have liked for him to be wary of your intentions given the sword's power and purpose.
            A new hairy paw touches the beacon! (if you were a werewolf)
                I think you mean

#A NEW HAIRY PAW TOUCHES THE BEACON!
                    Meridia is just an unmuted discord channel let's be honest
                        # HAHAH OH WOW YOU LIKE TOUCHING BALLS DRAGONBORN?
            Or if you have the Mace of Molag Bal. I mean townsfolk notice it, but somehow not the guy who made a pact with Molag Bal himself?
    I almost always rushed for WW so when I finally did Dawnguard for the first time I thought it was neat for his dialogue.
        I just go straight for ww so I dont have to deal with rockjoint
    If you're a werewolf, Lord Harkon basically says you smell like a dog
    We need a mod that replaces dragons' expression of "krosis" as "mama mia!"
I never let Margrette get stabbed anymore. I always backstab the Forsworn dude every time.
    Yeah and she always gives you silver emerald amulet for it
        yeah, that why i usually go to markarth really early on.

it's a pretty easy way to get a decent amount of chump change
            I literally leave Whiterun, take the carriage to Dawnstar and loot the secret developer chest.
                It's not a developer chest its the inventory of the khajit caravan that stops there.
                I forgot where it was. But im an alchemist now, and rolling in gold lol.
                    Yo I never played with alchemy before my current run. You literally smash two worthless items together and make like 300% profit.
                        Yup. I buy the entire inventory of every alchemist I meet and trade them a few little pots for it. The homestead houses all have the green house and every planting is either canis root or swamp fungal pod. Smash those together, get 500 gold each. 

I have reset my alchemy 5 times so far lol. The best  pot i have found so far is garlic, nordic barnacle and salmon roe. 2-3k each depending on perks.

 You can catch a jumping salmon in a creek and get roe, but in the watet they have to be killed first. Easiest is stocking the fish pond, and shouting them to death. Or you can shoot them with arrows, that's pretty fun.
                        300% profit isn’t much if they are worthless
                            I play Skyrim, not do maths
                    Behind a rock and bush next to the mine.
    I didn't know you could do that, does it make you a criminal?
        Nope, as long as you get him on the approach.
        Nope, you are treated as defending someone. She even thanks you and rewards you for your efforts, plus reveals some interesting info later if she's alive.
            What info?
                Spoilers: she is an Imperial spy who has been attempting to unearth the forsworn conspiracy so in that so-named quest you can talk to her at a certain stage to advance instead of having to do some sneaking about in a few people's homes. If you have even a primitive sneak level, its not a huge leg up, just adds a bit of color.
                She's an Imperial Spy.
        You can, but you have to be fast. The second you come through the door, dude's already 'hostile' and stalking towards her, so you can kill him immediately without repercussion.
    Wtf I never knew you could stop it!
        I mean you wouldnt until you tried.

People probably speedrun across this part of the game once they see this event once even if it can be stopped.
            Love putting my best arrow in that motherfucker's skull
        You have to wait until he draws his weapon. Once he does that, hit him ince with anything and he'll be focused on you instead of killing her.
It's genuinely annoying to me every time I hear about how Markarth is the safest city in the Reach. Makes me want to grab them and shout "Of course it's the safest city in the Reach. It's the ONLY city in the Reach!"
    Well, to be fair, they *are* technically correct.

The *best kind* of correct.
        D-don’t quote me the regulations! I was co-chair on the committee that voted on the color of the book!

*we kept it grey*
    I won't let this disrespect to the bustling metropolis of Karthwasten stand
    Well, lore-wise there's meant to be more, Markarth's just the largest.
Not sure for how many NPC's it's true for, but if you kill a named NPC their coffin will appear in the local Hall of the Dead. Only found out cause I killed the mage (one that made the spider) in the Markarth Thieves Guold quest.
    I noticed that because I occasionally go on murderous rampages in cities when I'm bored.
    NPCs die on their own, too, so it's good to check the coffins. Quest givers can die: like oops this is where the lexicon was for me.
    There's a mod called Bring Out Your Dead which adds this for (I think) all named NPCs.
I got the official guide book to Skyrim at a used bookstore recently. A lot of the info was redundant, but it did include some neat info on certain quests. 

For example: during the mission to find Esbern, you can fight the Thalmor early by starting a brawl with their human spy in the Ragged Flagon! All these playthroughs and I never noticed him there!
    [removed]
        No, it's another guy. 

In the Thalmor Embassy, when you're above the torture chamber I believe, you'll walk in on a human having a heated discussion with a Thalmor agent.

If you manage to sneak through without killing them, you'll come across that human in the Ragged Flaggon, spying for the Thalmor.
            > If you manage to sneak through without killing them

I... I never ever intended to let them live. Looking forward to do something differently in my 42nd main quest.
                If you play an Altmer character, you can also just wear a Thalmor outfit and they won't bother you.
                    Are you sure? I did that once and the mage in front attacked me. I don't remember how it went inside... that's why I ask.

I *do* remember that they all died as usual, but not if I or they were the attackers.
                        "If the Dragonborn is an Altmer dressed in full Elven Armor the guards will not be hostile, allowing them to get within the range of melee weapons. If they are not dead yet, Rulindil and the guard that had been torturing Etienne will assist with attacking Malborn and the Dragonborn, so they will all have to be killed before escaping into the Reeking Cave through the trapdoor with the key looted from the guards' bodies."

https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Diplomatic_Immunity
                Yeah I only learned this on my latest sneak character lol.
        No, the guy that talks to the interrogator at the Embassy as you sneak in
        Gissur. He’s in Elenwen’s solar speaking with Rulindil, the lead interrogator. Since the books you need are in the office they’re speaking in, you have to hide and wait for Gissur to leave and for Rulindil to go downstairs to the interrogation chambers if you want to find Gissur back in the Flagon. Get the two dossiers on Ulfric and Delphine along with the key and continue the quest as usual.
Near the ruins of Saarthal, there is a mammoth skeleton encased in the ice, pierced by what appears to be dwarven spears

edit: I may be thinking of ballista arrows. It’s been a while but I thought I remembered them being really big
    What are these “spears” you speak of?
        An elegant weapon for a more civilized age.
            Is it possible to learn this weapon?
                Not from a Dwemer.
                    Cause they're dead
        Something they had back in the day. We're in better times now.
            I mean, there are ballista arrows.
                Did anyone ever hit something with a ballista in vanilla skyrim ?
                    I did once after using the throw voice shout.

Edit: I saved the game, fired the ballista, notes where it hit, completely quit the game (ps3), restarted and threw voice to that spot just to see if it worked.
    Aren’t they just Dwarven arrows?
        The massive dwarven arrows from the defensive positions inside their cities. Meaning they used to defend their entrances the same way
[removed]
    There's a sidequest that explores her practices of the Dibellan arts, kinda. Ask the female employee of hers about it.
        She's basically a hooker.
            There's no evidence she sold herself though, it was probably purely seduction. She was practicing "Dibellan arts" so there was likely something ritualistic about it too.
                Hmm, maybe that's why she 'marks' her marks.
                It's implied that some of the patrons that sleep in the bunkhouse pay for their rooms with Haelga.
                Yeah she was a thot not a hooker.
            I think she was just the Riften community bicycle. Everyone has had a ride or two.
                As the gods ordained
    The only thing I really took from this is the term "bed fights" which I intend to use going forward.
        mommy and I are just wrestling. Go back to playing with your skeever or whatever, Sofie.
            Sofie turns around and walks away then hears a noise that sounds almost identical to an elbow drop off the top rope.
                (Applause from audience follows)
    Doesn't her bed also have what resembles handcuffs?
        No else seems to have spotted the bed shackles....
            Or the daedric boots
                Which I believe are referenced in the agent's letter she received and is sitting on her desk?
    Leather strips and a horker tusk? 

So bondage and dildo play or the first ever strap on? Holy moley, never knew that!
        A bone strap-on without quality lube? No thank you.
            I'm not too sure about the viscosity of the stamina potions. Quite possibly they were used as stamina enhancing lubricants.
                Slap some sleeping tree sap on that bad boy and go to town
                    WEEEEW
        The skaal have used the horker for all purposes for thousands of years. No way that's the first.
    [deleted]
My favorite bit of Skyrim trivia is Borkul the Beast in Cidhna mine who is in jail for murder, banditry, assault, theft, and... lollygagging. A nice little callback to the "no lollygagging" line from guards.
    Lollygagging? I’m feeling much safer now knowing someone who could do such a thing is finally behind bars.
        He lollygagged around temple of Dibella. That was creepy.
            At least it wasn’t the orphanage in Riften...
                That's *loli*-gagging.

*Edit: Two days later and this gets gold. Thanks, kind stranger. And still...wow. lol*
                    Oh no.
                        Oh *yes*.
                    Guards! This one right here!
                    You’re going to hell
            That *monster*

Who *lollygags around a* **temple**!?!?? Only the worst monsters.
                Temple of Dibella Dude. only the most cultured lollygag there.
                    Do you lollygag around the Temple of Dibella very often? Oh, what am I saying, of course you don't.
                        If I had septim for every case of chlamydia I've cured since I've opened this shop, I would be a rich woman indeed.
    “What’re you in for?”

“MAAAAAANSLAUGHTER! I slaughtered a man! Put an apple in his mouth and stuck him like a pig!! ...what’re you in for?”

“Loitering.”
This is more of a gameplay detail and not so much worldbuilding / lore, but I still like it; Arrows react properly to where they're shot. They'll bounce off of hard things, like metal pots or stone, and stick in softer things, like cheese wheels, wood or flesh.
    Fun fact, you can also grab them out of the air if you use Slow Time with someone shooting at you.

Additionally, arrows that you are shot with are added to your inventory, implying the Dragonborn just yanks them out and thinks to themselves “well, can’t let these go to waste...” 

The same goes for enemies that you shoot, and as NPCs A: are coded to have infinite ammo reserves and B: use the highest damage arrows in their inventory by default, if you shoot, say, an ebony arrow into a bandit using iron arrows, they’ll suddenly start shooting a bottomless quiver of ebony arrows at you, despite only having 1 in their inventory.
        >if you shoot, say, an ebony arrow into a bandit using iron arrows, they’ll suddenly start shooting a bottomless quiver of ebony arrows at you, despite only having 1 in their inventory. 

I have died this way before, multiple times. Sometimes the NPC picks up the arrows and adds them to their inventory, and sometimes they don't.
        Interesting, so in theory if you shoot an ebony arrow into a bandit and you could then collect an infinite amount of ebony arrows from him shooting at you?
            I find it’s easier and less risky to reverse-pickpocket arrows onto the Solitude guards shooting at the archery range outside Castle Dour.
                I will admit to having used followers merely as arrow farms
[deleted]
    They also have potions of health and regeneration in their personal quarters and bed chambers, implying they get freaky a *lot*.
        How else are they gonna combat their low birth rate?
            I'd recommend they stop being complete assholes that everyone else wants to murder.
                Yeah, but a fuckton of sex sounds way more fun.
                    True. But alas, the Thalmor don't realize they're not mutually exclusive...
                        Unfortunately, misery of other races is the only thing that can set the mood right.
                    ...until the Thalmor accidentally murder-fuck Slaanesh into existence.
    Plus- torturing is tiring work
        Hol up, just gonna sip some of my Monster energy drink. Be right with you.
            Boomer Thalmor

Bottom Text
    TIL Mexican Cartels learned from the Thalmor
    This is what I love about the Scrolls games and Fallout. The tiny stories that are told visually are always more intriguing than the actual story. I’m playing outer worlds now and obsidian does well too
There was literally nothing stopping Ulfric from just reaching up and pulling the gag down.  That always bugged me.  His hands were tied together, but they weren't in any other way restricted.
    True but he was surrounded by Imperial forces and he would've been killed. There are Stormcloak forces in Helgen Keep so he was obviously holding out for a rescue attempt.

The Thalmor present would've done what they could to ensure it was successful too if not actively providing intel to said Stormcloak forces.
        He was being led to an execution. Fear of dying for trying to resist probably wasn’t on his mind
            It isn't about fear of dying, he's the leader of a rebellion... a rescue attempt is pretty much inevitable, he has a better chance if he waits. If Alduin didn't show up it would've been not long until Stormcloaks started coming out of the keep.
                [removed]
                Holy fuck im only just realising all those stormcloaks were there in the keep specifically to rescue ulfric
            It's more about increasing your chances for survival. You don't do it *whenever*. You do it at *the right moment.*
        He was outnumbered, but still nowhere near as outnumbered as when he was in Helgen.  I dunno, I mean ultimately it's a plot device, I just think they could have very easily plugged that plot hole by having him with his hands tied behind his back, instead of the front.  I mean there's a reason police cuff you behind your back.
            I agree, but it seems obvious to me that he was waiting though. Like, during the escape you run to the tower nearby and there's Ulfric and Ralof but then when you get to the keep Ralof shows up alone. It was diversion tactics, Ulfric had likely already escaped by that point.
            So that I don’t pull my gag off and use the power of the Voice?
    I chalk it up to design challenges. If they put hands behind his back they would have to figure out all the animations and I don’t even know if the body models in Skyrim could do that without clipping the shoulders. It was probably easier to do considering it’s like 2 mins of the game. Considering how big the game is I’ll forgive it.
    All he can do is disarm people, basically. He didn't actually shout Komg Torygg apart, be disarmed him with a shout and killed him with a sword.
        Go to Windhelm and slap him around some, he can fus ro dab like a pro.
            No way I'm going to do that! Surely you've heard what he did to the High King! Killed him with his voice, shouted him apart!
                I *heard* that!
        Did he not actually shout the High King apart? I thought he had and unrelenting force in-game was really dumbed down for gameplay reasons.
            I wish Skyrim had Fallouts limb dismemberment system so I could literally explode people with a shout.
                There's a power you get from one of the Black Books that occasionally causes Unrelenting Force to disintegrate enemies.
                    It just turns them into dust tho, I want the bloody mess perk
            You can ask him about it. He tells you that he did Shout at Torygg, but the final blow was done with his sword.
    Just pretend that his hands were bound and the bonds were tied to a belt under his cloak or something.
    I also wanted to add that it was strange that every prison in Skyrim doesn't even try to protect itself from magic users, even though every person has the potential to be a magic user.
        Right? They take away my 1,000 Iron Daggers but leave me with the ability to conjure a Battleaxe and a Wolf.
            Now if only I could summon a lockpick....
 My favorite facts are usually about loot, and this little Easter egg/fun fact in particular is a fond one, perhaps because I found it on my own: just below the waterfall near Anise's cabin is a ledge with a deer skeleton on it; the broken open rib cage contains an emerald where the heart would be.
    I love finding little things like that.
    What does that symbolise/reference?
        In Anise's basement there's a letter that reveals that Anise is a witch, with implications that she is on the cusp of undergoing whatever process turns a witch into a hagraven.

Hagravens are the creatures that create Forsworn Briarhearts. They do this by cutting out the human's heart, and replacing it with a Briar Heart (the alchemy ingredient), and likely some sort of magic spell being cast on it. This process can be seen in-game at Bard's Leap Summit and at Lost Valley Redoubt.

Anise, as a witch who was preparing to change her life forever, was practicing the Hagraven art of replacing a creature's heart.
            I love how if you’re pickpocket/sneak is good enough you can literally pickpocket a briarheart our and it instakills the forsworn briarhearts
                yoink
                Just like the satisfaction in fallout games of reverse-pickpocketing a grenade or land mine into an enemy picket and watching it so crazy damage to them.
                It's one of my favorite things to do.
        I always thought it meant he had eaten it.
            And it went to his heart?
                pulmonary oemeraldema
                Well ya emeralds are full of sat fats and cholesterol
    Probably common knowledge at this point, but in the beginning when you're escaping Helgen, after the bridge collapses behind you, you can go back and drop down. There's a tunnel that leads to a skeleton and a coin purse, and I believe a potion of healing. I only mention it because my husband never knew about it. Also, there's a coin purse under the cabbages in that cart near where the bear is.
    Fallout 3&4 (also Bethesda) had countless little stories, quietly told through the placement of bodies and baubles.
    Not sure if this is common knowledge, but there is I pickaxe at the very top of The Throat of the World. It is enchanted and is named the Notched Pickaxe, which is likely a reference to Notch, creator of Minecraft. Also a lot of malachite and ebony ore up there.
...I thought the Oghma Infinium was more resemblant of the Imperial City from over head...
    They all resemble the same structure for a very good reason. They all resemble the structure of Mundus. The specifics vary depending on who you ask.
        I wanna say I remember people saying the College was *mostly* untouched during the Great Collapse, leading to the suspicion and distrust shown by the population of Winterhold. Though the only damage I can think of is on the bridge.
            If your at the Tomb of Ysgramor and look at the College, you can see the place was practically *SLIDING* into the see.

Probably thanks to the mages it's still there
            The only damage to the college was it's connection to the outside world. Both litterally amd figuratively.
            [deleted]
                Hmm. I wanna say the collapse happened 80 years ago. 

Making half a city disappear seems like a huge glitch waiting to happen.
                    Would’ve made that storyline so much cooler though
    I support both of these
    Wait yeah it's almost exactly identical to the Imperial City's layout....
    imo, it's a bunch of circles, so obviously any other circle-based structure may resemble it.
        These circles are positioned identically to the parts of the imperial city. The big one is the main part of the city, smaller one to the bottom right is the arcane college, and the on to the top right is the prison.
    I'd say the Oghma Infinium is older than Imperial City...
        The Imperial City was designed by the Ayleids to essentially be a map of the universe with White Gold Tower and thus the Ayleids in the center.

The diagram we see in the infinium is a diagram of the Aurbis, so its drawing from the same source as the Imperial City, but not the Imperial City itself.
        Of course. Imperial City was built by Daedra worshipping Ayleids though.
the silver hand were not fleshed out enough
    I always thought that it was strange how they were hostile to the player regardless of whether or not they’re a werewolf. They’re just bandits with silver weapons and potions really
        I wish there was a way to join them and clear out the damn companions
    These guys and the vigilants of Stendarr should have been playable guilds.
        Yeah, that would have made for an incredibly interesting plotline. Skyrim as a whole has the potential for a lot more plot
        Dawnguard is kind of a splinter faction of the Vigilants
            I wouldn't even say kind of. Isran is literally an ex-Vigilant that got fed up at the whole not killing enough vampires part, so he created the Dawnguard to kill more vampires.
    There's definitely some potential for lore there. The Silver Hand are basically the opposite of the Vigilants of Stendarr; most of the werewolves you meet in the game are friendly, except the rare random encounter. Almost every vampire you meet outside of Harkon's Court and Redwater Den are hostile. The Silver Hand kill werewolves simply because they see them as an abomination, even though they're not nearly as big of a threat to Skyrim as the vampires are. At least the Vigilants don't like them because they're (usually) worshippers of Hircine.
        they were just bandits with silver. Which showcases that the companions are ludicrous incompetents and I want a fighter's guild.  Get some Perky Merky in that action
        I’m certain the Vigilants thought they were abominations too. If you click the ‘You hunt daedra?’ dialogue option they say ‘And vampires, werewolves, witches, and any other abominations that prey on mortals.’ 

Poor werewolves, they never get a break
    Always found it interesting how they were the only ones who knew about the Circle's condition outside of the Companions themselves.
    Its a real shame when you look at some of the features originally intended for the game that got scrapped as the devs fell behind schedule. For example, its speculated that there was supposed to be a fully fledged "destroy the thieves guild" quest, with Mjoll the Lioness as a pivotal character. Underneath the lake in the thieves guild lair, there is a hidden trapdoor iirc (only accessible by no clipping) which was supposed to serve as a possible escape route for the player during the questline.
Emperor Titus Mede II worshipped Talos in secret. You can tell because he has an Amulet of Talos in his room on the Katariah.
    He wasn’t a bad man.
        I never said he was. He was a decent leader, according to some texts. And have you heard some of the theories about him plotting to have himself assassinated for the empire? He’s a cunning old bag.
            I have not heard these theories. Care to elaborate?
                https://youtu.be/tvDCtFZn40g
        He was an honorable man who requested an honorable deed
            I think less of anyone who honored his request. So unprofessional
        Oh, he was a good guy. He was a great guy. He was a great fuckin guy.
            Glad to hear that he was a good guy though
My favorite is regarding Ulfr the Blind. And I’m not talking about that blank book of his. His name is “Ulfric” without the “I C” because he can’t see.
    [deleted]
        I guess you could say you didn't see that one coming, eh?
            r/skyrimdadjokes would welcome that wit.
            Thanks dad, have an upvote.
    Ulfr is also a norse word for wolf, but I prefer your explanation.
    Yeah but his blank book tho...
        That first time stealing his book. I chortled
    This shit cracked me up when I opened the book. Caught me completely by surprise.
The vampirism outbreak in Skyrim is caused by a completely different disease than the Morrowind and Oblivion outbreaks. In those games the disease that gives you vampirism is known as Porphyric Hemophilia, while in Skyrim it is Sanguinare Vampiris. Functionally the same thing, but it could be the reason why sunlight absolutely kills vampires in Oblivion and Morrowind, but only weakens them in Skyrim.

The Dark Brotherhood character Cicero has a fun nod towards a character from Oblivion. If you read his journals, Cicero makes mention of how he once posed as an adoring fan of the Grand Champion of the Imperial City's Arena in order to get close and kill him, an obvious reference towards the infamous Adoring Fan, who is your fan once you complete the Arena quest and become the Grand Champion. He's basically to Oblivion what Nazeem is to Skyrim in terms of how annoying he is, except the Adoring Fan *respawns* three days after you kill him. The only way to be permanently rid of him is to have him follow you into Oblivion, tell him to wait there, and close the portal behind you.

The Ebony Warrior who shows up once you hit level 80 and challenges you to a duel to the death is very reminiscent of a previous character in the series, Morrowind's Umbra. In that game, Umbra was an Orc warrior using the cursed Daedric sword also called Umbra who wished to die a warrior's death. While Umbra also appears in Oblivion (this time as a female Dunmer), the Morrowind Umbra and the Ebony Warrior share the same motivation of having felt they have accomplished all they could in life as a warrior and want to be slain in battle by a worthy opponent. The Oblivion Umbra likewise wears a suit of ebony armor (though unique in design rather than the Ebony Warrior's use of regular Ebony armor), and uses the same weapon as her Morrowind counterpart, making a loose connection between the three characters.
    >The only way to be permanently rid of him is to have him follow you into Oblivion, tell him to wait there, and close the portal behind you.

Now that is something I hadn't known. I didn't even know he respawned. That's absolutely ridiculous.
        One time, the Adoring Fan followed me into an Oblivion Gate. I paid him no mind, knowing he'd get rekt by something sooner or later. Turns out rather early on, he fell into a lava moat. I closed the Oblivion Gate, and *somehow* that motherfucker came back three days later, so I told him to fuck off.
            It's because he died. If you want him to be gone for good, tell him to wait and leave him in there, making sure he's alive when you close the gate. He can't escape as you closed the access to that area but won't respawn as he didn't die.
            He made a deal with Mehrunes Dagon to torture you for an eternity.
            He... he came back *three* days later? I think I know how he’s so hard to kill for good.
        I prefer [this method](https://youtu.be/gbU_YqGZF5Y).
    [deleted]
    on the first one. there are quite a bit of different type of vampire in the elderscroll and you are right that they are different from the one in oblivion. since the ones in oblivion can't become vampire lords.
        The ones in skyrim can't eutger, only the dlc breed
    Umbra (from Oblivion) is a female Bosmer, a wood elf, not Dunmer. Not trying to be a douche. Minor correction there.
The ebony warrior has a human and daedra heart in his inventory when you kill him.
When you pickpocket him, there are no hearts...
    Can you give an theory or explanation pls?
        The implication is that he had both a daedric and a human heart inside of him. I don’t know much about daedric lore but it’s possible that it could’ve been part of a ritual to make him a stronger warrior.
Most already know of it, but aventus arentino most likely uses his mothers body to perform the black sacrament
    He was in the Orphanage for at least a few weeks before returning to Windhelm. His family were somewhat rich, so his mother's grave was probably reasonably secure. I think it's more likely that he scavenged the body on his travels north, or paid for someone unscrupulous to bring one to him.
        How could he pay ? He rewards you with a damn plate for finishing the quest. I don't think any sane assassin would take a plate for paym...

Oh.
            Doesn't even need to hire an assassin. Just tell a caravan guard that you'll give him silverware if they bring a dead bandit to you.
            Maybe he payed with that because he used the only good he had to pay somebody to get the body?
    I always wondered how a kid got a dead body.
        I mean, if you spend enough time outside you’ll find a dead body.
            Ah, a fellow New Jersey native I see!
        For some reason I just accepted it as normal the moment I first walked in

&#x200B;

I'm so used to seeing dead bodies in games
        It wouldn't be too hard for him. There is a serial killer in town and the guards are too busy to investigate the murders, so if not for his mother he could have gotten a body that way
        Simple : kill them. Their body becomes dead.
            Well duh. But half the country knows about the kid performing the sacrament, the specifics of which is fairly common knowledge. You think someone would've, idk, investigated a potential murder.
\> they believe lycanthropy is a disease.

Because it is a disease lorewise, you just can't catch it from wild werewolves in the game for whatever reason.
    [deleted]
        Morrowind taught me to fear being a vampire as a kid new to RPGs. The punishments for being one were brutal, so I always kept a good stock of cure disease potions around when questing.
            [deleted]
                Full illusion vampire in Skyrim is actually very fun, the biggest annoyance is playing around the day/night, but if you don't mind that you are basically a god lol
                    Put enough points into enchantment and it doesnt matter. I had a vampire destruction mage playthrough on PS3 (so no mods) who wore no armour and had rediculous regenerations rates in the day and essentially unlimited magika in the night.
                    I did a playthrough as the vampire Regis from the Witcher books and had a blast.
    There are mods for everything of course, Lupinus for example.
    you are right the werewolf in the companions guild are a different more controlled version.
The more powerful the dragon, the more exotic and colourful it looks. The one exception to this is Alduin, who is supposedly the most powerful dragon, yet coloured pitch black.

This is the basis for an interesting theory of mine: Alduin is not Alduin. In the Elder Scrolls 'verse, there's this concept known as "mantling", whereby it is possible to impersonate another being to the point where the universe itself stops making the distinction between you two. Tiber Septim became Talos by successfully mantling Lorkhan, the hero-god of mankind, the Hero of Kvatch mantled Sheogorath, and ALMSIVI of Morrowind tried to mantle Boethiah, Azura and Mephala respectively. From this, it is possible to conclude that in the world of the Elder Scrolls, divine power is linked to a divine sphere, and acting within this sphere allows you to use it. If this is true, it is possible that the opposite is also true; divine beings who act outside of their sphere lose their divine power.

Alduin is one of the most powerful beings in the Elder Scrolls. He has to be, after all, he needs to destroy the world so that a new kalpa can begin. Yet, he is not colourful, like the most powerful dragons typically are, and he is honestly kind of a pushover in his own bossfight. I think this is because, during the events of Skyrim, he is acting outside of his sphere. Alduin's sphere is destruction, so when he opts not to destroy the world and instead conquer and rule it, he loses a lot of his power. The reason Alduin appears pitch black, and the reason he can be defeated by the Last Dragonborn, is that he is literally nothing but a shadow of his true self. If this is true, that also implies a terrifying prospect; come time for this kalpa to end, Alduin will return not pitch black, but as a dragon with brilliant iridescent scales, blinding light glittering off his body, and acting within his sphere, he will be unstoppable.
    Is that also why the dragonborn’s “Dragon Aspect” is so colorful?
        Quite possibly.
    That was...beautiful. A work of art.
    I downloaded a mod that made Alduin look much more unique and frightening. I can't remember the name, but it was worth it.
    >The more powerful the dragon, the more exotic and colourful it looks. The one exception to this is Alduin, who is supposedly the most powerful dragon, yet coloured pitch gray. 
>

FIFY
        XD fair enough, but NPC dialogue strongly implies that he is supposed to be black as night.
So there's a court mage in solitude that also happens to be a vampire but somehow no one notices even though it's pretty obvious. Anyway, she has a normal sleep/awake cycle BEFORE you defeat the wolf queen (Which is also a quest offered at the Solitude throne room), but once the wolf queen is actually defeated, she goes into a permanent sleep. If I recall correctly, you can still wake her up and buy spells, but it's just weird she sleeps forever after wolf queen is killed, which could mean she's linked somehow. 

Also, and this is more of an exploit, if you kill the wolf queen using the Wabbajack (Instant death, Very small chance, may have to reload several times) and very quickly access the wolf queen's inventory upon death you can get a normally unobtainable fancy regalia (The same kind the Jarl of Solitude wears).
I'd say Jurgen was the calm before Talos **Storm**crown not Ulfric stormcloak.
    Yeah, Jurgen was aaaages before Ulfric.
    Ugh.  I guess I misread that in the game and have always thought of him as "Jurgen the CLAM"
        Ah yes, the clam before the storm
            Happy as a clam before the storm
    Not even that. Jurgen was at Red Mountain, which was in the First Era, 1E668. 

The First Era was roughly 3k years, the Second 1k, the Third 453. So Jurgen was about 3,500 years before Talos and about 4k before Ulfric.
Most people probably know this already but Forsworn Briarheart has "Briarheart" on their inventory that you can pickpocket and instantly kill them.

I'm so dumb I didn't realized this after several playthrough.
    You can also receive an inheritance from them this way.

Edit: ok I get it. You stole their heart.
        Cast a calming/pacify spell on them first, which raises their disposition toward you by 1 temporarily, that pretty much guarantees it.
            "Hey, I only know you from ten seconds, and usually I would kill you on sight but nah, I don't know why, not this time. Anyway let me just put you on my inheritance before you do anything with that nice dagger of yours."
                "Hey, I just met you, and this cra-zy..."
                    "...but here's my 'nheritance.
So stab me, maybe?"
                        wow, the only thing that screams 2011 louder than skyrim
        I remember getting a hired mercenary from windhelm for the boethia quest where you have to sacrifice a follower. Well I did the deed and ended up getting an inheritance from him because I guess the game considered it falling in the line of duty lol. So I ended up making a 300 gold profit from paying this guy to merc and then stabbing him on a cliff
    That doesnt make you dumb. Who would ever dare to try and pickpocket the most powerful soldier in Forsworn ranks? Only, well, pickpocketers.
    The first time I looted one and saw the sewn chest cavity open I was reminded of a quest in Oblivion involving being able to pickpocket a lich's phylactery, so I tried pickpocketing it the next time and sure enough...
Uh.  Excuse yoU,  I did not steal the falmer's eyes.  That was mercer.  Yea I have it but Mercer took it first
    I just haven't put it back yet
        I'm just holding on to the skeleton key, y'know, so it doesn't get lost.
The symbols on the door leading into the room Karliah shoots you in the Thieves Guild questline are two birds and a snake: two nightingales and a traitor
The innocent woman in Markarth is an Imperial spy if memory serves correct.
    This is correct, I believe she's investigating the Forsworn problem in the area, hence why she was attacked by one of their agents.
        She was trying to steal the deed of the Cidhna Mine under General Tullius orders
            Yeah, it was something like this. IIRC she was after the Silver-Blood fortune (the Mine, the Treasury House, etc) and was there to bribe them, and if that failed, to steal the deed for the Empire. Definitely wasn't "innocent" at all.
        No, I dont think she was looking into the Forsworn problem. She was there on Imperial business, if I remember, she was looking into the Silver-bloods actually, since they truly rule Markarth, like the Black-briars in Riften.

She was looking at jewelry to buy for her sister or someone back in Cyrodil if I remember right.
If you do some missions of the Dlc of dragonborn like half or so and you come back to Skyrim and kill a dragon Mirak would steal the dragon s soul
    He steals them from you when you stay on Solstheim too, and keeps doing it until you defeat him.
        do you get the stolen souls back when you defeat him?
    This happened to me the first time i played dragonborn... after that I avoided the dlc like the plague until I was ready to do it all in one go
With the Dragonborn DLC, if you're a werewolf, the pack of werewolves on Solstheim will be friendly and sell you some perk-granting items
    Weren't they werebears?
        they *were*
        There are werebears roaming the island, but there's a cave of werewolves in human form
Hey guys! Not sure if editing a post is possible since I'm pretty new to posting (outside of askreddit, at least) but I wanted to say sorry for not adding credits! Forgot about basic socmed etiquette. Anyway, this came from the fb page Skyrim Guard so please give them some love. Sorry again!
-In the Dawnguard DLC you can sometimes retrieve Exploding Fire Crossbow bolts after they explode.  

-You can take a large iron pot (frequently found in Inns) and stick it over NPCs heads.  

-Aiming Fus-Ro-Dah at a character’s feet can launch them upwards instead of just backwards.

-Dungeon floor traps can be triggered with a fired crossbow bolt or arrows.

-With a high enough smithing level (and perks) you can restore ancient nord weapons, and there is a full set of loot-able draugr armor in a cave to the southeast (around riften)

-you can salvage Dwemer items like decorative stunts and cogs, take them to a smelter and make dwarves metal ingots (instead of buying them).
    More info on the restoring ancient nord weapons and armor?
You can find the diadem of the savant on a tree branch near froky's house
    Maybe that got fixed in the unofficial patch, but for me that circlet is always some variant of a fortify archery circlet, and the only way to get the diadem is to complete Shalidor's maze and defeat the dremora wearing the tiara.
        I play the ps3 version and its always the diadem of the savant, its really weird, I tried to post a video about that but I  couldn't
            >I play the ps3 version

I'm so sorry.
The puzzles in crypts are so easy because they aren't meant to keep you out, they're meant to keep the draugr in.
I always forget where it is, but inside one of the bandit forts in the game there is a little area with toilets, buckets with stone walls seperating them. On one of the walls there is a copy of the lusty argonian maid and a stamina potion.
    I always enjoy finding the little "privy's" in the bandit camps and towers, especially when there's a health potion sitting there. Someone had a bad day.
    You can sometimes find marksman potions in these toilets too.
        Someone is having trouble aiming.
            I like to think it's a passive aggressive gesture from other bandits.
    There's one somewhere with a healing potion next to the bucket....
The wrecked boat at the bottom of lake Illanalta (near Riverwood) is thousands of years old
    and it is covered in nordic barnacle. very helpful if you have Hearthfire DLC and want to grind alchemy by mixing with salmon roe to make high-dollar, high-effect waterbreathing. Levels alchemy very quickly.
        Grab some hanging moss and blue mountain flower instead of roe for even faster leveling.

Also if you want a challenge level up crafting before combat.
I don't know if it's a fact, but outside of winterhold, there's 2 skeletons, with 1 stuck in a bear trap and the other sitting next to him. Everyone always thinks it's sweet, but... it's close enough to winterhold that the guy could've gone for help. If you look in the apothecary satchel next to them, you'll see a copy of mannimarco king of worms in it. Guy in the bear trap was a necromancer, and his summon watched him die.
Ooh, I have one! Sometimes, when you open a chest, you find an object called Meridia's...

#A NEW HAND TOUCHES THE BEACON
Here's a fact: The fastest character in the game is the high elf,while the slowest is the wood elf. This is because of difference in height. In skyrim,the bigger a character is,the faster he is. It's barely noticable though.
    Yup. That’s why speedrunners always play high elves!
    IIRC its a lot of Bethesda games
    This is a myth, the height scaling only applies to non-humanoid actors.

The difference in height between the playable races is purely aesthetic and taller races just have bigger textures. All player characters move at the same speeds.

If you want to mess around with height scaling you can download a character editor mods and change it there.
Don't know if this is a fact or not but Lokir and Lund were a thing and when Lokir died, Lund killed himself. There is even a little grave outside his house with a ring and flowers
    But if the spectral assassin is summoned in Lund’s hut, he says “I smell murder in the air”
        Lokir is a coward. Could he have murdered Lund as a crime of passion for some reason, then fled the scene, got caught, and to the wagons he went?
            Ooo I've never heard that, but it would make sense
Late, but I’ll add it: the dragon stone of Bleakfalls Barrow generates ~~Nilsene’s~~ *Delphine's map in Riverwood. That map has arrows showing the order that Alduin will raise dragons from the dead. You can follow it and kill all of the dragons raised from barrows.
    You can also watch Alduin raise them. There's that one just outside Mzark that gets raised right when you leave, I killed him before he could take off for the first time in thousands of years.

Must've sucked to be him.
        Yup! That was always the fun. I remember the first time seeing the black/purple pillar of energy shooting up as Alduin raised a dragon. Always neat to watch.
    Alduin: you again?? Please stop!!
The civil war in Skyrim is the least of the Imperial's concerns. They're planning to go to war with the Thalmor as soon as the civil war is taken care of. General Tulius tells you this in the "Diplomatic Immunity" Quest
    I mean... That's not what he meant. The civil war in skyrim is one of the biggest concerns of the empire, right below the Thalmor themselves. The Thalmor are going to attack the empire after the stormcloaks weaken the empire.
        That's what I meant. I must have gotten my facts wrong with the priorities, but it is within their line of interest to prepare for war with them. This is why I sided with the Empire in the civil war. Or... More like why I'm glad I sided with them, and support them more.
            I fully agree! Besides, a bunch of the stormcloaks are extremely racist. I'm sure that if the stormcloaks took over skyrim, everyone except nords and maybe Bretons would be kicked out.

The dragonborn siding with the empire is the best outcome for everyone.
                Exactly, that's why I sided with the Imperial's initially. People make the argument "well the empire bans freedom of religion!" Well, no they don't because they don't force you to worship their gods, you just can't worship Talos. And on top of that, it's the Thalmor that forced them to ban the worship of Talos in the first place. That's why they outlawed it, because the Thalmor forced them to.
                I have never sided with the Stormcloaks. I like their fight for freedom and I really like their design, but they are just racist idiots. And if that wasnt bad enough, they are also further weakening the Empire, although the Empire is the only faction stopping the Thalmor from total domination.
Kick back and relax as we dive into 8 tiny details that you *probably* didn't know in the elder scrolls 5: Skyrim.

Storting off...
    “Skyrim is a huge game”
        "Even that is a bit of an understatement"
Wuuthrad is just a racist axe
    And that’s why it’s my go to Weapon.
    I just started playing Skyrim as a heavily armored 2 hander so I could get Wuuthrad and do the diplomatic immunity quest with it. Used it for it's purpose, slaughtering elves that definitely deserve it.
If you use healing hands on a drunk npc they may comment on it, talking about how their hangover is gone.
Hermaeus Mora is the 'friend' sending you notes on where to find word walls.  He needs you to be fully armed in your contest with Mirack.  He is the only one who could know if you shouted inside Azura's star.
"Hello Friends, it's Nate here and on this episode I bring you yet another 5 things in Skyrim you probably didn't know"
    "Murdered to death"
    “Skyrim is a [insert synonym for large] game.”
        Lol, absolute love it! I'm still playing the heck out of this game. New challenge I'm going for? Max stats and all perks. Already at level 80, 160 levels to go!!
you can be one man army demo god, but you'll still shit bricks when when out of nowhere a giant frostbite spider ambush you from behind
    I know the frostbite spiders are native to Skyrim, but they're just so unnecessary and unwanted and so very very unnecessary.
        I always take a minute to decide if I actually want to go through with exploring a cave filled with spiders or not.
            Bring a fire spell
            It's the Chaurus that do it for me. On my first playthrough I innocently explored that goddamned abandoned lighthouse in the middle of the map without reading any the stuff inside at like eight. The sound of the Chaurus chittering still sends shivers up my spine. The only video game effect which ever creeped me out more was absolutely everything in the original Silent Hill.
                The Reapers are even worse. THEY FREAKING FLY.
                    I fucking hated that update.
        The ones in Satisfactory are worse. The way they move is so unsettling.
            Spiders in games are unsettling in general. Frostbite, tarantulas, the one in Limbo, acromantulas; they're all just ugh. The only one that gets a free pass is Peter.
I feel like some of these are a bit of a stretch. For one, Lycanthropy pretty much IS a disease in this world. And with Lund's hut, that's one interpretation, but I thought the bowls were bait that he put the poison in to kill the skeevers, but they just killed him instead.
    [deleted]
        Killed himself because there was no crunchberries left, naturally
        I’m not saying it’s true, 

But the argument is that he wasn’t killed by skeevers because they were his pets.

If you go into a house with a corpse and hostile creatures still in it, the other implication would be the pets killed them
    That's how I interpreted Lund's hut as well.
    The college one is ridiculous. They're *circles*.
There’s a dark elf in the soul cairn called jiub (I think you collect something for him) who is actually the guy you see at the start of Morrowind on the boat and it turns out he died in during the battle of kvatch
Every woman who has given birth in Rorikstead is dead. The only woman who is alive is infertile. Fertile women might be sacrificed for the extremely uncommon fertile soil.
[removed]
    Goddamn rorikstead conspiracy, it still hunts me to this day because there are so many evidence but also so many conclusions.
Some draugers wear women’s clothing, but have beards. 

There is a theory that the bugs in the jars contain a secret code that explains how to potentially summon a daedra or bring about the apocalypse. More than likely they’re just a fun Easter egg though. 

If the Stormcloak soldier in the opening scene wouldn’t have cut the priestess’s blessing off, he most likely would have lived, due to Alduin attacking shortly after. 

If you wanna know more fun facts, TheEpicNate on YouTube has some great content! Go check him out.
    I honestly feel like the bugs in a jar one was definitely planned to be an unmarked Easter egg quest that would lead to something like that, but was scrapped last minute. Maybe they'll make a return in the next game?
        Is there a video on youtube?
            Here you go. 
https://youtu.be/Be3pTAO0P18
                17 minute video to say "the code is meaningless, it was an abandoned idea that didn't get removed from the game"

Fucking obnoxious (not you! the video)
    I read something a while back that said the jars with bugs were meant to be part of a quest that never panned out. I’ll link it later if I can find it. 

I think the apocalypse thing would be way cooler though, tbh.

Update: Turns out it was a [video](https://youtu.be/Be3pTAO0P18) on YouTube by Camelworks. I recommend jumping ahead to about 10:10.
        There are pulpit type stands in the world outside certain carins that have the "press E" interaction but make absolutely no reaction.

  


  


  


I wonder if that had anything to do with the jars.
            Might be the ones from the Destruction Mastery quests? You need to be on the quest with the right item in your inventory for them to work.
    It’s been confirmed by one of the devs over at Bethesda that the symbols affiliated with the jar bugs don’t mean anything. They were originally meant for a side quest, but the art team put the symbol in before the quest was cut. They decided to keep the symbols instead of retexturubg the models.
    The youtuber Camelworks tried to figure it out, eventually he gave up and contacted someone at bethesda who said they didn't mean anything
    >If the Stormcloak soldier in the opening scene wouldn’t have cut the priestess’s blessing off, he most likely would have lived, due to Alduin attacking shortly after. 

Whatever, he's probably in Sovngarde anyway.
        Where alduin is preventing anyone from getting to the hall of valor
            Not just preventing, devouring their souls lol
Always disturbed me a lot
    My theory on the bugs in the jar is that they're related to the scrapped quest involving Rune from the Thieves Guild
    Draugr said trans rights
    > TheEpicNate on YouTube has some great content!

That's if you can stand to listen to him forcing his voice an octave lower than normal because he's insecure about it. It's a minor thing I know but I just for whatever reason find it intolerably annoying.
    And if only that horse thief had shown some courage he'd be halfway to Hammerfell by then
'You're stealing the eye of a race gone blind' in which mission do we do that?
    Thieves Guild Questline
        Never done the thieves guild questline before,will do it soon 👍
The jailers in Skyrim do literally nothing to stop you from using your magic, even though magic is widespread far and wide in this world, and enchantments of all kinds exist :)
Implying Ulfric Stormcloak is anything like Jurgen Windcaller  

> How dare you stand where he stood
Magic isn't broken in Skyrim; the "improve them twice as much" portion of the Smithing perks is the real problem. These perks cause physical damage to be so high that most players turn up the difficulty to compensate. The higher difficulty reduces the amount of damage you do, which makes magic damage seem nerfed. Without the tempering boost from those Smithing perks (which can be modded out with TESVEdit), the most powerful attack in the game is the Ignite spell. Best reason to leave the difficulty on Adept.
    I played on the default difficulty my entire first playthrough/character spanning hundreds of hours. Magic in Skyrim sucks mid-late game outside lightning storm, freeze stun loops, and OP enchantment exploits. Which is a shame because using magic is fun, it'd just be more consistently fun if it weren't so unbalanced.
Markarth isn't necessary true it's possible to enter the town (once, through that quest in Whiterun) and fast travel out without ever starting the murder quest. I believe
    You can also kill the would-be murderer before he stabs the lady. She even has extra dialog for the quest if that happens.
        Kind of disappointing dialogue imo. She’s just like “dang Markarth really do be like that sometimes...Thanks here’s a necklace I was supposed to die bye”
    what quest?
So, i'm really late to the party here... BUT my favorite wtf detail about Skyrim is the level 18+ difference in Bleak Falls Barrow.

Basically, if you avoid entering the barrow until you hit level 18 and up, there is a unique spawn of a corpse named Thomas. His body carries a note talking about killing a troll, which now replaces the draugr by the waterfall. 

He died before he could kill the troll, most likely from falling in on the top and hitting things on the way down. The body is on a ledge, and you can shoot it down from there using magic or a bow and arrows.
Aww, pet skeevers!
    [deleted]
    One of my kids in Breezehome has a little skeever pet. Dont know if its a mod though, since I play with tons of them
        It's vanilla. Sometimes they can get a rabbit instead.
            Or a mudcrab.
                Or my axe!
            I got a fox, much smaller than you'd find in the wild.
                WAY TOO LOUD though.

That breathing and those footsteps...
        Not a mod. They can bring home a number of creatures as pets. Mine had a fox.
Correct me if Im wrong, but in lore lycanthropy is also a disease that can be contracted (If I remeber correctly from elder scrools 2 daggerfall that was a thing) so in theory, you could cure lycanthropy with a potion of cure desease.
There's a smoldering burned out shack in the side of a hill with a burned corpse inside. Under that corpse is a scroll of Summon Flame Atronach.
The first Stormcloak to be executed in Helgen interrupts the priestess giving them their last rites right after she says "blessings of the EIGHT divines be upon you" by saying "for the love of TALOS shut up"

As fearless in death..
    As he was in life
Most of the Silver Hand also carry hawk feathers because they will also cure disease.
    They mentioned the ingredients already
Not lore, but Neloth, the Telvanni wizard, is voiced by Dwight Schultz who plays Murdock on The A-Team and Barclay in Star Trek.
    I knew there was a reason I liked the guy, despite him being an asshole.
I learned today that the rocks behind sky forge make an eagle
    And the Companion's Hall is an upside down boat
        It's actually the boat that the first humans used to travel to the continent which Skyrim is on.
        Jorrvaskr is literally the lead ship that Ysgramor and the 500 Companions used to travel to Skyrim.
    And the Underforge is *under* the forge. I felt like a moron when I finally put that together
Well I recently started another playthrough of skyrim, and my number one priority was to find all the stones of barenziah. One of the stones is in the dark brotherhood's hideout, so you have to either join or destroy them. Since I've never done it before I decided to kill Astrid in the abandoned shack. When she died she gasped out "well done". This sort of led me to believe that she ultimately had a brotherhood contract out on her that none of the other assassins wanted to complete. Kind of a stretch, but I found it interesting.
    In my opinion she says "well done" because when you meet her she asks you to kill a person in the room because one of them is a murderer. So if you kill her (who is a murderer and is in the room) you make the right choice.
        Very interesting, best fun fact so far
Nazeem was meant to be part of a quest in which you find out that he's having an affair. The quest got cut but he's still unkillable
    Nazeem is very killable. Dead as fuck in my game in front of breezehome. Arrow to the back of the head while I was invisible then instant fast travel before you get a bounty.
    I never understood why Nazeem seems to be the most hated character when Maven Black-Briar exists. 
Nazeem acts snobby because he owns a fucking farm, the market people dont get provoked by his arrogance and his wife talks shit about hin, he also never visits Dragonreach.

Maven on the other hand... oh boy. Almost made me want to join the Stormcloaks.
        You encounter him first, that’s it. Everyone’s met Nazeem and odds are he’s the first real asshole you meet. Never spoken to anyone in town, just arrived, this dickhead has the audacity to ask if you’ve ever walked up a flight of stairs before and then acts better than you because he has. 

Maven on the other hand doesn’t show up until you’re well into the game. Everyone who’s picked up Skyrim and made it to Whiterun has had a personal run in with Nazeem, Maven doesn’t do anything outwardly dickish until way later. Plus Maven fuckin runs Riften, Nazeem doesn’t actually do shit
Fact: 90% of the books are boring
There is a Nordic ruin UNDER Lake Illinata that I only found when I used a mod that added map markers to minor locations.
Skyrim fact?

Without visiting other places, the Dragonborn only needs to learn six Shouts in order to complete the main quest.

Unrelenting Force (Fus from Bleak Falls Barrow, Ro from The Way of the Voice, Dah after completing The Horn of Jurgen Windcaller)

Whirlwind Sprint (from The Way of the Voice)

Clear Skies (from The Throat of the World)

Fire Breath (from the Word Wall atop the Throat of the World)

Dragonrend (after reading the Elder Scroll atop the Throat of the World)

Call Dragon (to get to Skuldafn to chase Alduin)
Couldnt Ulfric have just.. you know... shouted away the piece of cloth over his mouth?
    It’s gagging him, you can hear him grunt but not speak with it on. That would stop him from enunciating the words of a shout correctly
    When you're gagged next time, you try to pronounce words.
        FUFF RO DAH
            *nuclear explosion*
The vigilants of stendarr that you often see walking around always carry some books about daedra, werewolves or vampires
I always thought the silver hand carry a cure disease in case they ever get infected with the precursor to lycanthrophy
If you shield bash and crouch repeatedly you'll shield bash each time you crouch and un-crouch, regardless of your stamina bar.
When Playing as the stormclocks a watchtower right before the jeral moutains will have a note saying the empire has a legion on skyrims border and the post was overrun.
Make more of these please!
Due to world interaction scripts in Skyrim. If you kill Nazeem's wife,  he will retreat to his bedroom and cry about it the rest of the game.  Try talking to him, he uses a sad emotion at a value of 100 and says  "Now is not a good time. Leave me alone."

Making him sad is probably the best thing to can do to him.
[deleted]
    Well they do have plans for an ES6, though from what I know there's no official release date
        More time has already passed between the release of Skyrim and now then between any other Elder Scrolls games. Disappointing to say the least.
        It’s going to be years from now. No telling really. They said they are focusing on other stuff first.
    I want Bethesda to make a game that incorporates every part of Tamriel.
The Ebony Warrior was possibly a reference to the Redguard god of war Reymon Ebonarm, who wore primarily ebony armour and weaponry. (Interestingly enough, the god was scrapped from existence after daggerfalls)
Lund committed suicide because his wife died
You probably cant have sex with your wife because the child born would have become dragonborn, which makes them the last dragonborn

Edit: I realize this wasn’t smart, thanks to the people who replied for education
    It doesn't work like that
    The Emperors were hereditary Dragonborn due to the blood of Alessia. The Last Dragonborn was born with an actual dragon's soul thanks to Akatosh, and there's no reason to assume it'd be passed down.
    The Dragonblood is a gift of Akatosh. It's not hereditary, or else the PC's father or mother would already have been Dovahkiin, and you being one would have been much less of a big deal.
I forgot the Silver Hands were even a thing. I haven't joined the Companions since my short-lived 2011 Nord character who actually used traditional battle skills. I guess you don't see Silver Hands in game if you don't activate the Companions questline.
    They spawn in the one fort you assualt during Companions quest regardless if you joined the Companions or not.
But Jurgen Windcaller was the founder of the Greybeards, and lived in the first era. How does that make him the calm befote Ulfric? He predates Ulfric by three fucking ages.
I think it's a pretty big stretch to call Ulfric the successor of Jurgen Windcaller.  

JW was a legendary hero who founded the Greybeards literally ages ago and Ulfric is just a jarl who meditated with Arngeir for a while.
Let's ask Nate, he'll know!
We are all criminal scum.
Stealing the eye of a race gone blind. Thats a fucking cool sentence
I’m sure it’s been patched, but in my first play through I got stuck in a centurion fight with Lydia, and she died enough times to become perma dead. Then much much later in the play through I was getting married and when I walked into the church, Lydias corpse was there. Everyone in the church freaked out and left, and I was unable to finish the ceremony. I forget who I was trying to marry but their dialogue changed back to the default dialogue and the quest stayed in my journal.
The Oghma Infinium page is actually the imperial city and not the college. Its pretty much an exact copy of the birds eye view. Including the two towers coming off it
    It’s all representations of mundus
I mean the Snow Elves weren’t always blind
     but you're stealing that eye of a now blind race. except there is that one snow elf in the DLC if my memory is correct
        If you count the vampire technically two snow elves that we know about. And the statue probably depicted a leader or sorts of the race before their blindness.
            In the dlc they also specify that the dwarves bargained for their sight, so it may be a depiction of them before the blindness but it's their first step into becoming 'the betrayed'.
How is Jurgen windcaller ulfric’s forerunner?
Whoever that blind guy is who has a book but the pages are completely blank
    Ulfr, someone said it's the same name as Ulfric but without the I C because he can't see.
Lydia is a stoic housecarl in the streets but a freak in the sheets.

At least that's what it says in the fanfic I ~~wrote~~ read.
[deleted]
My horse can run vertically up a mountain
This is about TES in general. The reason you see the bad gods and not the good ones is because in the lore the good and bad ones are sort of like a yin and yang. One of the things is that the bad ones are more concrete while the good ones are more abstract. That's why they aren't ever shown to have things like artifacts.
I know that Lydia is sworn to carry my burdens.
That all guards used to be an adventurer like us but took an arrow in the knee
Ralof says as your arriving to helgen, "I wonder if Vilod is still making that mead with Juniper Berries mixed in."
If you visit helgen later you can find mead with juniper berries in the now destroyed inn.
As well, the origins of gin can be traced to distilling wine with juniper. Or in this case, mead(honey wine), mixed with juniper
Depending on what the dragonborn does with this bottle of mead may determine if gin ever gets invented in the elder scrolls universe.
Bone to pick with this image (i've seen this before): the symbol in the Oghma Infimium ***doesn't*** resemble the structure of the College of Winterhold, [but it does resemble the structure of another Tamrielic location: the Imperial City.](https://i.imgur.com/Br6ynXC.gif)
Also, the Nord man who is part of the three captives in Astrid's abandoned shack is named Fultheim the Fearless, the only other person in Skyrim to share that name. My guess is he's trying to steal some of the old Blade's glory by taking his name, and was unfortunately mixed up as a Brotherhood contract, hence why he's such a blubbering mess instead of the Fearless man he pretends to be.
    Wonder how you thought of that? You go on YouTube much?
        I like the worldbuilding and lore of games, and I like roleplay kinds of stuff, even just in single player! I'm sure it came up in some lore video as well I heard, I have youtube going in the background while I play, lots of really interesting things to find!
Huh, I would've thought being a part of the Blades would be a Fultheim job.
    Take this upvote and leave immediately.
    This is by far one of the best things I have read here.
    You feel good about what you did?
And if Fultheim attacks you, you can get his blades sword (after he dead.)
He attacked me because I was stealing stormcloak documents heh.
Although isn't the prisoner that says the prayer the horse thief that gets shot by the guards? Akatosh didn't actually help him out a whole lot.
    Akatosh "helped", the thief just got impatient and took things into his own hands, getting himself killed early.
        Or Akatosh did answer, by causing him to feel defiance, getting him shot. Akatosh basically just heard the prayer and knew Alduin would attack because he’s the Divine of Time, and he simply saw the fate of the thief and rewinded time to save him from a fate of being burned alive. Akatosh the divine saved only one person he saw worthy of his intervention.
This ones amazing
That one dude summoned Alduin. Akatosh is like “what? You asked for me? I’m busy, lemme send my son” and then apocalypse.
A similar thing I always liked about the opening, not much of a detail but neat, is that when the priest is saying the blessing she says blessings of the 8 divines, which causes one of the stormcloaks to interrupt her, "for the love of Talos just shut up and let's get this over with." He is the first and only one to be executed, which means if he hadn't pridefully interrupted the blessing he might have lived long enough to escape.
    But he says that BECAUSE she says “8 divines” he interjects to make it clear that he worships Talos, the NINTH divine. He wasn’t concerned with living, he wanted to be a martyr.
        Yes, that's why I mentioned it. It's a great moment because it shows this strange gray area of circumstance where his pride to refuse a blessing that didn't include Talos was what killed him and kept him from fighting on for skyrim and preserving Talos as a divine. Not that he could have known.
It’s-a me, Paarthurnax!
    What is better? To be born good or to overcome your evil nature through great effort? Mama mia.
        What is-a better? To be born-a good-a or to overcome-a  your evil-a nature through-a great-a effort?
            WAWAWAWAwawawa
            Haha I laughed way too hard at this especially reading in Mario's voice. Thank you
    Dont you mean Partysnaccs?
        Parodonthax
> And if you use Unrelenting Force on the orb in Blackreach it'll summon a dragon.

Which is much stronger than most dragons in the game. Don't do this unless you are very high-level.
    [removed]
        It always gets fucked up by everything else around too lol
        "...just avoid his mouth."

This is advice on the level of "just click on their heads."
        it can very much fly.

the main problem for this poor dragon (stuck underground SOMEHOW) is the giant that roams around the great hall. the giant is somehow stronger.  
I think the Dragon's name was Vulthuryol or something like that...
            It flies around the middle burning it, then lands outside, he will never fly again during the fight so his pretty easy
            Its a Ancient dragon it is stronger than a giant plus the dragon has to fight all the falmer in the main city if did not already clear it is get weakened considerably before you fight it
Savos Aren/Nazeem has the same voice actor as Torbjörn from Overwatch.
    do you get to the AARDVARK district very often?
    He’s also Speedwagon in Jojo lol
        Do you get to Ogre Street very often?
        The ultimate crossover
    How can a person be so loved but hated at the same time
Isnt that just where he's like "Yes, I can smell it on you." Referring to your werewolf blood?
    Yup. I wished that there had been more interactivity between NPCs and what abilities/items you had. For example, when you meet Harkon, if you were carrying Dawnbreaker, I would have liked for him to be wary of your intentions given the sword's power and purpose.
        A new hairy paw touches the beacon! (if you were a werewolf)
            I think you mean

#A NEW HAIRY PAW TOUCHES THE BEACON!
                Meridia is just an unmuted discord channel let's be honest
                    # HAHAH OH WOW YOU LIKE TOUCHING BALLS DRAGONBORN?
        Or if you have the Mace of Molag Bal. I mean townsfolk notice it, but somehow not the guy who made a pact with Molag Bal himself?
I almost always rushed for WW so when I finally did Dawnguard for the first time I thought it was neat for his dialogue.
    I just go straight for ww so I dont have to deal with rockjoint
If you're a werewolf, Lord Harkon basically says you smell like a dog
We need a mod that replaces dragons' expression of "krosis" as "mama mia!"
Yeah and she always gives you silver emerald amulet for it
    yeah, that why i usually go to markarth really early on.

it's a pretty easy way to get a decent amount of chump change
        I literally leave Whiterun, take the carriage to Dawnstar and loot the secret developer chest.
            It's not a developer chest its the inventory of the khajit caravan that stops there.
            I forgot where it was. But im an alchemist now, and rolling in gold lol.
                Yo I never played with alchemy before my current run. You literally smash two worthless items together and make like 300% profit.
                    Yup. I buy the entire inventory of every alchemist I meet and trade them a few little pots for it. The homestead houses all have the green house and every planting is either canis root or swamp fungal pod. Smash those together, get 500 gold each. 

I have reset my alchemy 5 times so far lol. The best  pot i have found so far is garlic, nordic barnacle and salmon roe. 2-3k each depending on perks.

 You can catch a jumping salmon in a creek and get roe, but in the watet they have to be killed first. Easiest is stocking the fish pond, and shouting them to death. Or you can shoot them with arrows, that's pretty fun.
                    300% profit isn’t much if they are worthless
                        I play Skyrim, not do maths
                Behind a rock and bush next to the mine.
I didn't know you could do that, does it make you a criminal?
    Nope, as long as you get him on the approach.
    Nope, you are treated as defending someone. She even thanks you and rewards you for your efforts, plus reveals some interesting info later if she's alive.
        What info?
            Spoilers: she is an Imperial spy who has been attempting to unearth the forsworn conspiracy so in that so-named quest you can talk to her at a certain stage to advance instead of having to do some sneaking about in a few people's homes. If you have even a primitive sneak level, its not a huge leg up, just adds a bit of color.
            She's an Imperial Spy.
    You can, but you have to be fast. The second you come through the door, dude's already 'hostile' and stalking towards her, so you can kill him immediately without repercussion.
Wtf I never knew you could stop it!
    I mean you wouldnt until you tried.

People probably speedrun across this part of the game once they see this event once even if it can be stopped.
        Love putting my best arrow in that motherfucker's skull
    You have to wait until he draws his weapon. Once he does that, hit him ince with anything and he'll be focused on you instead of killing her.
Well, to be fair, they *are* technically correct.

The *best kind* of correct.
    D-don’t quote me the regulations! I was co-chair on the committee that voted on the color of the book!

*we kept it grey*
I won't let this disrespect to the bustling metropolis of Karthwasten stand
Well, lore-wise there's meant to be more, Markarth's just the largest.
I noticed that because I occasionally go on murderous rampages in cities when I'm bored.
NPCs die on their own, too, so it's good to check the coffins. Quest givers can die: like oops this is where the lexicon was for me.
There's a mod called Bring Out Your Dead which adds this for (I think) all named NPCs.
[removed]
    No, it's another guy. 

In the Thalmor Embassy, when you're above the torture chamber I believe, you'll walk in on a human having a heated discussion with a Thalmor agent.

If you manage to sneak through without killing them, you'll come across that human in the Ragged Flaggon, spying for the Thalmor.
        > If you manage to sneak through without killing them

I... I never ever intended to let them live. Looking forward to do something differently in my 42nd main quest.
            If you play an Altmer character, you can also just wear a Thalmor outfit and they won't bother you.
                Are you sure? I did that once and the mage in front attacked me. I don't remember how it went inside... that's why I ask.

I *do* remember that they all died as usual, but not if I or they were the attackers.
                    "If the Dragonborn is an Altmer dressed in full Elven Armor the guards will not be hostile, allowing them to get within the range of melee weapons. If they are not dead yet, Rulindil and the guard that had been torturing Etienne will assist with attacking Malborn and the Dragonborn, so they will all have to be killed before escaping into the Reeking Cave through the trapdoor with the key looted from the guards' bodies."

https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Diplomatic_Immunity
            Yeah I only learned this on my latest sneak character lol.
    No, the guy that talks to the interrogator at the Embassy as you sneak in
    Gissur. He’s in Elenwen’s solar speaking with Rulindil, the lead interrogator. Since the books you need are in the office they’re speaking in, you have to hide and wait for Gissur to leave and for Rulindil to go downstairs to the interrogation chambers if you want to find Gissur back in the Flagon. Get the two dossiers on Ulfric and Delphine along with the key and continue the quest as usual.
What are these “spears” you speak of?
    An elegant weapon for a more civilized age.
        Is it possible to learn this weapon?
            Not from a Dwemer.
                Cause they're dead
    Something they had back in the day. We're in better times now.
        I mean, there are ballista arrows.
            Did anyone ever hit something with a ballista in vanilla skyrim ?
                I did once after using the throw voice shout.

Edit: I saved the game, fired the ballista, notes where it hit, completely quit the game (ps3), restarted and threw voice to that spot just to see if it worked.
Aren’t they just Dwarven arrows?
    The massive dwarven arrows from the defensive positions inside their cities. Meaning they used to defend their entrances the same way
There's a sidequest that explores her practices of the Dibellan arts, kinda. Ask the female employee of hers about it.
    She's basically a hooker.
        There's no evidence she sold herself though, it was probably purely seduction. She was practicing "Dibellan arts" so there was likely something ritualistic about it too.
            Hmm, maybe that's why she 'marks' her marks.
            It's implied that some of the patrons that sleep in the bunkhouse pay for their rooms with Haelga.
            Yeah she was a thot not a hooker.
        I think she was just the Riften community bicycle. Everyone has had a ride or two.
            As the gods ordained
The only thing I really took from this is the term "bed fights" which I intend to use going forward.
    mommy and I are just wrestling. Go back to playing with your skeever or whatever, Sofie.
        Sofie turns around and walks away then hears a noise that sounds almost identical to an elbow drop off the top rope.
            (Applause from audience follows)
Doesn't her bed also have what resembles handcuffs?
    No else seems to have spotted the bed shackles....
        Or the daedric boots
            Which I believe are referenced in the agent's letter she received and is sitting on her desk?
Leather strips and a horker tusk? 

So bondage and dildo play or the first ever strap on? Holy moley, never knew that!
    A bone strap-on without quality lube? No thank you.
        I'm not too sure about the viscosity of the stamina potions. Quite possibly they were used as stamina enhancing lubricants.
            Slap some sleeping tree sap on that bad boy and go to town
                WEEEEW
    The skaal have used the horker for all purposes for thousands of years. No way that's the first.
[deleted]
Lollygagging? I’m feeling much safer now knowing someone who could do such a thing is finally behind bars.
    He lollygagged around temple of Dibella. That was creepy.
        At least it wasn’t the orphanage in Riften...
            That's *loli*-gagging.

*Edit: Two days later and this gets gold. Thanks, kind stranger. And still...wow. lol*
                Oh no.
                    Oh *yes*.
                Guards! This one right here!
                You’re going to hell
        That *monster*

Who *lollygags around a* **temple**!?!?? Only the worst monsters.
            Temple of Dibella Dude. only the most cultured lollygag there.
                Do you lollygag around the Temple of Dibella very often? Oh, what am I saying, of course you don't.
                    If I had septim for every case of chlamydia I've cured since I've opened this shop, I would be a rich woman indeed.
“What’re you in for?”

“MAAAAAANSLAUGHTER! I slaughtered a man! Put an apple in his mouth and stuck him like a pig!! ...what’re you in for?”

“Loitering.”
Fun fact, you can also grab them out of the air if you use Slow Time with someone shooting at you.

Additionally, arrows that you are shot with are added to your inventory, implying the Dragonborn just yanks them out and thinks to themselves “well, can’t let these go to waste...” 

The same goes for enemies that you shoot, and as NPCs A: are coded to have infinite ammo reserves and B: use the highest damage arrows in their inventory by default, if you shoot, say, an ebony arrow into a bandit using iron arrows, they’ll suddenly start shooting a bottomless quiver of ebony arrows at you, despite only having 1 in their inventory.
    >if you shoot, say, an ebony arrow into a bandit using iron arrows, they’ll suddenly start shooting a bottomless quiver of ebony arrows at you, despite only having 1 in their inventory. 

I have died this way before, multiple times. Sometimes the NPC picks up the arrows and adds them to their inventory, and sometimes they don't.
    Interesting, so in theory if you shoot an ebony arrow into a bandit and you could then collect an infinite amount of ebony arrows from him shooting at you?
        I find it’s easier and less risky to reverse-pickpocket arrows onto the Solitude guards shooting at the archery range outside Castle Dour.
            I will admit to having used followers merely as arrow farms
They also have potions of health and regeneration in their personal quarters and bed chambers, implying they get freaky a *lot*.
    How else are they gonna combat their low birth rate?
        I'd recommend they stop being complete assholes that everyone else wants to murder.
            Yeah, but a fuckton of sex sounds way more fun.
                True. But alas, the Thalmor don't realize they're not mutually exclusive...
                    Unfortunately, misery of other races is the only thing that can set the mood right.
                ...until the Thalmor accidentally murder-fuck Slaanesh into existence.
Plus- torturing is tiring work
    Hol up, just gonna sip some of my Monster energy drink. Be right with you.
        Boomer Thalmor

Bottom Text
TIL Mexican Cartels learned from the Thalmor
This is what I love about the Scrolls games and Fallout. The tiny stories that are told visually are always more intriguing than the actual story. I’m playing outer worlds now and obsidian does well too
True but he was surrounded by Imperial forces and he would've been killed. There are Stormcloak forces in Helgen Keep so he was obviously holding out for a rescue attempt.

The Thalmor present would've done what they could to ensure it was successful too if not actively providing intel to said Stormcloak forces.
    He was being led to an execution. Fear of dying for trying to resist probably wasn’t on his mind
        It isn't about fear of dying, he's the leader of a rebellion... a rescue attempt is pretty much inevitable, he has a better chance if he waits. If Alduin didn't show up it would've been not long until Stormcloaks started coming out of the keep.
            [removed]
            Holy fuck im only just realising all those stormcloaks were there in the keep specifically to rescue ulfric
        It's more about increasing your chances for survival. You don't do it *whenever*. You do it at *the right moment.*
    He was outnumbered, but still nowhere near as outnumbered as when he was in Helgen.  I dunno, I mean ultimately it's a plot device, I just think they could have very easily plugged that plot hole by having him with his hands tied behind his back, instead of the front.  I mean there's a reason police cuff you behind your back.
        I agree, but it seems obvious to me that he was waiting though. Like, during the escape you run to the tower nearby and there's Ulfric and Ralof but then when you get to the keep Ralof shows up alone. It was diversion tactics, Ulfric had likely already escaped by that point.
        So that I don’t pull my gag off and use the power of the Voice?
I chalk it up to design challenges. If they put hands behind his back they would have to figure out all the animations and I don’t even know if the body models in Skyrim could do that without clipping the shoulders. It was probably easier to do considering it’s like 2 mins of the game. Considering how big the game is I’ll forgive it.
All he can do is disarm people, basically. He didn't actually shout Komg Torygg apart, be disarmed him with a shout and killed him with a sword.
    Go to Windhelm and slap him around some, he can fus ro dab like a pro.
        No way I'm going to do that! Surely you've heard what he did to the High King! Killed him with his voice, shouted him apart!
            I *heard* that!
    Did he not actually shout the High King apart? I thought he had and unrelenting force in-game was really dumbed down for gameplay reasons.
        I wish Skyrim had Fallouts limb dismemberment system so I could literally explode people with a shout.
            There's a power you get from one of the Black Books that occasionally causes Unrelenting Force to disintegrate enemies.
                It just turns them into dust tho, I want the bloody mess perk
        You can ask him about it. He tells you that he did Shout at Torygg, but the final blow was done with his sword.
Just pretend that his hands were bound and the bonds were tied to a belt under his cloak or something.
I also wanted to add that it was strange that every prison in Skyrim doesn't even try to protect itself from magic users, even though every person has the potential to be a magic user.
    Right? They take away my 1,000 Iron Daggers but leave me with the ability to conjure a Battleaxe and a Wolf.
        Now if only I could summon a lockpick....
I love finding little things like that.
What does that symbolise/reference?
    In Anise's basement there's a letter that reveals that Anise is a witch, with implications that she is on the cusp of undergoing whatever process turns a witch into a hagraven.

Hagravens are the creatures that create Forsworn Briarhearts. They do this by cutting out the human's heart, and replacing it with a Briar Heart (the alchemy ingredient), and likely some sort of magic spell being cast on it. This process can be seen in-game at Bard's Leap Summit and at Lost Valley Redoubt.

Anise, as a witch who was preparing to change her life forever, was practicing the Hagraven art of replacing a creature's heart.
        I love how if you’re pickpocket/sneak is good enough you can literally pickpocket a briarheart our and it instakills the forsworn briarhearts
            yoink
            Just like the satisfaction in fallout games of reverse-pickpocketing a grenade or land mine into an enemy picket and watching it so crazy damage to them.
            It's one of my favorite things to do.
    I always thought it meant he had eaten it.
        And it went to his heart?
            pulmonary oemeraldema
            Well ya emeralds are full of sat fats and cholesterol
Probably common knowledge at this point, but in the beginning when you're escaping Helgen, after the bridge collapses behind you, you can go back and drop down. There's a tunnel that leads to a skeleton and a coin purse, and I believe a potion of healing. I only mention it because my husband never knew about it. Also, there's a coin purse under the cabbages in that cart near where the bear is.
Fallout 3&4 (also Bethesda) had countless little stories, quietly told through the placement of bodies and baubles.
Not sure if this is common knowledge, but there is I pickaxe at the very top of The Throat of the World. It is enchanted and is named the Notched Pickaxe, which is likely a reference to Notch, creator of Minecraft. Also a lot of malachite and ebony ore up there.
They all resemble the same structure for a very good reason. They all resemble the structure of Mundus. The specifics vary depending on who you ask.
    I wanna say I remember people saying the College was *mostly* untouched during the Great Collapse, leading to the suspicion and distrust shown by the population of Winterhold. Though the only damage I can think of is on the bridge.
        If your at the Tomb of Ysgramor and look at the College, you can see the place was practically *SLIDING* into the see.

Probably thanks to the mages it's still there
        The only damage to the college was it's connection to the outside world. Both litterally amd figuratively.
        [deleted]
            Hmm. I wanna say the collapse happened 80 years ago. 

Making half a city disappear seems like a huge glitch waiting to happen.
                Would’ve made that storyline so much cooler though
I support both of these
Wait yeah it's almost exactly identical to the Imperial City's layout....
imo, it's a bunch of circles, so obviously any other circle-based structure may resemble it.
    These circles are positioned identically to the parts of the imperial city. The big one is the main part of the city, smaller one to the bottom right is the arcane college, and the on to the top right is the prison.
I'd say the Oghma Infinium is older than Imperial City...
    The Imperial City was designed by the Ayleids to essentially be a map of the universe with White Gold Tower and thus the Ayleids in the center.

The diagram we see in the infinium is a diagram of the Aurbis, so its drawing from the same source as the Imperial City, but not the Imperial City itself.
    Of course. Imperial City was built by Daedra worshipping Ayleids though.
I always thought that it was strange how they were hostile to the player regardless of whether or not they’re a werewolf. They’re just bandits with silver weapons and potions really
    I wish there was a way to join them and clear out the damn companions
These guys and the vigilants of Stendarr should have been playable guilds.
    Yeah, that would have made for an incredibly interesting plotline. Skyrim as a whole has the potential for a lot more plot
    Dawnguard is kind of a splinter faction of the Vigilants
        I wouldn't even say kind of. Isran is literally an ex-Vigilant that got fed up at the whole not killing enough vampires part, so he created the Dawnguard to kill more vampires.
There's definitely some potential for lore there. The Silver Hand are basically the opposite of the Vigilants of Stendarr; most of the werewolves you meet in the game are friendly, except the rare random encounter. Almost every vampire you meet outside of Harkon's Court and Redwater Den are hostile. The Silver Hand kill werewolves simply because they see them as an abomination, even though they're not nearly as big of a threat to Skyrim as the vampires are. At least the Vigilants don't like them because they're (usually) worshippers of Hircine.
    they were just bandits with silver. Which showcases that the companions are ludicrous incompetents and I want a fighter's guild.  Get some Perky Merky in that action
    I’m certain the Vigilants thought they were abominations too. If you click the ‘You hunt daedra?’ dialogue option they say ‘And vampires, werewolves, witches, and any other abominations that prey on mortals.’ 

Poor werewolves, they never get a break
Always found it interesting how they were the only ones who knew about the Circle's condition outside of the Companions themselves.
Its a real shame when you look at some of the features originally intended for the game that got scrapped as the devs fell behind schedule. For example, its speculated that there was supposed to be a fully fledged "destroy the thieves guild" quest, with Mjoll the Lioness as a pivotal character. Underneath the lake in the thieves guild lair, there is a hidden trapdoor iirc (only accessible by no clipping) which was supposed to serve as a possible escape route for the player during the questline.
He wasn’t a bad man.
    I never said he was. He was a decent leader, according to some texts. And have you heard some of the theories about him plotting to have himself assassinated for the empire? He’s a cunning old bag.
        I have not heard these theories. Care to elaborate?
            https://youtu.be/tvDCtFZn40g
    He was an honorable man who requested an honorable deed
        I think less of anyone who honored his request. So unprofessional
    Oh, he was a good guy. He was a great guy. He was a great fuckin guy.
        Glad to hear that he was a good guy though
[deleted]
    I guess you could say you didn't see that one coming, eh?
        r/skyrimdadjokes would welcome that wit.
        Thanks dad, have an upvote.
Ulfr is also a norse word for wolf, but I prefer your explanation.
Yeah but his blank book tho...
    That first time stealing his book. I chortled
This shit cracked me up when I opened the book. Caught me completely by surprise.
>The only way to be permanently rid of him is to have him follow you into Oblivion, tell him to wait there, and close the portal behind you.

Now that is something I hadn't known. I didn't even know he respawned. That's absolutely ridiculous.
    One time, the Adoring Fan followed me into an Oblivion Gate. I paid him no mind, knowing he'd get rekt by something sooner or later. Turns out rather early on, he fell into a lava moat. I closed the Oblivion Gate, and *somehow* that motherfucker came back three days later, so I told him to fuck off.
        It's because he died. If you want him to be gone for good, tell him to wait and leave him in there, making sure he's alive when you close the gate. He can't escape as you closed the access to that area but won't respawn as he didn't die.
        He made a deal with Mehrunes Dagon to torture you for an eternity.
        He... he came back *three* days later? I think I know how he’s so hard to kill for good.
    I prefer [this method](https://youtu.be/gbU_YqGZF5Y).
[deleted]
on the first one. there are quite a bit of different type of vampire in the elderscroll and you are right that they are different from the one in oblivion. since the ones in oblivion can't become vampire lords.
    The ones in skyrim can't eutger, only the dlc breed
Umbra (from Oblivion) is a female Bosmer, a wood elf, not Dunmer. Not trying to be a douche. Minor correction there.
Can you give an theory or explanation pls?
    The implication is that he had both a daedric and a human heart inside of him. I don’t know much about daedric lore but it’s possible that it could’ve been part of a ritual to make him a stronger warrior.
He was in the Orphanage for at least a few weeks before returning to Windhelm. His family were somewhat rich, so his mother's grave was probably reasonably secure. I think it's more likely that he scavenged the body on his travels north, or paid for someone unscrupulous to bring one to him.
    How could he pay ? He rewards you with a damn plate for finishing the quest. I don't think any sane assassin would take a plate for paym...

Oh.
        Doesn't even need to hire an assassin. Just tell a caravan guard that you'll give him silverware if they bring a dead bandit to you.
        Maybe he payed with that because he used the only good he had to pay somebody to get the body?
I always wondered how a kid got a dead body.
    I mean, if you spend enough time outside you’ll find a dead body.
        Ah, a fellow New Jersey native I see!
    For some reason I just accepted it as normal the moment I first walked in

&#x200B;

I'm so used to seeing dead bodies in games
    It wouldn't be too hard for him. There is a serial killer in town and the guards are too busy to investigate the murders, so if not for his mother he could have gotten a body that way
    Simple : kill them. Their body becomes dead.
        Well duh. But half the country knows about the kid performing the sacrament, the specifics of which is fairly common knowledge. You think someone would've, idk, investigated a potential murder.
[deleted]
    Morrowind taught me to fear being a vampire as a kid new to RPGs. The punishments for being one were brutal, so I always kept a good stock of cure disease potions around when questing.
        [deleted]
            Full illusion vampire in Skyrim is actually very fun, the biggest annoyance is playing around the day/night, but if you don't mind that you are basically a god lol
                Put enough points into enchantment and it doesnt matter. I had a vampire destruction mage playthrough on PS3 (so no mods) who wore no armour and had rediculous regenerations rates in the day and essentially unlimited magika in the night.
                I did a playthrough as the vampire Regis from the Witcher books and had a blast.
There are mods for everything of course, Lupinus for example.
you are right the werewolf in the companions guild are a different more controlled version.
Is that also why the dragonborn’s “Dragon Aspect” is so colorful?
    Quite possibly.
That was...beautiful. A work of art.
I downloaded a mod that made Alduin look much more unique and frightening. I can't remember the name, but it was worth it.
>The more powerful the dragon, the more exotic and colourful it looks. The one exception to this is Alduin, who is supposedly the most powerful dragon, yet coloured pitch gray. 
>

FIFY
    XD fair enough, but NPC dialogue strongly implies that he is supposed to be black as night.
Yeah, Jurgen was aaaages before Ulfric.
Ugh.  I guess I misread that in the game and have always thought of him as "Jurgen the CLAM"
    Ah yes, the clam before the storm
        Happy as a clam before the storm
Not even that. Jurgen was at Red Mountain, which was in the First Era, 1E668. 

The First Era was roughly 3k years, the Second 1k, the Third 453. So Jurgen was about 3,500 years before Talos and about 4k before Ulfric.
You can also receive an inheritance from them this way.

Edit: ok I get it. You stole their heart.
    Cast a calming/pacify spell on them first, which raises their disposition toward you by 1 temporarily, that pretty much guarantees it.
        "Hey, I only know you from ten seconds, and usually I would kill you on sight but nah, I don't know why, not this time. Anyway let me just put you on my inheritance before you do anything with that nice dagger of yours."
            "Hey, I just met you, and this cra-zy..."
                "...but here's my 'nheritance.
So stab me, maybe?"
                    wow, the only thing that screams 2011 louder than skyrim
    I remember getting a hired mercenary from windhelm for the boethia quest where you have to sacrifice a follower. Well I did the deed and ended up getting an inheritance from him because I guess the game considered it falling in the line of duty lol. So I ended up making a 300 gold profit from paying this guy to merc and then stabbing him on a cliff
That doesnt make you dumb. Who would ever dare to try and pickpocket the most powerful soldier in Forsworn ranks? Only, well, pickpocketers.
The first time I looted one and saw the sewn chest cavity open I was reminded of a quest in Oblivion involving being able to pickpocket a lich's phylactery, so I tried pickpocketing it the next time and sure enough...
I just haven't put it back yet
    I'm just holding on to the skeleton key, y'know, so it doesn't get lost.
This is correct, I believe she's investigating the Forsworn problem in the area, hence why she was attacked by one of their agents.
    She was trying to steal the deed of the Cidhna Mine under General Tullius orders
        Yeah, it was something like this. IIRC she was after the Silver-Blood fortune (the Mine, the Treasury House, etc) and was there to bribe them, and if that failed, to steal the deed for the Empire. Definitely wasn't "innocent" at all.
    No, I dont think she was looking into the Forsworn problem. She was there on Imperial business, if I remember, she was looking into the Silver-bloods actually, since they truly rule Markarth, like the Black-briars in Riften.

She was looking at jewelry to buy for her sister or someone back in Cyrodil if I remember right.
He steals them from you when you stay on Solstheim too, and keeps doing it until you defeat him.
    do you get the stolen souls back when you defeat him?
This happened to me the first time i played dragonborn... after that I avoided the dlc like the plague until I was ready to do it all in one go
Weren't they werebears?
    they *were*
    There are werebears roaming the island, but there's a cave of werewolves in human form
More info on the restoring ancient nord weapons and armor?
Maybe that got fixed in the unofficial patch, but for me that circlet is always some variant of a fortify archery circlet, and the only way to get the diadem is to complete Shalidor's maze and defeat the dremora wearing the tiara.
    I play the ps3 version and its always the diadem of the savant, its really weird, I tried to post a video about that but I  couldn't
        >I play the ps3 version

I'm so sorry.
I always enjoy finding the little "privy's" in the bandit camps and towers, especially when there's a health potion sitting there. Someone had a bad day.
You can sometimes find marksman potions in these toilets too.
    Someone is having trouble aiming.
        I like to think it's a passive aggressive gesture from other bandits.
There's one somewhere with a healing potion next to the bucket....
and it is covered in nordic barnacle. very helpful if you have Hearthfire DLC and want to grind alchemy by mixing with salmon roe to make high-dollar, high-effect waterbreathing. Levels alchemy very quickly.
    Grab some hanging moss and blue mountain flower instead of roe for even faster leveling.

Also if you want a challenge level up crafting before combat.
Yup. That’s why speedrunners always play high elves!
IIRC its a lot of Bethesda games
This is a myth, the height scaling only applies to non-humanoid actors.

The difference in height between the playable races is purely aesthetic and taller races just have bigger textures. All player characters move at the same speeds.

If you want to mess around with height scaling you can download a character editor mods and change it there.
But if the spectral assassin is summoned in Lund’s hut, he says “I smell murder in the air”
    Lokir is a coward. Could he have murdered Lund as a crime of passion for some reason, then fled the scene, got caught, and to the wagons he went?
        Ooo I've never heard that, but it would make sense
You can also watch Alduin raise them. There's that one just outside Mzark that gets raised right when you leave, I killed him before he could take off for the first time in thousands of years.

Must've sucked to be him.
    Yup! That was always the fun. I remember the first time seeing the black/purple pillar of energy shooting up as Alduin raised a dragon. Always neat to watch.
Alduin: you again?? Please stop!!
I mean... That's not what he meant. The civil war in skyrim is one of the biggest concerns of the empire, right below the Thalmor themselves. The Thalmor are going to attack the empire after the stormcloaks weaken the empire.
    That's what I meant. I must have gotten my facts wrong with the priorities, but it is within their line of interest to prepare for war with them. This is why I sided with the Empire in the civil war. Or... More like why I'm glad I sided with them, and support them more.
        I fully agree! Besides, a bunch of the stormcloaks are extremely racist. I'm sure that if the stormcloaks took over skyrim, everyone except nords and maybe Bretons would be kicked out.

The dragonborn siding with the empire is the best outcome for everyone.
            Exactly, that's why I sided with the Imperial's initially. People make the argument "well the empire bans freedom of religion!" Well, no they don't because they don't force you to worship their gods, you just can't worship Talos. And on top of that, it's the Thalmor that forced them to ban the worship of Talos in the first place. That's why they outlawed it, because the Thalmor forced them to.
            I have never sided with the Stormcloaks. I like their fight for freedom and I really like their design, but they are just racist idiots. And if that wasnt bad enough, they are also further weakening the Empire, although the Empire is the only faction stopping the Thalmor from total domination.
“Skyrim is a huge game”
    "Even that is a bit of an understatement"
And that’s why it’s my go to Weapon.
I just started playing Skyrim as a heavily armored 2 hander so I could get Wuuthrad and do the diplomatic immunity quest with it. Used it for it's purpose, slaughtering elves that definitely deserve it.
"Murdered to death"
“Skyrim is a [insert synonym for large] game.”
    Lol, absolute love it! I'm still playing the heck out of this game. New challenge I'm going for? Max stats and all perks. Already at level 80, 160 levels to go!!
I know the frostbite spiders are native to Skyrim, but they're just so unnecessary and unwanted and so very very unnecessary.
    I always take a minute to decide if I actually want to go through with exploring a cave filled with spiders or not.
        Bring a fire spell
        It's the Chaurus that do it for me. On my first playthrough I innocently explored that goddamned abandoned lighthouse in the middle of the map without reading any the stuff inside at like eight. The sound of the Chaurus chittering still sends shivers up my spine. The only video game effect which ever creeped me out more was absolutely everything in the original Silent Hill.
            The Reapers are even worse. THEY FREAKING FLY.
                I fucking hated that update.
    The ones in Satisfactory are worse. The way they move is so unsettling.
        Spiders in games are unsettling in general. Frostbite, tarantulas, the one in Limbo, acromantulas; they're all just ugh. The only one that gets a free pass is Peter.
[deleted]
    Killed himself because there was no crunchberries left, naturally
    I’m not saying it’s true, 

But the argument is that he wasn’t killed by skeevers because they were his pets.

If you go into a house with a corpse and hostile creatures still in it, the other implication would be the pets killed them
That's how I interpreted Lund's hut as well.
The college one is ridiculous. They're *circles*.
Goddamn rorikstead conspiracy, it still hunts me to this day because there are so many evidence but also so many conclusions.
I honestly feel like the bugs in a jar one was definitely planned to be an unmarked Easter egg quest that would lead to something like that, but was scrapped last minute. Maybe they'll make a return in the next game?
    Is there a video on youtube?
        Here you go. 
https://youtu.be/Be3pTAO0P18
            17 minute video to say "the code is meaningless, it was an abandoned idea that didn't get removed from the game"

Fucking obnoxious (not you! the video)
I read something a while back that said the jars with bugs were meant to be part of a quest that never panned out. I’ll link it later if I can find it. 

I think the apocalypse thing would be way cooler though, tbh.

Update: Turns out it was a [video](https://youtu.be/Be3pTAO0P18) on YouTube by Camelworks. I recommend jumping ahead to about 10:10.
    There are pulpit type stands in the world outside certain carins that have the "press E" interaction but make absolutely no reaction.

  


  


  


I wonder if that had anything to do with the jars.
        Might be the ones from the Destruction Mastery quests? You need to be on the quest with the right item in your inventory for them to work.
It’s been confirmed by one of the devs over at Bethesda that the symbols affiliated with the jar bugs don’t mean anything. They were originally meant for a side quest, but the art team put the symbol in before the quest was cut. They decided to keep the symbols instead of retexturubg the models.
The youtuber Camelworks tried to figure it out, eventually he gave up and contacted someone at bethesda who said they didn't mean anything
>If the Stormcloak soldier in the opening scene wouldn’t have cut the priestess’s blessing off, he most likely would have lived, due to Alduin attacking shortly after. 

Whatever, he's probably in Sovngarde anyway.
    Where alduin is preventing anyone from getting to the hall of valor
        Not just preventing, devouring their souls lol
Always disturbed me a lot
My theory on the bugs in the jar is that they're related to the scrapped quest involving Rune from the Thieves Guild
Draugr said trans rights
> TheEpicNate on YouTube has some great content!

That's if you can stand to listen to him forcing his voice an octave lower than normal because he's insecure about it. It's a minor thing I know but I just for whatever reason find it intolerably annoying.
And if only that horse thief had shown some courage he'd be halfway to Hammerfell by then
Thieves Guild Questline
    Never done the thieves guild questline before,will do it soon 👍
I played on the default difficulty my entire first playthrough/character spanning hundreds of hours. Magic in Skyrim sucks mid-late game outside lightning storm, freeze stun loops, and OP enchantment exploits. Which is a shame because using magic is fun, it'd just be more consistently fun if it weren't so unbalanced.
You can also kill the would-be murderer before he stabs the lady. She even has extra dialog for the quest if that happens.
    Kind of disappointing dialogue imo. She’s just like “dang Markarth really do be like that sometimes...Thanks here’s a necklace I was supposed to die bye”
what quest?
[deleted]
One of my kids in Breezehome has a little skeever pet. Dont know if its a mod though, since I play with tons of them
    It's vanilla. Sometimes they can get a rabbit instead.
        Or a mudcrab.
            Or my axe!
        I got a fox, much smaller than you'd find in the wild.
            WAY TOO LOUD though.

That breathing and those footsteps...
    Not a mod. They can bring home a number of creatures as pets. Mine had a fox.
As he was in life
They mentioned the ingredients already
I knew there was a reason I liked the guy, despite him being an asshole.
And the Companion's Hall is an upside down boat
    It's actually the boat that the first humans used to travel to the continent which Skyrim is on.
    Jorrvaskr is literally the lead ship that Ysgramor and the 500 Companions used to travel to Skyrim.
And the Underforge is *under* the forge. I felt like a moron when I finally put that together
In my opinion she says "well done" because when you meet her she asks you to kill a person in the room because one of them is a murderer. So if you kill her (who is a murderer and is in the room) you make the right choice.
    Very interesting, best fun fact so far
Nazeem is very killable. Dead as fuck in my game in front of breezehome. Arrow to the back of the head while I was invisible then instant fast travel before you get a bounty.
I never understood why Nazeem seems to be the most hated character when Maven Black-Briar exists. 
Nazeem acts snobby because he owns a fucking farm, the market people dont get provoked by his arrogance and his wife talks shit about hin, he also never visits Dragonreach.

Maven on the other hand... oh boy. Almost made me want to join the Stormcloaks.
    You encounter him first, that’s it. Everyone’s met Nazeem and odds are he’s the first real asshole you meet. Never spoken to anyone in town, just arrived, this dickhead has the audacity to ask if you’ve ever walked up a flight of stairs before and then acts better than you because he has. 

Maven on the other hand doesn’t show up until you’re well into the game. Everyone who’s picked up Skyrim and made it to Whiterun has had a personal run in with Nazeem, Maven doesn’t do anything outwardly dickish until way later. Plus Maven fuckin runs Riften, Nazeem doesn’t actually do shit
It’s gagging him, you can hear him grunt but not speak with it on. That would stop him from enunciating the words of a shout correctly
When you're gagged next time, you try to pronounce words.
    FUFF RO DAH
        *nuclear explosion*
Well they do have plans for an ES6, though from what I know there's no official release date
    More time has already passed between the release of Skyrim and now then between any other Elder Scrolls games. Disappointing to say the least.
    It’s going to be years from now. No telling really. They said they are focusing on other stuff first.
I want Bethesda to make a game that incorporates every part of Tamriel.
It doesn't work like that
The Emperors were hereditary Dragonborn due to the blood of Alessia. The Last Dragonborn was born with an actual dragon's soul thanks to Akatosh, and there's no reason to assume it'd be passed down.
The Dragonblood is a gift of Akatosh. It's not hereditary, or else the PC's father or mother would already have been Dovahkiin, and you being one would have been much less of a big deal.
They spawn in the one fort you assualt during Companions quest regardless if you joined the Companions or not.
It’s all representations of mundus
 but you're stealing that eye of a now blind race. except there is that one snow elf in the DLC if my memory is correct
    If you count the vampire technically two snow elves that we know about. And the statue probably depicted a leader or sorts of the race before their blindness.
        In the dlc they also specify that the dwarves bargained for their sight, so it may be a depiction of them before the blindness but it's their first step into becoming 'the betrayed'.
Ulfr, someone said it's the same name as Ulfric but without the I C because he can't see.
Wonder how you thought of that? You go on YouTube much?
    I like the worldbuilding and lore of games, and I like roleplay kinds of stuff, even just in single player! I'm sure it came up in some lore video as well I heard, I have youtube going in the background while I play, lots of really interesting things to find!
Take this upvote and leave immediately.
This is by far one of the best things I have read here.
You feel good about what you did?
Akatosh "helped", the thief just got impatient and took things into his own hands, getting himself killed early.
    Or Akatosh did answer, by causing him to feel defiance, getting him shot. Akatosh basically just heard the prayer and knew Alduin would attack because he’s the Divine of Time, and he simply saw the fate of the thief and rewinded time to save him from a fate of being burned alive. Akatosh the divine saved only one person he saw worthy of his intervention.
But he says that BECAUSE she says “8 divines” he interjects to make it clear that he worships Talos, the NINTH divine. He wasn’t concerned with living, he wanted to be a martyr.
    Yes, that's why I mentioned it. It's a great moment because it shows this strange gray area of circumstance where his pride to refuse a blessing that didn't include Talos was what killed him and kept him from fighting on for skyrim and preserving Talos as a divine. Not that he could have known.
What is better? To be born good or to overcome your evil nature through great effort? Mama mia.
    What is-a better? To be born-a good-a or to overcome-a  your evil-a nature through-a great-a effort?
        WAWAWAWAwawawa
        Haha I laughed way too hard at this especially reading in Mario's voice. Thank you
Dont you mean Partysnaccs?
    Parodonthax
[removed]
    It always gets fucked up by everything else around too lol
    "...just avoid his mouth."

This is advice on the level of "just click on their heads."
    it can very much fly.

the main problem for this poor dragon (stuck underground SOMEHOW) is the giant that roams around the great hall. the giant is somehow stronger.  
I think the Dragon's name was Vulthuryol or something like that...
        It flies around the middle burning it, then lands outside, he will never fly again during the fight so his pretty easy
        Its a Ancient dragon it is stronger than a giant plus the dragon has to fight all the falmer in the main city if did not already clear it is get weakened considerably before you fight it
do you get to the AARDVARK district very often?
He’s also Speedwagon in Jojo lol
    Do you get to Ogre Street very often?
    The ultimate crossover
How can a person be so loved but hated at the same time
Yup. I wished that there had been more interactivity between NPCs and what abilities/items you had. For example, when you meet Harkon, if you were carrying Dawnbreaker, I would have liked for him to be wary of your intentions given the sword's power and purpose.
    A new hairy paw touches the beacon! (if you were a werewolf)
        I think you mean

#A NEW HAIRY PAW TOUCHES THE BEACON!
            Meridia is just an unmuted discord channel let's be honest
                # HAHAH OH WOW YOU LIKE TOUCHING BALLS DRAGONBORN?
    Or if you have the Mace of Molag Bal. I mean townsfolk notice it, but somehow not the guy who made a pact with Molag Bal himself?
I just go straight for ww so I dont have to deal with rockjoint
yeah, that why i usually go to markarth really early on.

it's a pretty easy way to get a decent amount of chump change
    I literally leave Whiterun, take the carriage to Dawnstar and loot the secret developer chest.
        It's not a developer chest its the inventory of the khajit caravan that stops there.
        I forgot where it was. But im an alchemist now, and rolling in gold lol.
            Yo I never played with alchemy before my current run. You literally smash two worthless items together and make like 300% profit.
                Yup. I buy the entire inventory of every alchemist I meet and trade them a few little pots for it. The homestead houses all have the green house and every planting is either canis root or swamp fungal pod. Smash those together, get 500 gold each. 

I have reset my alchemy 5 times so far lol. The best  pot i have found so far is garlic, nordic barnacle and salmon roe. 2-3k each depending on perks.

 You can catch a jumping salmon in a creek and get roe, but in the watet they have to be killed first. Easiest is stocking the fish pond, and shouting them to death. Or you can shoot them with arrows, that's pretty fun.
                300% profit isn’t much if they are worthless
                    I play Skyrim, not do maths
            Behind a rock and bush next to the mine.
Nope, as long as you get him on the approach.
Nope, you are treated as defending someone. She even thanks you and rewards you for your efforts, plus reveals some interesting info later if she's alive.
    What info?
        Spoilers: she is an Imperial spy who has been attempting to unearth the forsworn conspiracy so in that so-named quest you can talk to her at a certain stage to advance instead of having to do some sneaking about in a few people's homes. If you have even a primitive sneak level, its not a huge leg up, just adds a bit of color.
        She's an Imperial Spy.
You can, but you have to be fast. The second you come through the door, dude's already 'hostile' and stalking towards her, so you can kill him immediately without repercussion.
I mean you wouldnt until you tried.

People probably speedrun across this part of the game once they see this event once even if it can be stopped.
    Love putting my best arrow in that motherfucker's skull
You have to wait until he draws his weapon. Once he does that, hit him ince with anything and he'll be focused on you instead of killing her.
D-don’t quote me the regulations! I was co-chair on the committee that voted on the color of the book!

*we kept it grey*
No, it's another guy. 

In the Thalmor Embassy, when you're above the torture chamber I believe, you'll walk in on a human having a heated discussion with a Thalmor agent.

If you manage to sneak through without killing them, you'll come across that human in the Ragged Flaggon, spying for the Thalmor.
    > If you manage to sneak through without killing them

I... I never ever intended to let them live. Looking forward to do something differently in my 42nd main quest.
        If you play an Altmer character, you can also just wear a Thalmor outfit and they won't bother you.
            Are you sure? I did that once and the mage in front attacked me. I don't remember how it went inside... that's why I ask.

I *do* remember that they all died as usual, but not if I or they were the attackers.
                "If the Dragonborn is an Altmer dressed in full Elven Armor the guards will not be hostile, allowing them to get within the range of melee weapons. If they are not dead yet, Rulindil and the guard that had been torturing Etienne will assist with attacking Malborn and the Dragonborn, so they will all have to be killed before escaping into the Reeking Cave through the trapdoor with the key looted from the guards' bodies."

https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Diplomatic_Immunity
        Yeah I only learned this on my latest sneak character lol.
No, the guy that talks to the interrogator at the Embassy as you sneak in
Gissur. He’s in Elenwen’s solar speaking with Rulindil, the lead interrogator. Since the books you need are in the office they’re speaking in, you have to hide and wait for Gissur to leave and for Rulindil to go downstairs to the interrogation chambers if you want to find Gissur back in the Flagon. Get the two dossiers on Ulfric and Delphine along with the key and continue the quest as usual.
An elegant weapon for a more civilized age.
    Is it possible to learn this weapon?
        Not from a Dwemer.
            Cause they're dead
Something they had back in the day. We're in better times now.
    I mean, there are ballista arrows.
        Did anyone ever hit something with a ballista in vanilla skyrim ?
            I did once after using the throw voice shout.

Edit: I saved the game, fired the ballista, notes where it hit, completely quit the game (ps3), restarted and threw voice to that spot just to see if it worked.
The massive dwarven arrows from the defensive positions inside their cities. Meaning they used to defend their entrances the same way
She's basically a hooker.
    There's no evidence she sold herself though, it was probably purely seduction. She was practicing "Dibellan arts" so there was likely something ritualistic about it too.
        Hmm, maybe that's why she 'marks' her marks.
        It's implied that some of the patrons that sleep in the bunkhouse pay for their rooms with Haelga.
        Yeah she was a thot not a hooker.
    I think she was just the Riften community bicycle. Everyone has had a ride or two.
        As the gods ordained
mommy and I are just wrestling. Go back to playing with your skeever or whatever, Sofie.
    Sofie turns around and walks away then hears a noise that sounds almost identical to an elbow drop off the top rope.
        (Applause from audience follows)
No else seems to have spotted the bed shackles....
    Or the daedric boots
        Which I believe are referenced in the agent's letter she received and is sitting on her desk?
A bone strap-on without quality lube? No thank you.
    I'm not too sure about the viscosity of the stamina potions. Quite possibly they were used as stamina enhancing lubricants.
        Slap some sleeping tree sap on that bad boy and go to town
            WEEEEW
The skaal have used the horker for all purposes for thousands of years. No way that's the first.
He lollygagged around temple of Dibella. That was creepy.
    At least it wasn’t the orphanage in Riften...
        That's *loli*-gagging.

*Edit: Two days later and this gets gold. Thanks, kind stranger. And still...wow. lol*
            Oh no.
                Oh *yes*.
            Guards! This one right here!
            You’re going to hell
    That *monster*

Who *lollygags around a* **temple**!?!?? Only the worst monsters.
        Temple of Dibella Dude. only the most cultured lollygag there.
            Do you lollygag around the Temple of Dibella very often? Oh, what am I saying, of course you don't.
                If I had septim for every case of chlamydia I've cured since I've opened this shop, I would be a rich woman indeed.
>if you shoot, say, an ebony arrow into a bandit using iron arrows, they’ll suddenly start shooting a bottomless quiver of ebony arrows at you, despite only having 1 in their inventory. 

I have died this way before, multiple times. Sometimes the NPC picks up the arrows and adds them to their inventory, and sometimes they don't.
Interesting, so in theory if you shoot an ebony arrow into a bandit and you could then collect an infinite amount of ebony arrows from him shooting at you?
    I find it’s easier and less risky to reverse-pickpocket arrows onto the Solitude guards shooting at the archery range outside Castle Dour.
        I will admit to having used followers merely as arrow farms
How else are they gonna combat their low birth rate?
    I'd recommend they stop being complete assholes that everyone else wants to murder.
        Yeah, but a fuckton of sex sounds way more fun.
            True. But alas, the Thalmor don't realize they're not mutually exclusive...
                Unfortunately, misery of other races is the only thing that can set the mood right.
            ...until the Thalmor accidentally murder-fuck Slaanesh into existence.
Hol up, just gonna sip some of my Monster energy drink. Be right with you.
    Boomer Thalmor

Bottom Text
He was being led to an execution. Fear of dying for trying to resist probably wasn’t on his mind
    It isn't about fear of dying, he's the leader of a rebellion... a rescue attempt is pretty much inevitable, he has a better chance if he waits. If Alduin didn't show up it would've been not long until Stormcloaks started coming out of the keep.
        [removed]
        Holy fuck im only just realising all those stormcloaks were there in the keep specifically to rescue ulfric
    It's more about increasing your chances for survival. You don't do it *whenever*. You do it at *the right moment.*
He was outnumbered, but still nowhere near as outnumbered as when he was in Helgen.  I dunno, I mean ultimately it's a plot device, I just think they could have very easily plugged that plot hole by having him with his hands tied behind his back, instead of the front.  I mean there's a reason police cuff you behind your back.
    I agree, but it seems obvious to me that he was waiting though. Like, during the escape you run to the tower nearby and there's Ulfric and Ralof but then when you get to the keep Ralof shows up alone. It was diversion tactics, Ulfric had likely already escaped by that point.
    So that I don’t pull my gag off and use the power of the Voice?
Go to Windhelm and slap him around some, he can fus ro dab like a pro.
    No way I'm going to do that! Surely you've heard what he did to the High King! Killed him with his voice, shouted him apart!
        I *heard* that!
Did he not actually shout the High King apart? I thought he had and unrelenting force in-game was really dumbed down for gameplay reasons.
    I wish Skyrim had Fallouts limb dismemberment system so I could literally explode people with a shout.
        There's a power you get from one of the Black Books that occasionally causes Unrelenting Force to disintegrate enemies.
            It just turns them into dust tho, I want the bloody mess perk
    You can ask him about it. He tells you that he did Shout at Torygg, but the final blow was done with his sword.
Right? They take away my 1,000 Iron Daggers but leave me with the ability to conjure a Battleaxe and a Wolf.
    Now if only I could summon a lockpick....
In Anise's basement there's a letter that reveals that Anise is a witch, with implications that she is on the cusp of undergoing whatever process turns a witch into a hagraven.

Hagravens are the creatures that create Forsworn Briarhearts. They do this by cutting out the human's heart, and replacing it with a Briar Heart (the alchemy ingredient), and likely some sort of magic spell being cast on it. This process can be seen in-game at Bard's Leap Summit and at Lost Valley Redoubt.

Anise, as a witch who was preparing to change her life forever, was practicing the Hagraven art of replacing a creature's heart.
    I love how if you’re pickpocket/sneak is good enough you can literally pickpocket a briarheart our and it instakills the forsworn briarhearts
        yoink
        Just like the satisfaction in fallout games of reverse-pickpocketing a grenade or land mine into an enemy picket and watching it so crazy damage to them.
        It's one of my favorite things to do.
I always thought it meant he had eaten it.
    And it went to his heart?
        pulmonary oemeraldema
        Well ya emeralds are full of sat fats and cholesterol
I wanna say I remember people saying the College was *mostly* untouched during the Great Collapse, leading to the suspicion and distrust shown by the population of Winterhold. Though the only damage I can think of is on the bridge.
    If your at the Tomb of Ysgramor and look at the College, you can see the place was practically *SLIDING* into the see.

Probably thanks to the mages it's still there
    The only damage to the college was it's connection to the outside world. Both litterally amd figuratively.
    [deleted]
        Hmm. I wanna say the collapse happened 80 years ago. 

Making half a city disappear seems like a huge glitch waiting to happen.
            Would’ve made that storyline so much cooler though
These circles are positioned identically to the parts of the imperial city. The big one is the main part of the city, smaller one to the bottom right is the arcane college, and the on to the top right is the prison.
The Imperial City was designed by the Ayleids to essentially be a map of the universe with White Gold Tower and thus the Ayleids in the center.

The diagram we see in the infinium is a diagram of the Aurbis, so its drawing from the same source as the Imperial City, but not the Imperial City itself.
Of course. Imperial City was built by Daedra worshipping Ayleids though.
I wish there was a way to join them and clear out the damn companions
Yeah, that would have made for an incredibly interesting plotline. Skyrim as a whole has the potential for a lot more plot
Dawnguard is kind of a splinter faction of the Vigilants
    I wouldn't even say kind of. Isran is literally an ex-Vigilant that got fed up at the whole not killing enough vampires part, so he created the Dawnguard to kill more vampires.
they were just bandits with silver. Which showcases that the companions are ludicrous incompetents and I want a fighter's guild.  Get some Perky Merky in that action
I’m certain the Vigilants thought they were abominations too. If you click the ‘You hunt daedra?’ dialogue option they say ‘And vampires, werewolves, witches, and any other abominations that prey on mortals.’ 

Poor werewolves, they never get a break
I never said he was. He was a decent leader, according to some texts. And have you heard some of the theories about him plotting to have himself assassinated for the empire? He’s a cunning old bag.
    I have not heard these theories. Care to elaborate?
        https://youtu.be/tvDCtFZn40g
He was an honorable man who requested an honorable deed
    I think less of anyone who honored his request. So unprofessional
Oh, he was a good guy. He was a great guy. He was a great fuckin guy.
    Glad to hear that he was a good guy though
I guess you could say you didn't see that one coming, eh?
    r/skyrimdadjokes would welcome that wit.
    Thanks dad, have an upvote.
That first time stealing his book. I chortled
One time, the Adoring Fan followed me into an Oblivion Gate. I paid him no mind, knowing he'd get rekt by something sooner or later. Turns out rather early on, he fell into a lava moat. I closed the Oblivion Gate, and *somehow* that motherfucker came back three days later, so I told him to fuck off.
    It's because he died. If you want him to be gone for good, tell him to wait and leave him in there, making sure he's alive when you close the gate. He can't escape as you closed the access to that area but won't respawn as he didn't die.
    He made a deal with Mehrunes Dagon to torture you for an eternity.
    He... he came back *three* days later? I think I know how he’s so hard to kill for good.
I prefer [this method](https://youtu.be/gbU_YqGZF5Y).
The ones in skyrim can't eutger, only the dlc breed
The implication is that he had both a daedric and a human heart inside of him. I don’t know much about daedric lore but it’s possible that it could’ve been part of a ritual to make him a stronger warrior.
How could he pay ? He rewards you with a damn plate for finishing the quest. I don't think any sane assassin would take a plate for paym...

Oh.
    Doesn't even need to hire an assassin. Just tell a caravan guard that you'll give him silverware if they bring a dead bandit to you.
    Maybe he payed with that because he used the only good he had to pay somebody to get the body?
I mean, if you spend enough time outside you’ll find a dead body.
    Ah, a fellow New Jersey native I see!
For some reason I just accepted it as normal the moment I first walked in

&#x200B;

I'm so used to seeing dead bodies in games
It wouldn't be too hard for him. There is a serial killer in town and the guards are too busy to investigate the murders, so if not for his mother he could have gotten a body that way
Simple : kill them. Their body becomes dead.
    Well duh. But half the country knows about the kid performing the sacrament, the specifics of which is fairly common knowledge. You think someone would've, idk, investigated a potential murder.
Morrowind taught me to fear being a vampire as a kid new to RPGs. The punishments for being one were brutal, so I always kept a good stock of cure disease potions around when questing.
    [deleted]
        Full illusion vampire in Skyrim is actually very fun, the biggest annoyance is playing around the day/night, but if you don't mind that you are basically a god lol
            Put enough points into enchantment and it doesnt matter. I had a vampire destruction mage playthrough on PS3 (so no mods) who wore no armour and had rediculous regenerations rates in the day and essentially unlimited magika in the night.
            I did a playthrough as the vampire Regis from the Witcher books and had a blast.
Quite possibly.
XD fair enough, but NPC dialogue strongly implies that he is supposed to be black as night.
Ah yes, the clam before the storm
    Happy as a clam before the storm
Cast a calming/pacify spell on them first, which raises their disposition toward you by 1 temporarily, that pretty much guarantees it.
    "Hey, I only know you from ten seconds, and usually I would kill you on sight but nah, I don't know why, not this time. Anyway let me just put you on my inheritance before you do anything with that nice dagger of yours."
        "Hey, I just met you, and this cra-zy..."
            "...but here's my 'nheritance.
So stab me, maybe?"
                wow, the only thing that screams 2011 louder than skyrim
I remember getting a hired mercenary from windhelm for the boethia quest where you have to sacrifice a follower. Well I did the deed and ended up getting an inheritance from him because I guess the game considered it falling in the line of duty lol. So I ended up making a 300 gold profit from paying this guy to merc and then stabbing him on a cliff
I'm just holding on to the skeleton key, y'know, so it doesn't get lost.
She was trying to steal the deed of the Cidhna Mine under General Tullius orders
    Yeah, it was something like this. IIRC she was after the Silver-Blood fortune (the Mine, the Treasury House, etc) and was there to bribe them, and if that failed, to steal the deed for the Empire. Definitely wasn't "innocent" at all.
No, I dont think she was looking into the Forsworn problem. She was there on Imperial business, if I remember, she was looking into the Silver-bloods actually, since they truly rule Markarth, like the Black-briars in Riften.

She was looking at jewelry to buy for her sister or someone back in Cyrodil if I remember right.
do you get the stolen souls back when you defeat him?
they *were*
There are werebears roaming the island, but there's a cave of werewolves in human form
I play the ps3 version and its always the diadem of the savant, its really weird, I tried to post a video about that but I  couldn't
    >I play the ps3 version

I'm so sorry.
Someone is having trouble aiming.
    I like to think it's a passive aggressive gesture from other bandits.
Grab some hanging moss and blue mountain flower instead of roe for even faster leveling.

Also if you want a challenge level up crafting before combat.
Lokir is a coward. Could he have murdered Lund as a crime of passion for some reason, then fled the scene, got caught, and to the wagons he went?
    Ooo I've never heard that, but it would make sense
Yup! That was always the fun. I remember the first time seeing the black/purple pillar of energy shooting up as Alduin raised a dragon. Always neat to watch.
That's what I meant. I must have gotten my facts wrong with the priorities, but it is within their line of interest to prepare for war with them. This is why I sided with the Empire in the civil war. Or... More like why I'm glad I sided with them, and support them more.
    I fully agree! Besides, a bunch of the stormcloaks are extremely racist. I'm sure that if the stormcloaks took over skyrim, everyone except nords and maybe Bretons would be kicked out.

The dragonborn siding with the empire is the best outcome for everyone.
        Exactly, that's why I sided with the Imperial's initially. People make the argument "well the empire bans freedom of religion!" Well, no they don't because they don't force you to worship their gods, you just can't worship Talos. And on top of that, it's the Thalmor that forced them to ban the worship of Talos in the first place. That's why they outlawed it, because the Thalmor forced them to.
        I have never sided with the Stormcloaks. I like their fight for freedom and I really like their design, but they are just racist idiots. And if that wasnt bad enough, they are also further weakening the Empire, although the Empire is the only faction stopping the Thalmor from total domination.
"Even that is a bit of an understatement"
Lol, absolute love it! I'm still playing the heck out of this game. New challenge I'm going for? Max stats and all perks. Already at level 80, 160 levels to go!!
I always take a minute to decide if I actually want to go through with exploring a cave filled with spiders or not.
    Bring a fire spell
    It's the Chaurus that do it for me. On my first playthrough I innocently explored that goddamned abandoned lighthouse in the middle of the map without reading any the stuff inside at like eight. The sound of the Chaurus chittering still sends shivers up my spine. The only video game effect which ever creeped me out more was absolutely everything in the original Silent Hill.
        The Reapers are even worse. THEY FREAKING FLY.
            I fucking hated that update.
The ones in Satisfactory are worse. The way they move is so unsettling.
    Spiders in games are unsettling in general. Frostbite, tarantulas, the one in Limbo, acromantulas; they're all just ugh. The only one that gets a free pass is Peter.
Killed himself because there was no crunchberries left, naturally
I’m not saying it’s true, 

But the argument is that he wasn’t killed by skeevers because they were his pets.

If you go into a house with a corpse and hostile creatures still in it, the other implication would be the pets killed them
Is there a video on youtube?
    Here you go. 
https://youtu.be/Be3pTAO0P18
        17 minute video to say "the code is meaningless, it was an abandoned idea that didn't get removed from the game"

Fucking obnoxious (not you! the video)
There are pulpit type stands in the world outside certain carins that have the "press E" interaction but make absolutely no reaction.

  


  


  


I wonder if that had anything to do with the jars.
    Might be the ones from the Destruction Mastery quests? You need to be on the quest with the right item in your inventory for them to work.
Where alduin is preventing anyone from getting to the hall of valor
    Not just preventing, devouring their souls lol
Always disturbed me a lot
Never done the thieves guild questline before,will do it soon 👍
Kind of disappointing dialogue imo. She’s just like “dang Markarth really do be like that sometimes...Thanks here’s a necklace I was supposed to die bye”
It's vanilla. Sometimes they can get a rabbit instead.
    Or a mudcrab.
        Or my axe!
    I got a fox, much smaller than you'd find in the wild.
        WAY TOO LOUD though.

That breathing and those footsteps...
Not a mod. They can bring home a number of creatures as pets. Mine had a fox.
It's actually the boat that the first humans used to travel to the continent which Skyrim is on.
Jorrvaskr is literally the lead ship that Ysgramor and the 500 Companions used to travel to Skyrim.
Very interesting, best fun fact so far
You encounter him first, that’s it. Everyone’s met Nazeem and odds are he’s the first real asshole you meet. Never spoken to anyone in town, just arrived, this dickhead has the audacity to ask if you’ve ever walked up a flight of stairs before and then acts better than you because he has. 

Maven on the other hand doesn’t show up until you’re well into the game. Everyone who’s picked up Skyrim and made it to Whiterun has had a personal run in with Nazeem, Maven doesn’t do anything outwardly dickish until way later. Plus Maven fuckin runs Riften, Nazeem doesn’t actually do shit
FUFF RO DAH
    *nuclear explosion*
More time has already passed between the release of Skyrim and now then between any other Elder Scrolls games. Disappointing to say the least.
It’s going to be years from now. No telling really. They said they are focusing on other stuff first.
If you count the vampire technically two snow elves that we know about. And the statue probably depicted a leader or sorts of the race before their blindness.
    In the dlc they also specify that the dwarves bargained for their sight, so it may be a depiction of them before the blindness but it's their first step into becoming 'the betrayed'.
I like the worldbuilding and lore of games, and I like roleplay kinds of stuff, even just in single player! I'm sure it came up in some lore video as well I heard, I have youtube going in the background while I play, lots of really interesting things to find!
Or Akatosh did answer, by causing him to feel defiance, getting him shot. Akatosh basically just heard the prayer and knew Alduin would attack because he’s the Divine of Time, and he simply saw the fate of the thief and rewinded time to save him from a fate of being burned alive. Akatosh the divine saved only one person he saw worthy of his intervention.
Yes, that's why I mentioned it. It's a great moment because it shows this strange gray area of circumstance where his pride to refuse a blessing that didn't include Talos was what killed him and kept him from fighting on for skyrim and preserving Talos as a divine. Not that he could have known.
What is-a better? To be born-a good-a or to overcome-a  your evil-a nature through-a great-a effort?
    WAWAWAWAwawawa
    Haha I laughed way too hard at this especially reading in Mario's voice. Thank you
Parodonthax
It always gets fucked up by everything else around too lol
"...just avoid his mouth."

This is advice on the level of "just click on their heads."
it can very much fly.

the main problem for this poor dragon (stuck underground SOMEHOW) is the giant that roams around the great hall. the giant is somehow stronger.  
I think the Dragon's name was Vulthuryol or something like that...
    It flies around the middle burning it, then lands outside, he will never fly again during the fight so his pretty easy
    Its a Ancient dragon it is stronger than a giant plus the dragon has to fight all the falmer in the main city if did not already clear it is get weakened considerably before you fight it
Do you get to Ogre Street very often?
The ultimate crossover
A new hairy paw touches the beacon! (if you were a werewolf)
    I think you mean

#A NEW HAIRY PAW TOUCHES THE BEACON!
        Meridia is just an unmuted discord channel let's be honest
            # HAHAH OH WOW YOU LIKE TOUCHING BALLS DRAGONBORN?
Or if you have the Mace of Molag Bal. I mean townsfolk notice it, but somehow not the guy who made a pact with Molag Bal himself?
I literally leave Whiterun, take the carriage to Dawnstar and loot the secret developer chest.
    It's not a developer chest its the inventory of the khajit caravan that stops there.
    I forgot where it was. But im an alchemist now, and rolling in gold lol.
        Yo I never played with alchemy before my current run. You literally smash two worthless items together and make like 300% profit.
            Yup. I buy the entire inventory of every alchemist I meet and trade them a few little pots for it. The homestead houses all have the green house and every planting is either canis root or swamp fungal pod. Smash those together, get 500 gold each. 

I have reset my alchemy 5 times so far lol. The best  pot i have found so far is garlic, nordic barnacle and salmon roe. 2-3k each depending on perks.

 You can catch a jumping salmon in a creek and get roe, but in the watet they have to be killed first. Easiest is stocking the fish pond, and shouting them to death. Or you can shoot them with arrows, that's pretty fun.
            300% profit isn’t much if they are worthless
                I play Skyrim, not do maths
        Behind a rock and bush next to the mine.
What info?
    Spoilers: she is an Imperial spy who has been attempting to unearth the forsworn conspiracy so in that so-named quest you can talk to her at a certain stage to advance instead of having to do some sneaking about in a few people's homes. If you have even a primitive sneak level, its not a huge leg up, just adds a bit of color.
    She's an Imperial Spy.
Love putting my best arrow in that motherfucker's skull
> If you manage to sneak through without killing them

I... I never ever intended to let them live. Looking forward to do something differently in my 42nd main quest.
    If you play an Altmer character, you can also just wear a Thalmor outfit and they won't bother you.
        Are you sure? I did that once and the mage in front attacked me. I don't remember how it went inside... that's why I ask.

I *do* remember that they all died as usual, but not if I or they were the attackers.
            "If the Dragonborn is an Altmer dressed in full Elven Armor the guards will not be hostile, allowing them to get within the range of melee weapons. If they are not dead yet, Rulindil and the guard that had been torturing Etienne will assist with attacking Malborn and the Dragonborn, so they will all have to be killed before escaping into the Reeking Cave through the trapdoor with the key looted from the guards' bodies."

https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Diplomatic_Immunity
    Yeah I only learned this on my latest sneak character lol.
Is it possible to learn this weapon?
    Not from a Dwemer.
        Cause they're dead
I mean, there are ballista arrows.
    Did anyone ever hit something with a ballista in vanilla skyrim ?
        I did once after using the throw voice shout.

Edit: I saved the game, fired the ballista, notes where it hit, completely quit the game (ps3), restarted and threw voice to that spot just to see if it worked.
There's no evidence she sold herself though, it was probably purely seduction. She was practicing "Dibellan arts" so there was likely something ritualistic about it too.
    Hmm, maybe that's why she 'marks' her marks.
    It's implied that some of the patrons that sleep in the bunkhouse pay for their rooms with Haelga.
    Yeah she was a thot not a hooker.
I think she was just the Riften community bicycle. Everyone has had a ride or two.
    As the gods ordained
Sofie turns around and walks away then hears a noise that sounds almost identical to an elbow drop off the top rope.
    (Applause from audience follows)
Or the daedric boots
    Which I believe are referenced in the agent's letter she received and is sitting on her desk?
I'm not too sure about the viscosity of the stamina potions. Quite possibly they were used as stamina enhancing lubricants.
    Slap some sleeping tree sap on that bad boy and go to town
        WEEEEW
At least it wasn’t the orphanage in Riften...
    That's *loli*-gagging.

*Edit: Two days later and this gets gold. Thanks, kind stranger. And still...wow. lol*
        Oh no.
            Oh *yes*.
        Guards! This one right here!
        You’re going to hell
That *monster*

Who *lollygags around a* **temple**!?!?? Only the worst monsters.
    Temple of Dibella Dude. only the most cultured lollygag there.
        Do you lollygag around the Temple of Dibella very often? Oh, what am I saying, of course you don't.
            If I had septim for every case of chlamydia I've cured since I've opened this shop, I would be a rich woman indeed.
I find it’s easier and less risky to reverse-pickpocket arrows onto the Solitude guards shooting at the archery range outside Castle Dour.
    I will admit to having used followers merely as arrow farms
I'd recommend they stop being complete assholes that everyone else wants to murder.
    Yeah, but a fuckton of sex sounds way more fun.
        True. But alas, the Thalmor don't realize they're not mutually exclusive...
            Unfortunately, misery of other races is the only thing that can set the mood right.
        ...until the Thalmor accidentally murder-fuck Slaanesh into existence.
Boomer Thalmor

Bottom Text
It isn't about fear of dying, he's the leader of a rebellion... a rescue attempt is pretty much inevitable, he has a better chance if he waits. If Alduin didn't show up it would've been not long until Stormcloaks started coming out of the keep.
    [removed]
    Holy fuck im only just realising all those stormcloaks were there in the keep specifically to rescue ulfric
It's more about increasing your chances for survival. You don't do it *whenever*. You do it at *the right moment.*
I agree, but it seems obvious to me that he was waiting though. Like, during the escape you run to the tower nearby and there's Ulfric and Ralof but then when you get to the keep Ralof shows up alone. It was diversion tactics, Ulfric had likely already escaped by that point.
So that I don’t pull my gag off and use the power of the Voice?
No way I'm going to do that! Surely you've heard what he did to the High King! Killed him with his voice, shouted him apart!
    I *heard* that!
I wish Skyrim had Fallouts limb dismemberment system so I could literally explode people with a shout.
    There's a power you get from one of the Black Books that occasionally causes Unrelenting Force to disintegrate enemies.
        It just turns them into dust tho, I want the bloody mess perk
You can ask him about it. He tells you that he did Shout at Torygg, but the final blow was done with his sword.
Now if only I could summon a lockpick....
I love how if you’re pickpocket/sneak is good enough you can literally pickpocket a briarheart our and it instakills the forsworn briarhearts
    yoink
    Just like the satisfaction in fallout games of reverse-pickpocketing a grenade or land mine into an enemy picket and watching it so crazy damage to them.
    It's one of my favorite things to do.
And it went to his heart?
    pulmonary oemeraldema
    Well ya emeralds are full of sat fats and cholesterol
If your at the Tomb of Ysgramor and look at the College, you can see the place was practically *SLIDING* into the see.

Probably thanks to the mages it's still there
The only damage to the college was it's connection to the outside world. Both litterally amd figuratively.
[deleted]
    Hmm. I wanna say the collapse happened 80 years ago. 

Making half a city disappear seems like a huge glitch waiting to happen.
        Would’ve made that storyline so much cooler though
I wouldn't even say kind of. Isran is literally an ex-Vigilant that got fed up at the whole not killing enough vampires part, so he created the Dawnguard to kill more vampires.
I have not heard these theories. Care to elaborate?
    https://youtu.be/tvDCtFZn40g
I think less of anyone who honored his request. So unprofessional
Glad to hear that he was a good guy though
r/skyrimdadjokes would welcome that wit.
Thanks dad, have an upvote.
It's because he died. If you want him to be gone for good, tell him to wait and leave him in there, making sure he's alive when you close the gate. He can't escape as you closed the access to that area but won't respawn as he didn't die.
He made a deal with Mehrunes Dagon to torture you for an eternity.
He... he came back *three* days later? I think I know how he’s so hard to kill for good.
Doesn't even need to hire an assassin. Just tell a caravan guard that you'll give him silverware if they bring a dead bandit to you.
Maybe he payed with that because he used the only good he had to pay somebody to get the body?
Ah, a fellow New Jersey native I see!
Well duh. But half the country knows about the kid performing the sacrament, the specifics of which is fairly common knowledge. You think someone would've, idk, investigated a potential murder.
[deleted]
    Full illusion vampire in Skyrim is actually very fun, the biggest annoyance is playing around the day/night, but if you don't mind that you are basically a god lol
        Put enough points into enchantment and it doesnt matter. I had a vampire destruction mage playthrough on PS3 (so no mods) who wore no armour and had rediculous regenerations rates in the day and essentially unlimited magika in the night.
        I did a playthrough as the vampire Regis from the Witcher books and had a blast.
Happy as a clam before the storm
"Hey, I only know you from ten seconds, and usually I would kill you on sight but nah, I don't know why, not this time. Anyway let me just put you on my inheritance before you do anything with that nice dagger of yours."
    "Hey, I just met you, and this cra-zy..."
        "...but here's my 'nheritance.
So stab me, maybe?"
            wow, the only thing that screams 2011 louder than skyrim
Yeah, it was something like this. IIRC she was after the Silver-Blood fortune (the Mine, the Treasury House, etc) and was there to bribe them, and if that failed, to steal the deed for the Empire. Definitely wasn't "innocent" at all.
>I play the ps3 version

I'm so sorry.
I like to think it's a passive aggressive gesture from other bandits.
Ooo I've never heard that, but it would make sense
I fully agree! Besides, a bunch of the stormcloaks are extremely racist. I'm sure that if the stormcloaks took over skyrim, everyone except nords and maybe Bretons would be kicked out.

The dragonborn siding with the empire is the best outcome for everyone.
    Exactly, that's why I sided with the Imperial's initially. People make the argument "well the empire bans freedom of religion!" Well, no they don't because they don't force you to worship their gods, you just can't worship Talos. And on top of that, it's the Thalmor that forced them to ban the worship of Talos in the first place. That's why they outlawed it, because the Thalmor forced them to.
    I have never sided with the Stormcloaks. I like their fight for freedom and I really like their design, but they are just racist idiots. And if that wasnt bad enough, they are also further weakening the Empire, although the Empire is the only faction stopping the Thalmor from total domination.
Bring a fire spell
It's the Chaurus that do it for me. On my first playthrough I innocently explored that goddamned abandoned lighthouse in the middle of the map without reading any the stuff inside at like eight. The sound of the Chaurus chittering still sends shivers up my spine. The only video game effect which ever creeped me out more was absolutely everything in the original Silent Hill.
    The Reapers are even worse. THEY FREAKING FLY.
        I fucking hated that update.
Spiders in games are unsettling in general. Frostbite, tarantulas, the one in Limbo, acromantulas; they're all just ugh. The only one that gets a free pass is Peter.
Here you go. 
https://youtu.be/Be3pTAO0P18
    17 minute video to say "the code is meaningless, it was an abandoned idea that didn't get removed from the game"

Fucking obnoxious (not you! the video)
Might be the ones from the Destruction Mastery quests? You need to be on the quest with the right item in your inventory for them to work.
Not just preventing, devouring their souls lol
Always disturbed me a lot
Or a mudcrab.
    Or my axe!
I got a fox, much smaller than you'd find in the wild.
    WAY TOO LOUD though.

That breathing and those footsteps...
*nuclear explosion*
In the dlc they also specify that the dwarves bargained for their sight, so it may be a depiction of them before the blindness but it's their first step into becoming 'the betrayed'.
WAWAWAWAwawawa
Haha I laughed way too hard at this especially reading in Mario's voice. Thank you
It flies around the middle burning it, then lands outside, he will never fly again during the fight so his pretty easy
Its a Ancient dragon it is stronger than a giant plus the dragon has to fight all the falmer in the main city if did not already clear it is get weakened considerably before you fight it
I think you mean

#A NEW HAIRY PAW TOUCHES THE BEACON!
    Meridia is just an unmuted discord channel let's be honest
        # HAHAH OH WOW YOU LIKE TOUCHING BALLS DRAGONBORN?
It's not a developer chest its the inventory of the khajit caravan that stops there.
I forgot where it was. But im an alchemist now, and rolling in gold lol.
    Yo I never played with alchemy before my current run. You literally smash two worthless items together and make like 300% profit.
        Yup. I buy the entire inventory of every alchemist I meet and trade them a few little pots for it. The homestead houses all have the green house and every planting is either canis root or swamp fungal pod. Smash those together, get 500 gold each. 

I have reset my alchemy 5 times so far lol. The best  pot i have found so far is garlic, nordic barnacle and salmon roe. 2-3k each depending on perks.

 You can catch a jumping salmon in a creek and get roe, but in the watet they have to be killed first. Easiest is stocking the fish pond, and shouting them to death. Or you can shoot them with arrows, that's pretty fun.
        300% profit isn’t much if they are worthless
            I play Skyrim, not do maths
    Behind a rock and bush next to the mine.
Spoilers: she is an Imperial spy who has been attempting to unearth the forsworn conspiracy so in that so-named quest you can talk to her at a certain stage to advance instead of having to do some sneaking about in a few people's homes. If you have even a primitive sneak level, its not a huge leg up, just adds a bit of color.
She's an Imperial Spy.
If you play an Altmer character, you can also just wear a Thalmor outfit and they won't bother you.
    Are you sure? I did that once and the mage in front attacked me. I don't remember how it went inside... that's why I ask.

I *do* remember that they all died as usual, but not if I or they were the attackers.
        "If the Dragonborn is an Altmer dressed in full Elven Armor the guards will not be hostile, allowing them to get within the range of melee weapons. If they are not dead yet, Rulindil and the guard that had been torturing Etienne will assist with attacking Malborn and the Dragonborn, so they will all have to be killed before escaping into the Reeking Cave through the trapdoor with the key looted from the guards' bodies."

https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Diplomatic_Immunity
Yeah I only learned this on my latest sneak character lol.
Not from a Dwemer.
    Cause they're dead
Did anyone ever hit something with a ballista in vanilla skyrim ?
    I did once after using the throw voice shout.

Edit: I saved the game, fired the ballista, notes where it hit, completely quit the game (ps3), restarted and threw voice to that spot just to see if it worked.
Hmm, maybe that's why she 'marks' her marks.
It's implied that some of the patrons that sleep in the bunkhouse pay for their rooms with Haelga.
Yeah she was a thot not a hooker.
As the gods ordained
(Applause from audience follows)
Which I believe are referenced in the agent's letter she received and is sitting on her desk?
Slap some sleeping tree sap on that bad boy and go to town
    WEEEEW
That's *loli*-gagging.

*Edit: Two days later and this gets gold. Thanks, kind stranger. And still...wow. lol*
    Oh no.
        Oh *yes*.
    Guards! This one right here!
    You’re going to hell
Temple of Dibella Dude. only the most cultured lollygag there.
    Do you lollygag around the Temple of Dibella very often? Oh, what am I saying, of course you don't.
        If I had septim for every case of chlamydia I've cured since I've opened this shop, I would be a rich woman indeed.
I will admit to having used followers merely as arrow farms
Yeah, but a fuckton of sex sounds way more fun.
    True. But alas, the Thalmor don't realize they're not mutually exclusive...
        Unfortunately, misery of other races is the only thing that can set the mood right.
    ...until the Thalmor accidentally murder-fuck Slaanesh into existence.
[removed]
Holy fuck im only just realising all those stormcloaks were there in the keep specifically to rescue ulfric
I *heard* that!
There's a power you get from one of the Black Books that occasionally causes Unrelenting Force to disintegrate enemies.
    It just turns them into dust tho, I want the bloody mess perk
yoink
Just like the satisfaction in fallout games of reverse-pickpocketing a grenade or land mine into an enemy picket and watching it so crazy damage to them.
It's one of my favorite things to do.
pulmonary oemeraldema
Well ya emeralds are full of sat fats and cholesterol
Hmm. I wanna say the collapse happened 80 years ago. 

Making half a city disappear seems like a huge glitch waiting to happen.
    Would’ve made that storyline so much cooler though
https://youtu.be/tvDCtFZn40g
Full illusion vampire in Skyrim is actually very fun, the biggest annoyance is playing around the day/night, but if you don't mind that you are basically a god lol
    Put enough points into enchantment and it doesnt matter. I had a vampire destruction mage playthrough on PS3 (so no mods) who wore no armour and had rediculous regenerations rates in the day and essentially unlimited magika in the night.
    I did a playthrough as the vampire Regis from the Witcher books and had a blast.
"Hey, I just met you, and this cra-zy..."
    "...but here's my 'nheritance.
So stab me, maybe?"
        wow, the only thing that screams 2011 louder than skyrim
Exactly, that's why I sided with the Imperial's initially. People make the argument "well the empire bans freedom of religion!" Well, no they don't because they don't force you to worship their gods, you just can't worship Talos. And on top of that, it's the Thalmor that forced them to ban the worship of Talos in the first place. That's why they outlawed it, because the Thalmor forced them to.
I have never sided with the Stormcloaks. I like their fight for freedom and I really like their design, but they are just racist idiots. And if that wasnt bad enough, they are also further weakening the Empire, although the Empire is the only faction stopping the Thalmor from total domination.
The Reapers are even worse. THEY FREAKING FLY.
    I fucking hated that update.
17 minute video to say "the code is meaningless, it was an abandoned idea that didn't get removed from the game"

Fucking obnoxious (not you! the video)
Or my axe!
WAY TOO LOUD though.

That breathing and those footsteps...
Meridia is just an unmuted discord channel let's be honest
    # HAHAH OH WOW YOU LIKE TOUCHING BALLS DRAGONBORN?
Yo I never played with alchemy before my current run. You literally smash two worthless items together and make like 300% profit.
    Yup. I buy the entire inventory of every alchemist I meet and trade them a few little pots for it. The homestead houses all have the green house and every planting is either canis root or swamp fungal pod. Smash those together, get 500 gold each. 

I have reset my alchemy 5 times so far lol. The best  pot i have found so far is garlic, nordic barnacle and salmon roe. 2-3k each depending on perks.

 You can catch a jumping salmon in a creek and get roe, but in the watet they have to be killed first. Easiest is stocking the fish pond, and shouting them to death. Or you can shoot them with arrows, that's pretty fun.
    300% profit isn’t much if they are worthless
        I play Skyrim, not do maths
Behind a rock and bush next to the mine.
Are you sure? I did that once and the mage in front attacked me. I don't remember how it went inside... that's why I ask.

I *do* remember that they all died as usual, but not if I or they were the attackers.
    "If the Dragonborn is an Altmer dressed in full Elven Armor the guards will not be hostile, allowing them to get within the range of melee weapons. If they are not dead yet, Rulindil and the guard that had been torturing Etienne will assist with attacking Malborn and the Dragonborn, so they will all have to be killed before escaping into the Reeking Cave through the trapdoor with the key looted from the guards' bodies."

https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Diplomatic_Immunity
Cause they're dead
I did once after using the throw voice shout.

Edit: I saved the game, fired the ballista, notes where it hit, completely quit the game (ps3), restarted and threw voice to that spot just to see if it worked.
WEEEEW
Oh no.
    Oh *yes*.
Guards! This one right here!
You’re going to hell
Do you lollygag around the Temple of Dibella very often? Oh, what am I saying, of course you don't.
    If I had septim for every case of chlamydia I've cured since I've opened this shop, I would be a rich woman indeed.
True. But alas, the Thalmor don't realize they're not mutually exclusive...
    Unfortunately, misery of other races is the only thing that can set the mood right.
...until the Thalmor accidentally murder-fuck Slaanesh into existence.
It just turns them into dust tho, I want the bloody mess perk
Would’ve made that storyline so much cooler though
Put enough points into enchantment and it doesnt matter. I had a vampire destruction mage playthrough on PS3 (so no mods) who wore no armour and had rediculous regenerations rates in the day and essentially unlimited magika in the night.
I did a playthrough as the vampire Regis from the Witcher books and had a blast.
"...but here's my 'nheritance.
So stab me, maybe?"
    wow, the only thing that screams 2011 louder than skyrim
I fucking hated that update.
# HAHAH OH WOW YOU LIKE TOUCHING BALLS DRAGONBORN?
Yup. I buy the entire inventory of every alchemist I meet and trade them a few little pots for it. The homestead houses all have the green house and every planting is either canis root or swamp fungal pod. Smash those together, get 500 gold each. 

I have reset my alchemy 5 times so far lol. The best  pot i have found so far is garlic, nordic barnacle and salmon roe. 2-3k each depending on perks.

 You can catch a jumping salmon in a creek and get roe, but in the watet they have to be killed first. Easiest is stocking the fish pond, and shouting them to death. Or you can shoot them with arrows, that's pretty fun.
300% profit isn’t much if they are worthless
    I play Skyrim, not do maths
"If the Dragonborn is an Altmer dressed in full Elven Armor the guards will not be hostile, allowing them to get within the range of melee weapons. If they are not dead yet, Rulindil and the guard that had been torturing Etienne will assist with attacking Malborn and the Dragonborn, so they will all have to be killed before escaping into the Reeking Cave through the trapdoor with the key looted from the guards' bodies."

https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Diplomatic_Immunity
Oh *yes*.
If I had septim for every case of chlamydia I've cured since I've opened this shop, I would be a rich woman indeed.
Unfortunately, misery of other races is the only thing that can set the mood right.
wow, the only thing that screams 2011 louder than skyrim
I play Skyrim, not do maths
