[[How many of you actually ride horses in this game]]


I have spent well over 1000 hours in this game, and I think the combined total time I've spent on a horse is under 5 minutes. How many of you actually spend a considerable amount of time riding a horse around Skyrim?


I don't like horses because even when I fast travel with my horse being at one of my homes. Some how that horse is suddenly next to me when coming out of fast travel. One time I came out of fast travel to find a dragon attacking the area and the horse was instantly roasted. 
So arvak is now my only horse of choice. Plus Arvak is a good boy.
    Arvak is the best.
        Best reason to go to the soul cairn.  I hate that place.
            I like the trader guy, I just get spell books from him, and I get some good ones.
                There's a trader there? Thousands of hours and didn't know that
                    He doesn’t take gold, only those stupid husk things… I spent like half hour on my first playthrough getting 25 of them so I can get a (hopefully new) spell tome… he gave me flames…
                        Save before selling him the husks. The tomes are random, after all.
                        >I spent like half hour 

Only half an hour? Those are rookie numbers! You've gotta pump those numbers up!
                        He sells you items based on your level. At some point despite what the wiki says, he has a chance to trade daedric weapons (i think lv50+). However, you probably got your hands on some deadric stuff at that point already.
                            I’m pretty sure I was around level 35-40 when I got flames from him, but yeah by that level daedric stuff should be spawning anyways.
                    Same
            Necklace is amazing as well
                What necklace?
                    Necklace of St Jiub 50 stamina and 50 carry weight
                        Oh yeah I love that thing.
        Who's Arvak?
            A spectral horse you can get in the soul cairn. Super convenient as he can be summoned wherever whenever via a conjuration spell.
                Yeah, that’s true, no biggie, but it is a bit annoying to me how he immediately disintegrates after you dismount.
                    Yeah sucks for looting stuff or hopping off to fight but it doesn’t take a lot of magika to summon him so it’s never been too much of a problem
                        Yeah, it is good to have so you don’t have to spend a thousand gold coins on a horse.
                            If I don’t do the Dawnguard quest immediately, I do the dark brotherhood one, Shadowmere is nice and tanky and he can respawn.
                                She*

Shadowmere is a mare. 

But yes. She's by far my favourite horse to have. Even in Oblivion. I always speedran the DB questline. 

Aside from the constant supply (as well as a giant pile of) gold, you got quite a few decent items from doing the challenges in the missions you were sent on, and all you "lost" was a +5 luck buff for a few hours after touching a statue... Not a great loss, really, since you got better from the quests. 

And Shadowmere. Back then, you could kill her, put a load of loot on her corpse, then wait a few minutes and she'd stand right back up. Get to base, drop off all your loot in invent, kill her, loot everything else back again... And then wait for her to rez and off you go again!
                                    Interestingly enough, Shadowmere is referred to (by Astrid) as male in Skyrim.  In Oblivion the horse is a mare though.
                                    I never had the heart to do that carry weight hack lol but I do love Shadowmere.
                                Shadowmere! Forgot about him, I lost him while riding Frost. I just remembered I think if he dies or gets lost he respawns by the pond.
                                    Yeah. Some sources say he should fast travel with you, so if you’re running survival, maybe turn it off for a second, jump to the nearest point (so it won’t really count) and turn survival back on, he should hopefully be there.
                            I've only ever stolen a horse or rode shadowmere
                Cool! Is this in the vanilla game? I can't believe I didn't know about it! I will have to do the dawnguard quest now.
                    It’s part of the dawnguard questline no mods necessary.
                        Yayyy. I've never played through Dawnguard before
                            You’re in for a treat. I prefer Dragonborn, but Dawnguard introduces some of the most interesting characters in Skyrim IMO and you get to meet 🥰😍 Serana 😍🥰
                AE also has the "summon daedric horse" spell you get from the quest "The Cause."
        The daedric horse is nice too
            The unicorn is my personal favorite, and a great battle companion with high health stats. He'll tank a full dragon assault without flinching and deal a good amount of damage to boot
        Such a good horse
    Yeah this is also why I stopped using horses as them dying soon after fast travelling anywhere got real annoying real quick
        Early on, I fast traveled to Winterhold and the ice wraiths killed my horse. Reload, same thing.  Had to ditch him because he was a good boy and didn't deserve to die.  I like to think he was thankful that I worked hard to spare his life.
    If you get the mod, oblivious horses, then they’ll run away from combat and have a way higher chance of surviving anything
        I didn’t know this!!!
        I got a mod called better horses and I've never had one die. I even have a mod that will sometimes spawn 4-6 dragons at a time in an area and get caught up there fast travelling, spend 30min or more in a fight for my life and still never lost one. The downside is sometimes they run so far away I can't find them again unless I fast travel to bring them back
    I wish there was a mod for horses that gives them companion dialogue menu like Pets of Skyrim. It’ll also make more sense if horses could carry some of your shit lol
        From memory they have their own encumbrance so can carry you even if you're carrying too much stuff - up to a point
    Such a good horse
    Yep. I made the mistake of buying a horse for goldenhills in one of my playthroughs. Had to run damn near all the way to gjukar's monument before fast traveling if I didn't want the damn thing popping up on the side of a mountain with me.
        You can armor that horse at a stable I think
    With the AE you have a lot of options but yeah. I commented on a post that if you have the restoration perk to restore stamina you barely need a horse and can just sprint nonstop. I just did that on solstheim to get around since I didn't have Arvak yet
    Love arvak only problem is I have to go into the soul carn and I very rarely play magic builds
    Armor helps horses survive - but prob not against a dragon.  

And Arvak can be summoned on Solstheim!  :D
I use horses constantly unless I play a mage. I do this because I not only play survival, but my game is super dangerous. Horses are a great way to escape, help travel when incumbered, and do mounted combat in dangerous fights
    What do you mean super dangerous? Just curious what kind of experience you have set up. Sounds fun
        Posted the link to my reply so I'm not spamming the thread 👍🏿

https://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/s/JxBWxfsRQe
    Agree with all this. I play legendary survival - no mods, and in that, your horse becomes one of your most important survival tools. In addition to what's been listed here, horses will help you fight and are scaled to the difficulty, unlike your Dragonborn. Horses will often alert you to hostiles before you notice them. And I think most importantly, they can get you out of a freezing environment you weren't prepared for before you freeze to death.
        I didn’t realize they’re scaled!
            Indeed. Followers are also scaled to difficulty. Essentially, everyone but you ~~and your conjurings~~. When I start legendary, I grab Faendal ASAP so that I don't get wrecked by wolves trying to gather materials to craft my starting gear. He is way stronger than I am at the start.

Edit: struck out an error
    I'm also curious about the "dangerous" part. Is it just a high difficulty level?? 

Horses really are a life saver sometimes when overencumbered.
        For me, I increase difficulty through mods, as I feel like the bethesda difficulty switch just turns enemies into tanks, so its artificial difficulty.


I add more enemies through mods like:

- hand placed enemies

- lupinus

- vampire attacks (cant remember the real name sorry)

- skyrim at war


I change the way NPCs behave with mods like:

- wild world

- followers go on a trip

- immersive citizens

-better vampire NPCs

-HERO


I change the balance of gameplay through mods like

- fatality (wildcat or vigor are also good)

- improved AI detection hardcore

- no respawning guards

- no essentials morrowind style

- truly deadly poisons

- ELFX Hardcore

- EMILI

- Masterly

- sos Ahst mulaag


Finally, I sprinkle all that with realism mods like ars mettalica, an orphange, better spell learning, etc.


All this serves to make the game fairly punishing when it comes to combat, with no way to cheese out dubs. I also tend to play permadeath. With death being a real threat for me and all NPCs, it makes me 1) want to actually be a hero as failure has real consequences and 2) gives me a sense of urgency to complete quests to safen up skyrim.

Also dont think those are all the mods. Just some of my favs.
    Also helps you climb mountains when you go the direct route
    Why would being a mage change whether or not you ride a horse
        No mounted combat
            It's weird how you can't cast spells on horseback but can shoot arrows.
        I'm doing my first full mage (and survival) playthrough, I'm preferring to stay off horseback as I can use restoration magic to get stamina back so it's easy to run endlessly and it's quicker to respond to threats when I'm already off my horse.
    Which mods are you using to make it dangerous like that ?
        Posted the link to my reply so I'm not spamming the thread 👍🏿

https://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/s/JxBWxfsRQe
            Thank you !
Survival mode
    Survival mode increases horse stonks by a huge degree. Absolutely loving my horse, and so glad the wild horses cc gave me one for free lol
        The wild horses cc is goated af for survival mode. Good luck on finding the rest!!
            Wild Horses is great, but I still say Arvak is the best horse.
                I like Summon Daedric Horse.   It looks cooler to me.
            Problem with Wild Horses is that they are all exactly the same (except for the Unicorn, obviously), so you're set for life once you get the one just outside Whiterun.
                The dwarven one doesn’t run out of stamina.
                    The Dwarven Horse isn't part of Wild Horses, however, which is the CC being talked about in this part of the thread. And it's certainly a helluva lot more difficult to get than just hopping on a horse just outside of Whiterun a few times.
                        It isn’t? Huh. Haven’t delved too much into the new content, been playing other stuff for a while as well and less focus has been on Skyrim. Good to know, but yeah, the amount of times I’ve stolen that whiterun horse…
    Yeah, was going to say the same. Horses are actually pretty useful in survival mode. Both because of the slight nerf to carry weight and stamina penalties due to cold and hunger. And because you can't fast travel, horses become a way more viable option
    Horses don’t freeze in water
I can't loot shit from horseback and I always be looting shit
    These herbs aren’t going to pick themselves
    indeed
    Better Third Person mod allows that, but damn thing is somehow conflicting with faster hdt-smp and causing game to crash 😔
        I'm but a humble peseant too greedy to limit his mods but too dumb to get them to work together (console) so I haven't played much with mods. 

But I do like me a mod that allows me to see my entire person and not just my back and up
The dang horse riding mechanics are just junk. I really want to and often try to but it's worse than riding a motorcycle, good chance we're going to jump off a cliff while turning around.  

Ride sharing makes it even more appealing, but still, we gon die.

Set all that aside when playing hunter / survival, just have to be careful.
    I once made my horse jump down what I thought was a small 5 foot drop

It was like 30. The horse died, my DB barely survived.

My brother still doesn't let me forget over 10 years later

Now I baby my horses in every game I have one (*cough*RDO*cough*)
        The rdr2 horse mechanics are revolutionary
            The horse balls
                “Why are all of your horses male?”
“No reason….”
        the only horse I ever have in my games is Shadowmere. I always make it essential via console asap.
            Either shadowmere (for his tanky health and respawn ability back at the falkwreath Sanctuary) or Arvak (due to him being summonable)
    This! It’s just not a fun gameplay mechanic. I got shadowmere and he looks cool, but still annoying
    That's why you set your horse to walk and not sprint down the mountain. Or just don't cheese the games traversal because you don't feel like walking up the throat of the world correctly... Just saying. Horses work correctly when used correctly...
        They work "correctly", sure. But they're just not a big leap from walking or sprinting everywhere. My point was only one of many mentioned in just this thread. Dismounting is cumbersome as is fighting. Fast traveling just to have your horse appear can be an issue. Often they go agro when they should have ran.  

Convenient horses and other mods fix a lot of this, but still, "correctly" the base game horses just aren't great, especially early game (when they're most useful) as riding is a good way to miss POIs.

Edit: all the above is before getting into the companion issues.
            Idk, I only play survival so I can't FT, and I only use my horse from point A-B traversal using mainly only roads for travel for RP purposes. The only time I ever had issues was trying to cheese the mountain tops. Plenty of uses for horses imo. They work better than some cars did in cyberpunk on launch day, that's for sure.
                Yeah. I'm really not trying to hate. The world is definitly better with them especially modded. But I just rarely use them except in survival.
        It’s a Bethesda game, none of it works “corrrectly”
            You're right my bad. "It just works"
    Not to mention that AE somehow just fucked it up entirely. Even before I installed any mods and just had CC (which I got rid of recently), the game stalls constantly. After getting rid of CC, it still stalls. I can ride a horse consistently for maybe 10 seconds before it freezes for about 30. It's annoying as hell and I can only guess it has something to do with the horse armor add on (which I never even used)
They're useful for going up steep mountains. That's it for me.
Otherwise, I reckon they're only good for the role-playing aspect.
    I’m the same way. Going to a new place near markarth? I’m gonna steal a horse and rock climb in a b-line straight for my objective.
Tbh sometimes i just like riding around on my Horse. 

Clippity clop, clippity clop, *jump*, clippity clop. 

It’s soothing.
    Ah, so I'm not alone? I really love to do so to de-stress after a long day working. The landscapes are so beautiful to enjoy...
    Me too. Skyrim is my escape world. I ramble all over the place on my horse. This playthrough is the first time I've armored my horse (don't have Shadowmere yet) and it hasn't died so far.
    You’ve got two empty halves of coconut, and your banging them together!!
I'm level 45 in my 4th or 5th playthrough. This is the first time I did the whole Dark Brotherhood storyline and I have Shadowmere. I ride him a lot. Damn horse follows me everywhere I go, so I might as well ride. 

Before this, I never rode. I tried once, and my horse fell off a rock and died horribly and that was quite enough for me. 

Fun story about Shadowmere. I was fighting Alduin at the throat of the world and doing a pretty shit job of it, if I say so myself. Alduin and I were both at the very end of our health points. I was about to do my final blow, when Shadowmere comes galloping up out of nowhere and kicks that dragon right in the head. The last thing I saw before I died was my horse, killing the world eater and avenging my untimely demise.

Obviously the game reloaded and I tried again and failed somewhat less spectacularly. But I like knowing that there is a timeline out there in which Shadowmere succeeded where the Dragonborn could not. I like to think that he carried on, tracking Alduin all the way to Sovangarde and saving the world. What a horse.
In survival mode horses are a godsend. Especially Arvak/Daedric since you can summon them on a whim.

Shadowmere is a great tank but I prefer the summonable horses because I don't have to worry about them running off into the woods for gods know what reason
Once I have Arvak I’ll summon him when I decide I want to go over a mountain rather than go around but other than that I go everywhere on foot 
I love riding my horse, and still can fast travel while over encumbered if I'm on my horse.
Even though I have to....
* constantly stop to wait for my follower
* constantly dismount and remount to fight animals and road randos 
* constantly dismount and remount to pick alchemy ingredients 
* constantly worry about where the fuck he ran off too during the most recent battle with animals or road randos 

I **always** ride a horse.
If you'll forgive a shameless plug: I hated riding horses so I made this mod and now I ride all the time: [Zim's Aenbyr Custom Horse](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/76722)
I don't like horses in Skyrim. They have chunky maneuverability. Attacking from horseback sucks. Getting off a horse takes forever - in which time, the enemy can just continue to do damage. Then, instead of running away from the fight, like any horse would do, the horse decides to involve itself in the fight and likely getting killed in the process. 
I do hope they make horses easier to handle in the next installment. I like the idea of attacking from horseback, but in Skyrim it's just not ideal.
I tamed the Grey-ish horse near Markarth, named it Aura and outfitted it with Elven Armor. That horse is a BEAST — charges off after everything but a troll or sabre cat, and kills lots of my enemies before I get a chance to. It’s really quite funny, and I ride them EVERYWHERE. 🥰 I’m sure I’m quite a sight: a Khajeet in Heavy Armor with an Armored Horse & Armored Dwarven mudcrab, a goat wearing a pack and a rabbit following me everywhere. 😎😎👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I use a summoned, undead horse. Such a good horse.
    Good old Arvak. It’s either him or Shadowmere for me.
        I could never get on the Arvak train, couldn't do it to Shadowmere.
            Ah, but he’s summonable. Really nifty at times when you need an instant mount. But Shadowmere is a great steed.
With Survival Mode you will LOVE horses
    How fast can I get to Riften to get Frost..... I hate my stolen horses wandering away.
In the run I'm doing right now, I'm "living" on my horse  🤣
On survival mode my horse is my best friend. Not on survival mode, I don’t ride a horse at all.
I use it to get up on top of mountains where I can't find the path.
Very rarely if I need to get somewhere in a hurry I just sprint or use whirlwind
    ya the horses In vanilla Skyrim kinda suck.
        Frost is pretty good. Shadowmere even better. You can abuse wait to recharge stamina on long journeys.
Never. They aggro everything and it’s annoying whenever you want to hop off to interact with something on foot, like collecting alchemy ingredients.
Only time I mount is when I want to take a shortcut to the top of a mountain. Then CAREFULLY dismount for the descent
    There really should be a "Nope!" From the horse when you're about to yee-haw to your death.

This is what the rearing animation was \*meant* for :/
I use the Convenient Horses mod, and I ride horses all the time, it's my primary method of travel.
I ride it a lot.

Used to ride shadowmere but then my brother killed it by jumping off a cliff. Got it again when it respawned and was killed again, cant find it now.

Arvak has been my ride since
Sometimes I like to just clippity clop around on my horse to discover new areas because he climbs mountains like a maniac.  It’s annoying though because there are way too many angry predators out in the daytime in this game
I literally only use Arvak or Shadowmere whenever I'm using horseback (I like to ride the roads to places sometimes, even when not playing survival), the only times I'm using any other horse is if I'm going somewhere up a mountain really early on in the game and can't be bothered following the path so I take advantage of the *highly realistic* horse physics 🤣
This is my 1,263 playthrough and am actually using my horse. 
I seem to just ride him from a fast travel location to a yet undiscovered place that I cannot fast travel too and is a bit of a walk. It's quick 

They're also really good for going up mountains
I use them a lot for role playing and immersion.

Overusing fast travel breaks immersion so horses become useful when avoiding this and help to explore more of the world
I ride all the time. Every time I start a new game, I go straight for winter hold to get the quest for the unicorn. Apart from shadowmere later in the game, and arvak) it's the only one I ride
    There’s a unicorn?! I have 800+ hours in this game…
        Yeah! It was added with the creation club content you get with the anniversary edition :) if you have it, go to the arcaneum (cant spell it) and look on the desk beside the telekinesis arrow book. From there, you just go to Riften, hang a left like you're going to blackbriar lodge, and you'll find it in that little valley area between them. Just at the bottom of that hill. Hope that helps!
Of course I ride a horse! I’m a cowboy. On a steel horse, I ride. And in all 9 holds? I’m wanted, wanted, dead or alive.
i use em fairly often, especially to climb up mountains that i can’t find the path up for
I do but mostly for roleplay or if im over encumbered
I would ride more often, but I like having my team of followers. For some reason they can’t ride, so I don’t like making them jealous
It's great when you're overencumbered
Since the horse armour was added I've spent a bunch of time on a horse. Before that though I never used them.
All the time. It's faster than running to new places. And they're useful for carrying all that dwarven junk.
I ride horses occasionally and as long as you stick to roads and paths it’s alright, mostly use them to decrease fast travel time though and thus reduce my amount of hostile encounters and, if playing survival, decrease the amount of time I spend hungry or thirsty, plus they ride the same whether you’re encumbered or not so if you have a ton of loot you just can’t part with and have to travel it’s a solid option
Horses are good when you need to climb a completely vertical mountainside.
Before survival mode, I just used Arvak to fast travel while over encumbered. After I started playing survival, horses became my main method of long distance transportation, and honestly, it's not that bad.
Arvak is a must have so that you can get those hidden peaks markers at Solstheim easier.
I’m playing for the first time and use my horse constantly. I have three different horse centered mods though plus I’m just used to awful horse mechanics
I just finished the Battle for Whiterun in my current playthrough, in which I have a no fast travel rule. I needed to get to Solitude and the carriage wasn’t present, presumably staying away from the battle, so I had to walk it. On the plains I found the Red Horse from the CC content (I’m playing AE), tamed him, and rode him straight over to Solitude via Labyrinthian. 

I stabled him in Solitude and will probably never ride him again, but he was a real bro for that journey. I wanted to name him ‘Trollslayer’, for the Frost Trolls we took down together in the mountains, but the game automatically named him ‘Thunder’. 

Horses seem more trouble than they’re worth, but I will never forget Trollslayer the Red.
Horses are extremely fun to just ride around in if you don't like to fast travel, and mounted combat is actually pretty useful out in the open. It's a pain to get used to, but mounted archery is a fun challenge for Skyrim veterans.
Constantly! I play in survival mode 
i mostly use shadowmere for roleplaying and mountain climbing purposes. i don't bother buying a horse. i dont even mind the controls i just keep worrying about my horse running off and dying
I play on survival mode. Were it not for horses, I would not survive. 

A frostbite spider can kill me if I'm caught unawares. And fast traveling is not an option. And if I have to get from Solitude to Windhelm, do you think I make a straight line? 

Noooooo...

I have to go directly south into warmer land then head east past Whiterun, where I usually stop to rest for the night, before leaving at about 4am so that by the time I make it back into the snow, heading north east, the sun has risen and it's not as cold. 

And even then, it's still risky business because of all the bandits that just LOVE taking potshots at me.

But hey, when you've got something like 10k hours, you need some spice. Lmao
    Preach
My first death in Skyrim was by horse. I got off him and he killed me mid-combat. So, never unless it's Arvek
God, I wish riding the horses didn't suck. I've been playing survival & the amount of drama I encounter just because the horse riding is so clunky is ridiculous.

Still, there's a certain charm to camping out somewhere with my horse.
Never. I will get on one when over encumbered, but only long enough to fast travel. After 4 years of rdr2, I find the horses in Skyrim to lame.
I never used the horse until I got the convenient horses mod, and now I can't go anywhere without the horse
I used to go everywhere with my horse in my last playthrough but now I'm a khajiit with ring of the wind + the boots from the Gray Cowl of Nocturnal mod so my speed matches the one I had in Oblivion, too bad I can't jump as high
I didn't use them much until I got a mod that makes them run from combat. Simplest horses is the name I think.
Horse archery is pretty dope, and they can be good for role playing reasons... Otherwise, kind of a pita.
Interestingly, I probably spent a considerable amount of time on a horse in Skyrim over the years

I discovered some time ago that the best way to get from Whiterun to Ivarstead is to go through the mountain pass that's close to Helgen, and there always seemed to be a hunter that spawned there with a horse. I killed him and took his horse every time and used it until it died from whatever
Dude, survival mode for me calls for a horse of any kind.
Only when I need to scale the side of a cliff
Only if I want to climb a mountain
Eh I do sporadically
I’ll ride the Dwemer horse everywhere because its indestructible
>summon Arvak for over encumbered fast travel.

He's such a good horse.
I’m too worried about getting my horse killed. Same problem in Breath of the Wild
I do because of survival mode. They are pretty invaluable in this game mode
In survival mode, constantly
Oooh. OOOHOHOHOHO.

You never experienced the fun in running over skeletons in the soul grave while riding Arvak, did you?

Turning vampires and falmer into mincemeat-to-go in Blackreach?

Glitching up the mountains *just because*?

Honey, you're missing something out there!
I've never used a horse. They are janky and awkward.
Before Special/Anniversary Edition, my character rode horses frequently.  (Favoring Shadowmere or Arvak)

With the Fishing Creation (free in special edition), I have not ridden or even mounted any horses.  My character will use a Fortify Illusion + Ring of the Wind (3% chance to fish up any fishing spot) to have whatever character movement speed I want.

Needless to say, there's not much reason to ride horses or climb mountains with them, when the character can run faster and climb mountains better on foot.
Arvak is the only horse I need
I didn't ride horses until I got shadowmere. Lot less stressful if your horse is immortal.

(Btw if he somehow dies he will respawn at the sanctuary.)
You can fast travel on a horse if you’re overencumbered so I’ll use Arvak for that
I use Arvak only when I’m overencumbered. Outside of that I don’t use the mechanic
I would if they didn't fast travel with me everywhere
I use Convenient Horses that makes them way better.
But before playing modded I used them (lets be honest mostly shadowmere) a lot because they are faster than the player, can sprint even faster and of course they can climb anything that is almost vertical while the player cannot.
I gave up on horses. They die every time I come across an enemy and it's just not worth the time or money. Once I get arvak I will take him everywhere though.
The terrain makes it too cumbersome, and access to the carriage makes most travel time less than 10 mins. 

Maybe if I played survival, I'd consider it, but overall I think the ability to navigate terrain on foot makes them useless in 75% of the map.
It's not worth it, you can't gather ingredients and the dismount animation is painful
They are op for traversing mountains
It's only worth it if I have Arvak.
Depends on my play through. 

But I hate the mounted combat.
Only the dark brotherhood horse. They are much too slow.
I hate using horses in general since archery from horses sucks.  My follower picks up all my overburden and sherpas it around skyrim for me. 

I may try to use arvak on this plathrough, though
I use arvak when over encumbered and to get up mountains and that’s it
Yes because they're the easiest way to climb mountains especially if I can't find the path lol 
But also I'm lazy and don't wanna fight everything on the path so horses make that easier
I bought a horse once out of pure curiosity, even built a horse stable for my house... instantly regretted it. It's just so much easier to get around on foot, plus having fast travel makes it obsolete in my opinion. But, I appreciate it being an option for the sake of novelty.
I would if it was less in my full control. Would rather the horse respond to commands and reign pulling. I walk.
Only arvak when I'm on soltsheim, even then I only rode a horse for a hour at most
I just started survival mode and it seems I can’t fast travel so horse is my only option and eating constantly kinda sucks lol
If I could get a horse for my follower thenI  totally would. As it is, it's kind of a rarity but sometimes I do buy a horse.
I use my horse when I am selling my 10,000 weight of potions and enchanted iron daggers, rings, bows, and leather boots. That way I can fast travel and move around the cities easier.
I hardly ever ride a horse, if I need to go somewhere specific (especially if I’m in a hurry) I usually just turn into a werewolf.
I only use shadowmere as my horse
Shadowmere is my horse of choice for 95% of my travelling. Console "resurrect" if he dies. When I know I'll be high up in the mountains, I'll grab the Dwarven horse. Takes no damage...ever. Falls, hits, arrows, nothing bothers it. If it was black, I'd put Shadowmere out to pasture and ride it exclusively.
I only use the summonable one from DLC, real horces either die or get lost.
i have a unicorn that i love .. i ride when i want to love fast or e joy the scenery .. it go over mountains instead of walking around
Not even once lol
I love the unicorn you can catch outside of Winterhold. There's a note or book in the college library, sorry I forget which, to kick off the quest. I have the Anniversary Ed which includes some mods "creations" and I believe that is one of them. The uni is awesome because it cannot die and can usually kill something for me if I run away. And it's a UNICORN.
I ride my boy Arvak
Only when trying to climb a mountain 😂
    Absolutely 😆 Skyrim horses are like mountain goats lol  
I don't even get a horse until the Dark Brotherhood gives you Shadowmere. Why bother riding a mundane horse that can die? A horse that doesn't bubble up out of the ground? Pass.  
  
Even then, I only ride to unlock fast travel points 😁
        I always get the horse from Soul Cairn since you can just summon him whenever lol. I’ve only sided twice with DB (I hate Astrid with a PASSION) so Shadowmere is so meh for me lol.
The only mount I ever used was Arvak, because I don’t think Shadowmare is allowed in the soul cairn. So he’s helpful to travel around faster.
    Arvak I the only horse I use
I really wish it was more fun to do so, but the mechanics really suck. I also wish followers rode a horse alongside you. The mods I’ve toyed with haven’t been to my liking, so… furious running it is!
I don’t use fast travel, apart from the occasional carriage ride every now and then so I tend to spend a lot of time on my horse. I do use mods though that actually makes horses run at a much more realistic speed which makes using them worthwhile.
I got the Unicorn from the Creation Club content and I’ve been riding a bit here and there.
    The unicorn is awesome in Elven armor.... and if you lose it, it just hangs out in the College courtyard... I decided to leave her there.
Dwemer motorcycle is better than horses.
i wish skyrim had better horse mechanics but i also can’t complain when i scale an entire mountain and save myself 10 mins
I travel by horse 90% of the time. The dwarven horse can gallop indefinitely, climb most mountains and jump off any cliff and land safely.
Currently playing as redguard. Play with mod that gives infinite stamina to redguards outside of combat as a racial trait.
I can sprint across the world.
Also have alteration spell that increases player speed from a mod. 
I am speed.
do not need a horse. Enjoying not having the annoying mechanics of horses.
I only use it after using the horse sprinting speed mod tbh, otherwise there's no advantage to it compared to travelling on foot (even Vampire Lord and Werewolf form are faster than vanilla horses).

Also it's pretty annoying having to remember where your horse went (if you dismounted outside of combat zone, or if it jumped into the action with you), I always ended up having to fast-travel by carriage so it'd spawn with me in the new location.
Horses are great in survival if your not going somewhere you can get to via a carriage
Only to climb mountains I haven't discovered fast travel to yet such as throat of the world. Mountains in videogames are such a pain.
i have ptsd from my buddies ps3 copy of skyrim crashing anytime you entered water while on a horse. i just can’t trust them.
Avarak? Constantly. Mortal creatures? Never.
Only arvak when I’m over encumbered, I usually like to pick ingredients and attack animals at will and horses in Skyrim are pretty terrible. I’ve used mods convenient horse and while it’s a lot better it still doesn’t make me want to use a horse.
I’m constantly encumbered so having a horse nearby is convenient as it allows me to fast travel. But they die all the time. This playthrough alone have had like 30 horse deaths. But now I can summon one so doesn’t matter. Not sure why I always leave the vampire quest line for 2nd to last. 
With how clunkly they are I normally just avoid them.

But now in survival a horse is clutch when I need to go anywhere far.
When I have a horse whistle mod, regularly. When I don't have a horse whistle mod, never.

https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/49595  

I'm now about to look for one for Legendary Edition since I can't be arsed to keep Special/Anniversary Edition working under Linux (since it requires using MO2, which is an absolute pain, for me to get SKSE working properly enough that SkyUI will work). :P

edit: Nope. Out of luck. Oh, well.
spent x amount for the first horse. then never used it again :(
I do, but I like playing in survival mode, so they are a true faster way to explore than walking.
I mainly use horses to travel in the Reach.
Horses are my go-to for killing giants at any level.
I used to use horses back on the 360, now I just normal run, fly or speed run with some modded spells from place to place
Even though I play in survival mode, I only really started riding horses some with mods, cause I have one that makes horses faster and another that gives followers horses. But overall, I just don't ride horses unless I'm lazy. Usually I play as an alchemist so I'm not going to stop and dismount every five seconds to gather potions ingredients off the side of the road. Plus if I get attacked by a wolf or bandits or whatever, I have to dismount the horse to fight with both hands and there's always a risk the horse will die. I'd rather not run from every fight cause then I'm running from experience gains. Even with mods its just not worth it. I backpacks and I have a mod that adds waistband pouches that increase my carry weight so I don't need them.
Running doesnt use stamina mod is much better than using a horse
It's the best way to climb a mountainside.
I hop on Shadowmere just long enough to pretend he threw me when he rears up and then go back to hoofing it my own self
Sometimes I have three or four followers (mod).  

We saddle up and lope across the prairie, and woe to any creature or bandit that tries to attack us.
The last time I tried to use a horse, I was trying out horse tilt.. Before that, it was when I first played after release and found out they weren't as good as horses in Oblivion.. Never used them for riding again.

edit: sorry. I tried out shadowmare, then never used them again.
I ride my horse all over the map
I think the only viable horses are either Arvak or the Dwarven machine horse. 

I stopped using horses entirely once I acquired the Ring of the Wind (increases movement speed by 15% by default). Just drink an Illusion potion before equipping it and you'll go much faster. You can even create a resto loop Illusion potion that gives you insane numbers and speed. 

The Ring is quite difficult to obtain though, as you have to fish it with the Dwarven Fishing Rod (regular rod works too but the chance is lower).
Gave it a noble attempt 20 years ago. Never bothered since. Not even with the dwemer mechanical horse.
I usually just walk or run from village to city. Shadowmere quick travels with me but I don't really use him. I'd rather experience the scenery while I travel around with sword NaZEEMS IGNORANCE. WHICH Only DOES 5 POINTS of Stamina damage. Cloud district my arse. 


Also Hail to Ulfric StormCloak the true high king of Skyrim. All you milke drinkers better recognize .
This last play through was the first time ever, and if you think you can climb a mountain at impossible angles, just try it on a horse. Brute forcing your way over a mountain is so easy and fast on a horse.
All the time. I do no fast travel runs so having a horse is essential.
If I’m overencumbered I use a horse to fast travel. That’s it
Pretty much only use avak as I can throw him off a cliff to save a few minutes of finding a safe way down and then just re summon him
I keep a horse around to fast travel when overencumbered and that’s it
Ever since Anniversary, I ride one constantly  


I usually rush the Unicorn because I learned that not only does it have high stamina, it also doesnt die when falling off a cliff(No matter the size) and helps take aggro in large outdoor fights. Its the follow I need, and want.
Disable fast traveling with a survival mod and youll ride them a lot more xD
If it's a trek from the nearest fast travel, shadowmere is good when he can come with you and arvak is good because you can summon him
I only use a horse when I want to force my way up a mountain; I've found it easier to do with them so they become my mountain goat :)
i bought the game for the horses & open world aspect, just happen to enjoy the rest of the game
The only reason why I get a horse is for late game overburdened fast travel.
Best way to get over a mountain lol
I mean… not often. I sometimes ride the DB horse but not that much and pretty much never ride the other horses.
I only steal them when i have to go to an unexplored  location
    ^[Sokka-Haiku](https://www.reddit.com/r/SokkaHaikuBot/comments/15kyv9r/what_is_a_sokka_haiku/) ^by ^Psychological-Mix-90:

*I only steal them*

*When i have to go to an*

*Unexplored location*

---
^Remember ^that ^one ^time ^Sokka ^accidentally ^used ^an ^extra ^syllable ^in ^that ^Haiku ^Battle ^in ^Ba ^Sing ^Se? ^That ^was ^a ^Sokka ^Haiku ^and ^you ^just ^made ^one.
I use horses to climb up mountains instead of using the path up the mountain.
Unless it's Shadowmere or Arvak, hard no.
I actually use horses all the time especially when I'm not fast travelling for immersion purposes. Surprised most people seem to not like them.
All the time. Walking is for peasants.
I installed a mod that affects movement, which also boosts horses speed by a lot, ever since doing that I found horses a lot more useful beyond just mountain climbing, however I still find whirlwind sprint to be faster
I hate it, especially since I use stealth constantly. I pretend horses don't exist and I wander on foot like a nomad or a monk.
In the beginning I used to mount my horse to scale mountain sides if I didn't want to take the long way up, now that I'm endgame almost never. I play console vanilla and the aggro they get towards enemies is annoying so I just avoid all around and fast travel wherever I need and sprint
Mechanics aside, this game is just not well designed for horse travel imo. Yes while the world is big, you can fast travel, and even if you didn't, there is something just much more satisfying and immersive about walking around, taking in the scenery and seeing what dynamic things will happen.

You can still do that with a horse bit I feel it takes you out of it a bit.
Increase your player’s running speed and carrying capacity with mods / cheats, and you ARE the horse. It saves time, and I think makes the game more enjoyable. *Don’t forget to remove fall damage
I use them a lot, but I also play with the Convenient Horses and Horses Simply Turn Better mods. CH lets you add speed to the horse through “training” so it’s not such a chore. And you can use your horse as a storage container for loot as you wander around.
I love using horses. Especially the Dwarven one and Arvak, because they can’t die. My biggest pet peeve with them (except for Arvak) is that they often get lost taking cover when I get in an unexpected fight and it takes me (game) hours to find them back.
I'm on survival mode right now. I am always on Louise Marsh
I thought I had managed to make horses useful with a "faster horses mod", but nothing changed.  


Maybe the load order is wrong.
First time I played, I didn't know about the carriage... I'm not sure anyone is going to remember this, but when you hear the greybeards shout from the mountain range, it used to put a quest marker directly at High Hrothgar. Well, the path isn't exactly clear, I had no idea I was supposed to travel to Ivarstead first to find the trail... I spent **DAYS**, legit maybe WEEKS, trying to climb that mountain on my horse (I was like 12 at the time so give me some slack). I fuckin' did it, eventually. Then in my second play-through, I noticed there was a marker at Iverstead this time, and found the actual path I should have taken the first time.

Anyway, yeah that first playthrough, I rode to every single town on horseback.
Almost not at all. The riding mechanics suck and frankly I can move more quickly on foot anyway.

I do it sometimes for the roleplay, though.
Last play through I rode until my second horse got itself killed just like the first. Death by saber cat. I gave up.
I do ride a considerable amount of horse in this game. But that's because this caveat. I have a pair of modded horses, which are invincible and don't run away from combat. One is even faster than your average vanilla horse (part of Capital Whiterun expansion mod). Their turn radius is still hot garbage, tho.

Beyond Shadowmere I won't use any vanilla horse. Their AI is broken, too easy to kill and still the same janky mechanics.
I ride horses all the time. Granted, I have modded the horses and removed fast travel. If I hadn't done that, I'd never use them.
I hate fast travel, riding a horse is the best. 
Sometimes, I plug in just to ride a horse.
I use the Dark Brotherhood horse thoroughly once its unlocked.
Too expensive for and too weak need them early game but it's between them and the breeze home which if I do it right I have the gold for it so I can store my stuff can't do that with a horse that aggros and dies everytime an enemy shows up I spend more time keeping the equestrian shit alive than is worth it
Only if I'm doing a survival run. Horses just arnt useful but necessary
Not often. I use it in Soul Carin once I learn the spell. Its just so inconvenient without mods.
Quite often, yeah the horse mechanics suck but it gets you places a lot faster, how many horses have I paid for? Well that’s a different question
    Zero. The answer is zero.
I never ride them. 

They're pure garbage.
I only use shadowmere and I take him out with me if I fancy a ride about. Horses spend so much time stamping on things and causing trouble.
I use Aarvark because I play on survival mode so I can’t fast travel places. Just makes getting from place to place a little easier
Never. Controls are awful and I can't PICK UP ALL THE PLANTS.
I only did it for good ole' ***Style Points***
I'll hop in a carriage to get from town to town and if I have him, Arvak to scale steep cliffs or to get myself "unstuck"

The hassle of mounting and dismounting frequently is what keeps me off the horses.
Only ride to travel from town to town. Beyond that, riding is terrible.
Slower than running, worse control than running and have to dismount to fight effectively. Its a nay from me
I can't. Playing with multiple followers mod and Lydia. Just. Won't. Get. Off.

https://preview.redd.it/j89ywl0tt9wc1.png?width=1920&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=5e74e616c332f36a0e2382ce26dd67893c88df85
A better question for me is, early in the game how long will I sit crouched in a stable waiting to steal a horse unseen?
I mean .... I know I've ridden to my hearts content one time, a horse... in skyrim. Lol,
anyways once you get Shadowmere and he's every you are I ended up just saying "f-it" and started to ride him hither and thither since he doesn't leave and if he does I never figured out how to make him go away.
Only horses I like are Shadowmere and Arvak
Yeah I'm the same I hate the horses.
ive started to do it when im actively discovering new locations and dont wanna stop for anything on the way. it just makes traversing roads way faster in some cases. plus, when i have shadowmere, it makes a great quick distraction for dragons. also good for roleplaying, or playing in survival mode where you can't fast travel.
I always use a horse, survival or not. I just think they're cute, even if they're a little annoying. My build never feels complete until my character has their steed (which also has to match their aesthetic, obviously).
I always enjoy riding horseback when I'm over the inventory and just in general,just my luck is horrible keeping one with elements around like dragons,sabercats,wolves and so on trying to kill me when I'm riding over the original pace to walk to each hold like solitude and so on.
i use horses because being overencumbered doesn't count when you're on a horse (so you can still fast travel), which is useful when you're carrying stuff from one house to another and only want to make one trip! X)
Not before, but now I do since i started to play in survival mode
They're great for crossing water in survival since you don't get cold. Plus jump killing randos and wolves and stuff on the road as you pass can't be beat. 
I don't really enjoy the horseback riding. I prefer the stagecoach system for long trips and going on foot for short trips. That said, once I get the Dark Brotherhood horse, I do spend far more time riding around. That horse is epic.
I always use my ponies, they go faster and I can out run almost anything, and it gives me extra health for falling off cliffs
I ride horses except when I go a route that hasn’t had herbs picked yet. I also play survival so saving time where I can because no fast travel is a must.
I ride horses to climb mountains, no other use except additional force for outside battle.
20 hours into my latest playthrough, and you just reminded me horses exist lol
Play survival. You will see.
Horses? Yes i do.   
  
"covenient horses mod" is a **must** have for me.
When I need to, say, climb over a mountain out pops  Arvak and I begin to mountain goat that bitch.
I’m constantly losing my horses. I go into one dungeon and then come out of another side and can’t find my horse and then it becomes time to go buy another horse
I do it a lot because I play Survival Mode, and a lot of places are too far from carriages, too cold to walk through, or both.
Only used the shadow horse and only if it was to get to an undiscovered location
Arvak, when I ‘m carryin heavy
I only play in survival nowadays so yes I usually use horse as soon as I can ! Make travel far more easy, even more with mods that can boost horses.

It’s a pleasure ! I try to stick to roads too
I do use horses but only Shadowmere. But I don't use them too often because, and this speaks to a bigger problem I have with skyrim(My only major complaint). The skyrim map is designed in a way that there are right paths. It's really annoying having to figure out the right path instead of just being able to go where you want. It doesn't add to the experience to have to look at your map and figure out if I have to walk around this mountain to the left or to the right. I really hope ES6 doesn't do that.
I love my horse her name is Eve and we go everywhere together (sometimes she just randomly walks away tho and that’s annoying)
I use them for impatience in mountain crossings
I ride a horse with most of my characters. But then I recently jumped on an old character at lvl 44 to finish his main quest and he has no horse. I figured after that many levels, it must have a role playing choice because he certainly has the funds to replace it if it had died. So I guess I'm walking.
I use em for fast travel while encumbered that's about it and yes I pick up EVERYTHING
I only use deadric horse when i am overloaded or just messing around. Other than that i just run. Got plenty of stamina and regeneration
I like using horses but they're inconvenient to travel with imo. I'm playing a 2H Orc right now with nothing in magicka and said I wouldn't use spells but I'm really considering making an exception for Arvak lol
I've used them from time to time, but one thing I learned is never save and exit Skyrim while on a horse.  When you log back in, sometimes things get really... insane.  Like suddenly you and horse are 12,000 feet up (like you can't make out ground features) and 1) horses in Skyrim don't have wings, and 2) gravity works.  But don't worry, you'll respawn after dying from the last save.  Which was your exit save.  And you get to do it again!
I use it on certain play throughs, depending on the style, but usually prefer hoofing it myself. So much more flexibility with random encounters. Just have to deal with incumbrance.
Hardly ever. I never figured out mounted combat, and if I'm encumbered I just make my companion carry my stuff. When I want a horse is at the start of the game when I can't afford one. Once I've started unlocking fast travel waypoints horses become kind of pointless to me.

It also feels weird to me that I'm riding a horse and my companion just has to run at super sonic speeds to keep up.
Honestly, I don't use horses that much. Occasionally, I'll steal the Whiterun horse to escape the guards, or use a horse to just mess around and try scaling a mountain on one, but other than that the only time I will ride a horse is when I have Arvak. Arvak is the best horse imo. Free, can't really die, and just looks cool as frick. Bought a horse one time and jumped off a small rock with it, and it died, so never gonna buy one of them again haha.
Arvak
I’m in the same boat. I got my own two legs that do the job just fine. Don’t really want to babysit a horse that can go and get itself killed randomly. Also, easier to interact with things on foot.
I play on the survival mode or whatever so horse travel is a necessity
Since I never fast travel - most of the time I'm on my horse.
First thing I buy is a horse. I feel like some parts of the map can’t even be accessed without a horse. You need to find the barely marked path. Or you can just ride a horse at an 80 degree angle up a mountain.
I ride an immortal reindeer.  It’s marked as essential and cannot be killed.  It’s glorious.
I always do when I go see the greybeards the first time. It's more fun to run up the side of the mountain.
Horses are for fast travelling when hauling way over your carry weight 

I mean I race to get the prowlers profit early, so even by level 25-26 (as I am in my current play through) I have many gemstones and 50,000 gold probably, I’m not leaving valuable shiny things in some cave…no matter how heavy it is

Otherwise I’d normally only use a horse early in game, to quickly discover a few places in order to fast travel
If I have Arvak then I use him fairly often because he's there when I need him and is essentially immortal as he can be summoned repeatedly if defeated. He's awesome for faster traveling while overencumbered (summon him and dash home to dump your loot). He's also useful for climbing mountains if you don't see the main path.

Any other horse is mostly only used for mining purposes. I take a horse with me strictly so that I can carry all that back home without slowly crawling home.
Whenever I find my horse, I ride it. It’s just faster when I can’t fast travel
I've lost shadowmere a few times. Now, that fucker is attached to my hip lol. I actually will mount him before I fast travel to lessen the chance of me losing him again. Plus, that son of a bitch can climb mountains wonderfully, lol
Arvak is best mount.
I get the reindeer asap and I ride it constantly.
I've used Arvak to fast travel when overencumbered.  That's about it.
Always. I beeline for the dwarven horse everything. It's just too good.
Great for harder situations and game modes, excellent at scaling sheer walls for fun or convenience, and Arvak/deadric horse can be summoned anywhere at anytime and not have to worry about losing them, death, hauling them around, etc.
I use them, but they’re modded to follow me around, not fight, carry my stuff, and not be killed by anyone but me. Also modded so I can pick ingredients, loot, and converse while mounted. Got a mod so my followers get horses too. In vanilla I only used Shadowmere because he’s essentially unkillable, and I didn’t discover Arvak until very very late game.
Almost never. Last game I used one to haul a bunch of junk from the Tundra Homestead to Lakeview Manor and that was it
Shadowmere is gang busters
I prefer riding a horse over fast traveling unless fast travel is just overwhelmingly convenient (i.e. Alduin’s Bane, going to see the jarl, going back to see the greybeards). I admit it’s a little slow and I like it to be faster. I just put in forceav speedmult 180 and setav stamina 99999 and it makes it more convenient and enjoyable for me.
I dont ride horses as you cant pick ingredients up. Why i need ingredients with a 6x legendary alchemy skill is beyond me but god damnit i need more torchbug thorax
I hate fast travel as a crutch for having a boring world, so I use several mods that add in interesting events, sights, and encounters along the roads and ride horseback to feel like the world is more alive. Plus survival mods like a few others have mentioned.

My horse does run a bit faster and has significantly more stamina, because constantly running out of stamina after 5 seconds of it running is dumb, especially on longer treks.
I rode the ones from the cc, but once one acquires the boots of blinding speed, they (horses) become a forgotten concept.
Hardly ever i encounter too many enemies along the way to ride a horse and its hard to hit targets on a horse without the house dying or leaving you falling on your face because it despawned right below you

The only thing i use the horse for is to fast travel while over encumbered(over weight) this is done by getting on the horse before fast traveling so them horse summon spells come in handy as a real horse sometimes isn't around when you need it
I’ll steal horses sometimes and ride them until the horses get killed
Almost never.
Playing on Legendary difficulty and Survival, I pretty much do not move without my horse. I also always use a mod called Convenient Horses. A must have mod tbh
Well i rode shadowmere. you get IT during the DARK brotherhood (IT IS Immortal. When she dies, she respawns 10 days later)


I didn't used fast travel that much. The Game has a great Terrain and so many Things to See, so i was Walking and Riding
I do when I plan to climb some hills, otherwise sprint sprint sprint whirlwindsprint sprint sprint
I stopped riding them after they kept crashing the game. The only reason to use them is to climb mountains
Almost never until I downloaded [Convenient horses](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/14950). Vanilla horses are the worst.
I go for a trot from time to time. Sometimes in haste to escape an untimely demise
I ride three horses; my left leg, and my right leg.



Jokes aside, I stopped riding horses when I stopped using followers; they get in the way, and die too easily.
As a vanilla only player, I'd use them more often if there was an indicator for where they are. I always lose them and then randomly stumble upon them like 40 playtime hours later.
Shadowmere is life!
It’s a thing people don’t do??
Horses are the ATVs of Skyrim. I ride thick Shady up the Throat of the World every playthrough.
I play with Survival Mode, so mounts are a necessity. No fast travel really transforms the game. I have to rely on carriages and telaportation spells if I want to fast travel.
Never really but I do ride shadowmere to the dawnstar sanctuary on that quest but that’s all the horse riding I do really
There was a time when i played with mod, that added conjurable spectral horse. But lately i just use TMM1, and teleport around.
I'm with you. Bought a horse early in my first playthrough outside Whiterun, rode down to that mine at the base of High Hrothgar on the Whiterun side, then a bandit killed my horse. That was 2016, and the only other times I've touched a horse were for that one quest for Sibbi Black-Briar in Riften.

The horse controls just do not appeal to me in the slightest. Skyrim feels much better on foot than on horseback. Though, it doesn't help that I shimmy my way over obstacles instead of going around them most of the time lol
If I'm traveling across the map, I like the roleplay of using my horse and setting it to auto-walk. I have my followers set to ignore combat if I'm on my horse with my weapon sheathed. Only works for my khajiit follower, not my animals, but it helps stop him from running off and killing every animal we come across. Otherwise, my horse is just a mobile chest I store all my stuff in. They're also really helpful to get away from bad situations, at least with the convenient horses mod, so I can make them a bit faster, and call them over to me with a whistle. I'd lose many more dragon battles without a horse to help me avoid attacks.
I use them most of the time I travel the road. My current mod pack licentia makes the horses faster too
I use horses I can summon. Unless you have a farm or home (and even then) the horse mechanics are kind of annoying. They would get lost all the time. The ones you can summon (e.g. Arvak, Daedric) are great. Bam you have a horse 💥 

I use them for exploring regularly.
I ride a horse instead of fast travelling everywhere. I like the scenery and the random encounters. 😁
Riding a horse for me is about early game encumbered loot transportation. Even that though is just hopping on and fast traveling. The only real riding I do is short cuts over mountains and such to get to a known location that I haven’t discovered on the map yet
Once I tame the unicorn or put together the Dwarven horse I'll ride all the time, because they're basically immortal and it's a fun way to get around. I don't like riding regular horses because they're likely to be killed in combat and it gives me the sads. (Also, Arvak).
I like riding a horse but I hate that they fast travel EVERYWHERE with me, and my followers don't get one. Too many limitations so I just don't do it much.
I do now that I play survival mode but I rarely did before that
    ^[Sokka-Haiku](https://www.reddit.com/r/SokkaHaikuBot/comments/15kyv9r/what_is_a_sokka_haiku/) ^by ^RetroSciFiSongbird:

*I do now that I*

*Play survival mode but I*

*Rarely did before that*

---
^Remember ^that ^one ^time ^Sokka ^accidentally ^used ^an ^extra ^syllable ^in ^that ^Haiku ^Battle ^in ^Ba ^Sing ^Se? ^That ^was ^a ^Sokka ^Haiku ^and ^you ^just ^made ^one.
Play without fast travel… then we can talk
There are horses?
Arvak is the only horse I use and usually only when over encumbered.
I play survival, so if I’m not using a carriage I’m using a horse.
I used to, because I had Convenient Horses and it would let you double their speed. Now, I can run faster than they can.
On a horse I can’t pick ingredients, can’t fight, can’t get into small spaces, can’t loot

It’s usually just a faster walking speed across the map but honestly I’d rather just walk instead of hopping off and on every few feet to fight wolves or pick flowers
I use it to get to mountain stuff. I have something against roads (often miss them) and horse is only thing in this game that can handle climbing. I miss levitation and jump spells.
I've only ever really used Arvak once i got him. But only cuz he's a beautiful model
I like to steal horses and drop them off in random places
I only use a horse when carrying too much crap. Then I summon a daedric horse. That way, I don't have a horse following me everywhere.
Convient Horses is a must for me. Being able to chuck all my junk on the horse and carry on means I don't have to go home/town as often.
Only with convenient horses mod
On survival, they’re really helpful and will appear at the stables after you get your carriage to the next city. Enemy archers may also hit the horse instead of you, saving you precious health points and time when recovery is limited in survival mode.
How do you not ride them? Only way to fast travel while over encumbered
I've been using a horse since I started the game. At first, I tried to steal the horse in whiterun, but I learned the hard way not to do that. But after I found a wild horse for the first time I've been using a horse to travel just about everywhere.
How *else* are you going to go up that 89° wall? Levitation? That shit's banned, nobody tells you how to do it.
I never buy it, don't care about it
I’ve ridden Arvak and Shadowmere a few times. Prob not very much. Horses weren’t much help for my personal play style.
In the early game horses are very useful to get from point a to point b but after you've unlocked some fast travel spots then horses are kinda useless.
Horses are handy i always try to bring one with me even if i have to steal one rarely
They take some time to learn how to ride effectively, but once you get past that, they are pretty good.

They are an extra tank in battle (if you have Shadowmere), although they do get in the way a lot.

They make it easier to climb steep mountains.

Their sprint is much faster than Dragonborn's sprint, and it lasts longer. 

If you are overencumbered, you can still ride and sprint.
I use horses quite a lot and my favorite is shadowmeer and it's actually a female but she is very reliable just like a good pickup truck and she'll fight a dragon .
Almost never
 They are too slow
I only use horsed in survival mode.
I’m the same way! I never ride a horse anywhere. I also prefer to go solo, except in situations where they force a follower on you. It seems like all they ever do is get in the way!
Survival is the only real way for me to enjoy Skyrim. Lethal, fast combat, and hampering to slow my progression.
Literally everywhere. I don’t fast travel. I love my stupid Skyrim horses.
I don't use fast travel. I always install convenient horses mod then ride all the Skyrim on the horse
The only time I rode a horse was when I got shadowmere, had to climb on to finish the objective.
Now, no matter what I do he pops up after each time I fast travel and I can't get rid of him 😂
I always use horses. Just love riding around and enjoying the scenery.
I ride the horse everywhere, but i have the mod 'convenient horses' you can level up the horse, with speed etc, cannot die, you can store stuff in the horse bag, you can change armor or saddle. You can call your horse.
There’s horses?
I found that you can use horses to glitch out of bounds of basically any interior cell, super handy for escaping cities, and accessing hidden chests. At least it works on Switch.
I only use horses early game when there isn't a lot of places to fast travel to

And even then I'm usually quick to get aarvak or shadowmere
I ride when I have to travel somewhere new on the map and I don't feel like exploring on the way. Plus, I have the Unicorn mount DLC and that makes my inner fairy princess very happy.
I only ride them when I'm having a hard time getting through the terrain or I'm feeling impatient and just want to climb straight up the side of a mountain to my objective.
I like horses but I like the rpg part of Skyrim, so I like houses and horses and kids. I like riding them it feels right
Arvak is my favorite. I mean how can you say no to a black skeletal horse with a purple flame mane
I ride horses when I want to climb a mountain.
I only do it by horse unless its a really tricky terrain.

I have a 1st perdon mod for horses and to see my body, and that is amazing.
REALLY USEFUL FACT ABOUT HORSES:
When you are full of stuff and can't run, just hop on a horse and you can fast travel.

(I don't use them much anyway)
What, you never spent time with shadowmere or arvak? 
I really liked arvak, cause it was basicly transport on demand, used fast travel way less everytime i got the spell, never really played survival, but could deffintly see a big reason to use a horse there.
My first playthrough was on master difficulty later legendary difficulty with survival on. Due to that fast travel was disabled so naturally I have like 10 hours out of my 300 maybe even more on my horses alone
I’m playing survival and horseback riding is a must. One of the first quests I did was the creation club quest that gets you a demonic horse you can summon. I would have gone with Arvak in the soul cairn, but I would have had to progress too far through the Dawnguard storyline for something else I was trying to do. 

So I exit a dungeon and immediately summon my horse. Take the carriage somewhere and immediately summon my horse. The horse comes out right away. He is also a tank and a great damage sponge for Legendary
Frost is my Hero
I’m a shadowmere guy. DB was my first ever faction that I completed in an ES game. 

Just love the lil guy
    Death horse is best horse. Who wouldn't want an immortal steed that pops out of a dark puddle on the ground?  
  
I don't even care about the Brotherhood, but it's always my first faction, because I refuse to ride a mundane horse lol
The only time I use a horse is when I need to scale a mountain
from the moment I saw it was required janky 3rd person I never touched it in vanilla.
Only the rare times on my playthroughs that I use survival mode so I can get between destinations before I freeze to death. And generally even then I prefer either Arvak or the Deadric horse since they go away when you dismount. If there is a way to leave your horse at home I've never been able to figure it out. Also, mounted combat is crap in this game so if I get ambushed while on horse-back I either have to run away or get pummeled while trying to dismount and counter.
I don’t like fast traveling, so I’ll often take a horse especially if my current playthrough isn’t magik based
I tried horses, but after short time opted for werewolf form as my form of long travel
Only in survival. If I do ride a horse in vanilla, it's arvak in the soul cairn
I like the horse you can summon.  Usually I don't like being on horseback, as it makes it harder to collect alchemy ingredients
I rarely did. It's great early on when finding new locations, after that, a huge amount of fast travel as it's free. Even after getting the free horse off the brotherhood, I still fast travel.
Never, not once since launch(1770hrs + 800 in legendary)
I uses horses to climb mountains I probably shouldn't be able to climb.
I use them once in a blue moon on a normal run. On a no fast travel run, I use them all of the time.
I’ve been playing with a modlist that has no fast travel unless you use a travel pack which early game are pretty expensive and even where I’m at in the game aren’t super common. 

At first I was thinking I was going to hate no fast travel, but having no fast travel and using carriages to get around the map has really changed how I play the game. It has been a tremendously fun experience. I feel really connected to Riverwood(way more than I ever have) and Whiterun because I spent the first 10 or so hours basically in that area and that area alone. 

Obviously it is a role playing thing that has made the game feel completely different, but I’ve been pretty attached to my horse. Started out as fairly low endurance weak stead and now he’s super fast and endurance for days. 

The horse has opened up the world to me, but not having fast travel has made the horse a must for me.
My reindeer and I climb any mountain we can face (and stands between me and an objective)
I ride the skeleton horse and the dark brotherhood one from time to time because they vanish and appear on command. The other ones wander or get lost.
I never use horses. I limit my mods, and vanilla horse AI is way too aggressive for their level of combat effectiveness.
I dig Arvak. Nothing says "Death's a coming" like riding in on a skeletal, spectral horse that can be conjured anywhere. 

Horses also help you get over mountains. Added plus.
Yes. Fast and can climb up stuff pretty easily. + if you have dwarf horse or something it makes combat in legendary mode rlly easy bczu enemies have such a hard time hitting you. Makes low levels a lot less cancer to get through
I can't play without horses.
I'm only planning on doing that with my Bosmer... but she'll ride an antelope instead.
Yeah. When I disable fast travel.
A shit ton. But playing on survival. It makes way more sense there.

Actually, I’m infamous in Skyrim for horse theft; casually stealing the first one I see whenever I need to go somewhere faster. The 50 coin fine is so worth it
I didn't used to, but mods made them useable.
i always use a horse because i never fast travel. Too immersion breaking.
Map is too small to ride unlike other games like RD2. You miss a bunch of crap because you are going too fast riding at default horse trotting speed. It's janky when you try to dismount after getting into combat. It's weird riding while your companions walk. If you have a mod for your companions to ride, it's buggy at the most and crowded like crazy at the least. I collect horses and leave them all at my farm using CH to make them stay put.
At least when I know I am gonna spend a long time travelling on a road, or in a straight line, riding makes it more fun. Clop Clop. Also just today Frost helped me fight an invisible vampire I almost gave up on because I couldn't see her but he kept attacking. Horse senses. They're pretty good at finding the next closest enemy, although they also have a talent for getting in your way.
I use them quite often but what annoys me is that I can't leave them for example at the stable or at my house that i can build
I need a couple mods for ~15% more movement speed and some saddle bags, but yeah, I ride a horse around Skyrim.
I use them now than I used to. When I started playing survival I gained a new appreciation for horses.
I use the dev horse "Karinda" (player.placeatme 0005F865 1) she's immortal & has no garner placed on her stamina.
I do, but I’d use them more if they weren’t so inconvenient. Mods help a little, but it’s not as smooth as the Witcher 3.
Once I found it I prefer the Dwarven Horse, pretty much kill proof
    Almost forgot that one. It is pretty good.
I did like 5 times in the beginning. Once I could fast travel to most far away points, never rode one again.
Stolen horses just at the beginning of the game because I'm lacking fast travel points
I like them, but I could do without the whole issue of losing them every time they go running off after some mud crab and disappear. The inability to locate your horse or call them has always annoyed me and they don’t always spawn when you fast travel back to a stable.
    Yeah, they really should have had a "horse whistle" spell....
I play a modpack called "Gate to Sovengarde", and it's incentivised by the game to ride horses, you gain skill points and perks like, riding faster, using less stamina, recovering more hunger from food, etc..

I love this mechanic actually
I've wondered the same thing.  Seems like the few times I've ever bothered with a horse it was more work not losing it.
apart from shadowmare the goat, the amount of times on new saves for remote areas and scaling mountains
Always. I ride my horse year round.
This was even worse in Oblivion with the crazy running speed you could achieve with the athletics skill.
Do you consider Arvak a horse? I am playing in survival mode and a good horse, Arvak or Shadowmere, imo are the best horses and I use them often.
Considering I have the Convenient Horses mod, I ride all the time. I just seek out a wild horse, level it up to 10, rinse and repeat. I have a nice little pasture behind my main player home for the horses to graze.
My entire party rides horses! Sometime up to 6 of us are all on horseback traveling across Skyrim like kangs! I don't like fast travel or carts, so horses are a good alternative to walking.
I did when I had Shadowmere just because he’s cool and I couldn’t fast travel everywhere at that point
I ride Arvak and Shadowmere, exclusively. 

I don't like my horses to die. 

But they are great for climbing steep mountains
I play with mods. The spell Thundering Hooves makes horses actually worth riding.
10-20 minutes a very long time ago. Also werewolf form is ultimate travelling solution besides fast travel 😎
I do, but only with Convenient Horses mod
First time I rode a horse in the game I rode it off a cliff... haven't rode one sense
I rarely do. They’re way too slow, compared to Oblivion. I really wish they’d given us the same choice of horses in Skyrim. Cheydinhal horses were extremely fast, and of course Shadowmere in Oblivion was insane.
I just use horses to fast travel when I'm overweight
I ride everywhere, even fast traveling...
Horses can die and it makes me sad. If I go to the Soul Cairn (unlikely on most of my characters) and complete the quest (I think I've done it twice ever), then I will ride a horse basically everywhere.
First playthrough ps3, quite a bit. Mostly to climb unclimbable mountains when i couldnt find the path. Not so much since.
I’ve started doing it more as I’ve hoarded more and more useless stuff
I usually just use them to move big loads,they get killed too often, instead of running from a bear or other creature they attack.
I do. I use horses in every game that has horses as long as they don't suck too much. 

I'm not fan of using fast traveling. To me it takes away immersiveness and when playing RPG, that is important to me.
And running/walking to everywhere with all stuff I have is not realistic, or as fun. Riding is more realistic way to move (As long as not abusing Skyrim horses ability to walk almost everywhere) and they are pretty damn good too.
I do all the time, and I actually enjoy the mounted combat. Nowadays I also have mods to tweak them better but I have ridden since the beginning.
Well unicorn is a pretty great horse along with shadowmere and I use them almost every playthrough, specifically unicorn
I did a couple of playthroughs where I used horses.  They are vital for Survival Mode, but otherwise I find them not worth the hassle.

Usually I just don't have one.  Too many drawbacks, not enough positives.
I downloaded a realistic movement mod that made horses move a lot faster so now I ride them frequently
A lot, actually. I don't fast travel often and it beats walking/running
My first play through I found a horse in Riverrun, figured I would ride to Whiterun, got attacked by wolves, couldn’t figure out how to fight from horseback so I dismounted, was really pleased to see the horse helping me kill the wolves, but then accidentally hit the horse and it turned on me with one wolf still alive!! I was running in circles over and under the bridge trying to kill the last wolf (successful) while dodging a very angry horse (unsuccessful)!! Until Shadowmere MUCH later in the game, I refused to ride another horse!!!

It was actually quite funny looking back at it!!!
🤣😂🤣😂
Yea because I can fast travel when I have too much in my bags.
I ride my boy Arvak when I am overburdened or trying to climb a mountain.
Listen, I somehow ended up with all the creation club content when I got Skyrim for Switch. And then I got a UNICORN. 
A. 
UNICORN. 
I tamed it and named it and gave it armor. She’s my best bud and we kill trolls together. If you don’t think I’m gonna use every chance I can to ride my majestic mythical unicorn… you must be playing starfield.
When you're over encumbered you're not this choosey.
I think the problem with horses in Skyrim is that they have like one speed. They’re either too slow to be useful or too fast to enjoy scenery
Horses are great to explore with
I pretty much only ride after I get Arvak.   He's a great horse. 

But I generally walk.  Seems like if I ride, a dragon swoops down and kills the dang horse.
Lol I play with a +99 speed mod I can run faster than a horse gallops.
I do but rarely. For the most part I just run on foot because I'm constantly picking up ingredients or hunting wildlife. Also it's kinda annoying trying to find my horse after fighting a few bandits or a dragon. Sometimes my horse gets in my way in combat because it's trying to help me and accidentally gets killed.
On hardcore mod requiem no fast travel. So alot! 80% of my time played in skyrim was with hardcore mods.
I only use the one from dark brotherhood. Can he even die? I don't even mean to bring him sometimes. I'm a werewolf with 30k+ bounties in three holds so if I want to go fast I just transform
Horses in Skyrim suck unless you use the Convenient Horses mod. I only use horses if I plan for my character to have horsemanship as a skill.
Every time I get on a horse I get annoyed.
Arvak is the best.
    Best reason to go to the soul cairn.  I hate that place.
        I like the trader guy, I just get spell books from him, and I get some good ones.
            There's a trader there? Thousands of hours and didn't know that
                He doesn’t take gold, only those stupid husk things… I spent like half hour on my first playthrough getting 25 of them so I can get a (hopefully new) spell tome… he gave me flames…
                    Save before selling him the husks. The tomes are random, after all.
                    >I spent like half hour 

Only half an hour? Those are rookie numbers! You've gotta pump those numbers up!
                    He sells you items based on your level. At some point despite what the wiki says, he has a chance to trade daedric weapons (i think lv50+). However, you probably got your hands on some deadric stuff at that point already.
                        I’m pretty sure I was around level 35-40 when I got flames from him, but yeah by that level daedric stuff should be spawning anyways.
                Same
        Necklace is amazing as well
            What necklace?
                Necklace of St Jiub 50 stamina and 50 carry weight
                    Oh yeah I love that thing.
    Who's Arvak?
        A spectral horse you can get in the soul cairn. Super convenient as he can be summoned wherever whenever via a conjuration spell.
            Yeah, that’s true, no biggie, but it is a bit annoying to me how he immediately disintegrates after you dismount.
                Yeah sucks for looting stuff or hopping off to fight but it doesn’t take a lot of magika to summon him so it’s never been too much of a problem
                    Yeah, it is good to have so you don’t have to spend a thousand gold coins on a horse.
                        If I don’t do the Dawnguard quest immediately, I do the dark brotherhood one, Shadowmere is nice and tanky and he can respawn.
                            She*

Shadowmere is a mare. 

But yes. She's by far my favourite horse to have. Even in Oblivion. I always speedran the DB questline. 

Aside from the constant supply (as well as a giant pile of) gold, you got quite a few decent items from doing the challenges in the missions you were sent on, and all you "lost" was a +5 luck buff for a few hours after touching a statue... Not a great loss, really, since you got better from the quests. 

And Shadowmere. Back then, you could kill her, put a load of loot on her corpse, then wait a few minutes and she'd stand right back up. Get to base, drop off all your loot in invent, kill her, loot everything else back again... And then wait for her to rez and off you go again!
                                Interestingly enough, Shadowmere is referred to (by Astrid) as male in Skyrim.  In Oblivion the horse is a mare though.
                                I never had the heart to do that carry weight hack lol but I do love Shadowmere.
                            Shadowmere! Forgot about him, I lost him while riding Frost. I just remembered I think if he dies or gets lost he respawns by the pond.
                                Yeah. Some sources say he should fast travel with you, so if you’re running survival, maybe turn it off for a second, jump to the nearest point (so it won’t really count) and turn survival back on, he should hopefully be there.
                        I've only ever stolen a horse or rode shadowmere
            Cool! Is this in the vanilla game? I can't believe I didn't know about it! I will have to do the dawnguard quest now.
                It’s part of the dawnguard questline no mods necessary.
                    Yayyy. I've never played through Dawnguard before
                        You’re in for a treat. I prefer Dragonborn, but Dawnguard introduces some of the most interesting characters in Skyrim IMO and you get to meet 🥰😍 Serana 😍🥰
            AE also has the "summon daedric horse" spell you get from the quest "The Cause."
    The daedric horse is nice too
        The unicorn is my personal favorite, and a great battle companion with high health stats. He'll tank a full dragon assault without flinching and deal a good amount of damage to boot
    Such a good horse
Yeah this is also why I stopped using horses as them dying soon after fast travelling anywhere got real annoying real quick
    Early on, I fast traveled to Winterhold and the ice wraiths killed my horse. Reload, same thing.  Had to ditch him because he was a good boy and didn't deserve to die.  I like to think he was thankful that I worked hard to spare his life.
If you get the mod, oblivious horses, then they’ll run away from combat and have a way higher chance of surviving anything
    I didn’t know this!!!
    I got a mod called better horses and I've never had one die. I even have a mod that will sometimes spawn 4-6 dragons at a time in an area and get caught up there fast travelling, spend 30min or more in a fight for my life and still never lost one. The downside is sometimes they run so far away I can't find them again unless I fast travel to bring them back
I wish there was a mod for horses that gives them companion dialogue menu like Pets of Skyrim. It’ll also make more sense if horses could carry some of your shit lol
    From memory they have their own encumbrance so can carry you even if you're carrying too much stuff - up to a point
Such a good horse
Yep. I made the mistake of buying a horse for goldenhills in one of my playthroughs. Had to run damn near all the way to gjukar's monument before fast traveling if I didn't want the damn thing popping up on the side of a mountain with me.
    You can armor that horse at a stable I think
With the AE you have a lot of options but yeah. I commented on a post that if you have the restoration perk to restore stamina you barely need a horse and can just sprint nonstop. I just did that on solstheim to get around since I didn't have Arvak yet
Love arvak only problem is I have to go into the soul carn and I very rarely play magic builds
Armor helps horses survive - but prob not against a dragon.  

And Arvak can be summoned on Solstheim!  :D
What do you mean super dangerous? Just curious what kind of experience you have set up. Sounds fun
    Posted the link to my reply so I'm not spamming the thread 👍🏿

https://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/s/JxBWxfsRQe
Agree with all this. I play legendary survival - no mods, and in that, your horse becomes one of your most important survival tools. In addition to what's been listed here, horses will help you fight and are scaled to the difficulty, unlike your Dragonborn. Horses will often alert you to hostiles before you notice them. And I think most importantly, they can get you out of a freezing environment you weren't prepared for before you freeze to death.
    I didn’t realize they’re scaled!
        Indeed. Followers are also scaled to difficulty. Essentially, everyone but you ~~and your conjurings~~. When I start legendary, I grab Faendal ASAP so that I don't get wrecked by wolves trying to gather materials to craft my starting gear. He is way stronger than I am at the start.

Edit: struck out an error
I'm also curious about the "dangerous" part. Is it just a high difficulty level?? 

Horses really are a life saver sometimes when overencumbered.
    For me, I increase difficulty through mods, as I feel like the bethesda difficulty switch just turns enemies into tanks, so its artificial difficulty.


I add more enemies through mods like:

- hand placed enemies

- lupinus

- vampire attacks (cant remember the real name sorry)

- skyrim at war


I change the way NPCs behave with mods like:

- wild world

- followers go on a trip

- immersive citizens

-better vampire NPCs

-HERO


I change the balance of gameplay through mods like

- fatality (wildcat or vigor are also good)

- improved AI detection hardcore

- no respawning guards

- no essentials morrowind style

- truly deadly poisons

- ELFX Hardcore

- EMILI

- Masterly

- sos Ahst mulaag


Finally, I sprinkle all that with realism mods like ars mettalica, an orphange, better spell learning, etc.


All this serves to make the game fairly punishing when it comes to combat, with no way to cheese out dubs. I also tend to play permadeath. With death being a real threat for me and all NPCs, it makes me 1) want to actually be a hero as failure has real consequences and 2) gives me a sense of urgency to complete quests to safen up skyrim.

Also dont think those are all the mods. Just some of my favs.
Also helps you climb mountains when you go the direct route
Why would being a mage change whether or not you ride a horse
    No mounted combat
        It's weird how you can't cast spells on horseback but can shoot arrows.
    I'm doing my first full mage (and survival) playthrough, I'm preferring to stay off horseback as I can use restoration magic to get stamina back so it's easy to run endlessly and it's quicker to respond to threats when I'm already off my horse.
Which mods are you using to make it dangerous like that ?
    Posted the link to my reply so I'm not spamming the thread 👍🏿

https://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/s/JxBWxfsRQe
        Thank you !
Survival mode increases horse stonks by a huge degree. Absolutely loving my horse, and so glad the wild horses cc gave me one for free lol
    The wild horses cc is goated af for survival mode. Good luck on finding the rest!!
        Wild Horses is great, but I still say Arvak is the best horse.
            I like Summon Daedric Horse.   It looks cooler to me.
        Problem with Wild Horses is that they are all exactly the same (except for the Unicorn, obviously), so you're set for life once you get the one just outside Whiterun.
            The dwarven one doesn’t run out of stamina.
                The Dwarven Horse isn't part of Wild Horses, however, which is the CC being talked about in this part of the thread. And it's certainly a helluva lot more difficult to get than just hopping on a horse just outside of Whiterun a few times.
                    It isn’t? Huh. Haven’t delved too much into the new content, been playing other stuff for a while as well and less focus has been on Skyrim. Good to know, but yeah, the amount of times I’ve stolen that whiterun horse…
Yeah, was going to say the same. Horses are actually pretty useful in survival mode. Both because of the slight nerf to carry weight and stamina penalties due to cold and hunger. And because you can't fast travel, horses become a way more viable option
Horses don’t freeze in water
These herbs aren’t going to pick themselves
indeed
Better Third Person mod allows that, but damn thing is somehow conflicting with faster hdt-smp and causing game to crash 😔
    I'm but a humble peseant too greedy to limit his mods but too dumb to get them to work together (console) so I haven't played much with mods. 

But I do like me a mod that allows me to see my entire person and not just my back and up
I once made my horse jump down what I thought was a small 5 foot drop

It was like 30. The horse died, my DB barely survived.

My brother still doesn't let me forget over 10 years later

Now I baby my horses in every game I have one (*cough*RDO*cough*)
    The rdr2 horse mechanics are revolutionary
        The horse balls
            “Why are all of your horses male?”
“No reason….”
    the only horse I ever have in my games is Shadowmere. I always make it essential via console asap.
        Either shadowmere (for his tanky health and respawn ability back at the falkwreath Sanctuary) or Arvak (due to him being summonable)
This! It’s just not a fun gameplay mechanic. I got shadowmere and he looks cool, but still annoying
That's why you set your horse to walk and not sprint down the mountain. Or just don't cheese the games traversal because you don't feel like walking up the throat of the world correctly... Just saying. Horses work correctly when used correctly...
    They work "correctly", sure. But they're just not a big leap from walking or sprinting everywhere. My point was only one of many mentioned in just this thread. Dismounting is cumbersome as is fighting. Fast traveling just to have your horse appear can be an issue. Often they go agro when they should have ran.  

Convenient horses and other mods fix a lot of this, but still, "correctly" the base game horses just aren't great, especially early game (when they're most useful) as riding is a good way to miss POIs.

Edit: all the above is before getting into the companion issues.
        Idk, I only play survival so I can't FT, and I only use my horse from point A-B traversal using mainly only roads for travel for RP purposes. The only time I ever had issues was trying to cheese the mountain tops. Plenty of uses for horses imo. They work better than some cars did in cyberpunk on launch day, that's for sure.
            Yeah. I'm really not trying to hate. The world is definitly better with them especially modded. But I just rarely use them except in survival.
    It’s a Bethesda game, none of it works “corrrectly”
        You're right my bad. "It just works"
Not to mention that AE somehow just fucked it up entirely. Even before I installed any mods and just had CC (which I got rid of recently), the game stalls constantly. After getting rid of CC, it still stalls. I can ride a horse consistently for maybe 10 seconds before it freezes for about 30. It's annoying as hell and I can only guess it has something to do with the horse armor add on (which I never even used)
I’m the same way. Going to a new place near markarth? I’m gonna steal a horse and rock climb in a b-line straight for my objective.
Ah, so I'm not alone? I really love to do so to de-stress after a long day working. The landscapes are so beautiful to enjoy...
Me too. Skyrim is my escape world. I ramble all over the place on my horse. This playthrough is the first time I've armored my horse (don't have Shadowmere yet) and it hasn't died so far.
You’ve got two empty halves of coconut, and your banging them together!!
Good old Arvak. It’s either him or Shadowmere for me.
    I could never get on the Arvak train, couldn't do it to Shadowmere.
        Ah, but he’s summonable. Really nifty at times when you need an instant mount. But Shadowmere is a great steed.
How fast can I get to Riften to get Frost..... I hate my stolen horses wandering away.
ya the horses In vanilla Skyrim kinda suck.
    Frost is pretty good. Shadowmere even better. You can abuse wait to recharge stamina on long journeys.
There really should be a "Nope!" From the horse when you're about to yee-haw to your death.

This is what the rearing animation was \*meant* for :/
There’s a unicorn?! I have 800+ hours in this game…
    Yeah! It was added with the creation club content you get with the anniversary edition :) if you have it, go to the arcaneum (cant spell it) and look on the desk beside the telekinesis arrow book. From there, you just go to Riften, hang a left like you're going to blackbriar lodge, and you'll find it in that little valley area between them. Just at the bottom of that hill. Hope that helps!
Preach
Absolutely 😆 Skyrim horses are like mountain goats lol  
I don't even get a horse until the Dark Brotherhood gives you Shadowmere. Why bother riding a mundane horse that can die? A horse that doesn't bubble up out of the ground? Pass.  
  
Even then, I only ride to unlock fast travel points 😁
    I always get the horse from Soul Cairn since you can just summon him whenever lol. I’ve only sided twice with DB (I hate Astrid with a PASSION) so Shadowmere is so meh for me lol.
Arvak I the only horse I use
The unicorn is awesome in Elven armor.... and if you lose it, it just hangs out in the College courtyard... I decided to leave her there.
^[Sokka-Haiku](https://www.reddit.com/r/SokkaHaikuBot/comments/15kyv9r/what_is_a_sokka_haiku/) ^by ^Psychological-Mix-90:

*I only steal them*

*When i have to go to an*

*Unexplored location*

---
^Remember ^that ^one ^time ^Sokka ^accidentally ^used ^an ^extra ^syllable ^in ^that ^Haiku ^Battle ^in ^Ba ^Sing ^Se? ^That ^was ^a ^Sokka ^Haiku ^and ^you ^just ^made ^one.
Zero. The answer is zero.
^[Sokka-Haiku](https://www.reddit.com/r/SokkaHaikuBot/comments/15kyv9r/what_is_a_sokka_haiku/) ^by ^RetroSciFiSongbird:

*I do now that I*

*Play survival mode but I*

*Rarely did before that*

---
^Remember ^that ^one ^time ^Sokka ^accidentally ^used ^an ^extra ^syllable ^in ^that ^Haiku ^Battle ^in ^Ba ^Sing ^Se? ^That ^was ^a ^Sokka ^Haiku ^and ^you ^just ^made ^one.
Death horse is best horse. Who wouldn't want an immortal steed that pops out of a dark puddle on the ground?  
  
I don't even care about the Brotherhood, but it's always my first faction, because I refuse to ride a mundane horse lol
Almost forgot that one. It is pretty good.
Yeah, they really should have had a "horse whistle" spell....
Best reason to go to the soul cairn.  I hate that place.
    I like the trader guy, I just get spell books from him, and I get some good ones.
        There's a trader there? Thousands of hours and didn't know that
            He doesn’t take gold, only those stupid husk things… I spent like half hour on my first playthrough getting 25 of them so I can get a (hopefully new) spell tome… he gave me flames…
                Save before selling him the husks. The tomes are random, after all.
                >I spent like half hour 

Only half an hour? Those are rookie numbers! You've gotta pump those numbers up!
                He sells you items based on your level. At some point despite what the wiki says, he has a chance to trade daedric weapons (i think lv50+). However, you probably got your hands on some deadric stuff at that point already.
                    I’m pretty sure I was around level 35-40 when I got flames from him, but yeah by that level daedric stuff should be spawning anyways.
            Same
    Necklace is amazing as well
        What necklace?
            Necklace of St Jiub 50 stamina and 50 carry weight
                Oh yeah I love that thing.
Who's Arvak?
    A spectral horse you can get in the soul cairn. Super convenient as he can be summoned wherever whenever via a conjuration spell.
        Yeah, that’s true, no biggie, but it is a bit annoying to me how he immediately disintegrates after you dismount.
            Yeah sucks for looting stuff or hopping off to fight but it doesn’t take a lot of magika to summon him so it’s never been too much of a problem
                Yeah, it is good to have so you don’t have to spend a thousand gold coins on a horse.
                    If I don’t do the Dawnguard quest immediately, I do the dark brotherhood one, Shadowmere is nice and tanky and he can respawn.
                        She*

Shadowmere is a mare. 

But yes. She's by far my favourite horse to have. Even in Oblivion. I always speedran the DB questline. 

Aside from the constant supply (as well as a giant pile of) gold, you got quite a few decent items from doing the challenges in the missions you were sent on, and all you "lost" was a +5 luck buff for a few hours after touching a statue... Not a great loss, really, since you got better from the quests. 

And Shadowmere. Back then, you could kill her, put a load of loot on her corpse, then wait a few minutes and she'd stand right back up. Get to base, drop off all your loot in invent, kill her, loot everything else back again... And then wait for her to rez and off you go again!
                            Interestingly enough, Shadowmere is referred to (by Astrid) as male in Skyrim.  In Oblivion the horse is a mare though.
                            I never had the heart to do that carry weight hack lol but I do love Shadowmere.
                        Shadowmere! Forgot about him, I lost him while riding Frost. I just remembered I think if he dies or gets lost he respawns by the pond.
                            Yeah. Some sources say he should fast travel with you, so if you’re running survival, maybe turn it off for a second, jump to the nearest point (so it won’t really count) and turn survival back on, he should hopefully be there.
                    I've only ever stolen a horse or rode shadowmere
        Cool! Is this in the vanilla game? I can't believe I didn't know about it! I will have to do the dawnguard quest now.
            It’s part of the dawnguard questline no mods necessary.
                Yayyy. I've never played through Dawnguard before
                    You’re in for a treat. I prefer Dragonborn, but Dawnguard introduces some of the most interesting characters in Skyrim IMO and you get to meet 🥰😍 Serana 😍🥰
        AE also has the "summon daedric horse" spell you get from the quest "The Cause."
The daedric horse is nice too
    The unicorn is my personal favorite, and a great battle companion with high health stats. He'll tank a full dragon assault without flinching and deal a good amount of damage to boot
Such a good horse
Early on, I fast traveled to Winterhold and the ice wraiths killed my horse. Reload, same thing.  Had to ditch him because he was a good boy and didn't deserve to die.  I like to think he was thankful that I worked hard to spare his life.
I didn’t know this!!!
I got a mod called better horses and I've never had one die. I even have a mod that will sometimes spawn 4-6 dragons at a time in an area and get caught up there fast travelling, spend 30min or more in a fight for my life and still never lost one. The downside is sometimes they run so far away I can't find them again unless I fast travel to bring them back
From memory they have their own encumbrance so can carry you even if you're carrying too much stuff - up to a point
You can armor that horse at a stable I think
Posted the link to my reply so I'm not spamming the thread 👍🏿

https://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/s/JxBWxfsRQe
I didn’t realize they’re scaled!
    Indeed. Followers are also scaled to difficulty. Essentially, everyone but you ~~and your conjurings~~. When I start legendary, I grab Faendal ASAP so that I don't get wrecked by wolves trying to gather materials to craft my starting gear. He is way stronger than I am at the start.

Edit: struck out an error
For me, I increase difficulty through mods, as I feel like the bethesda difficulty switch just turns enemies into tanks, so its artificial difficulty.


I add more enemies through mods like:

- hand placed enemies

- lupinus

- vampire attacks (cant remember the real name sorry)

- skyrim at war


I change the way NPCs behave with mods like:

- wild world

- followers go on a trip

- immersive citizens

-better vampire NPCs

-HERO


I change the balance of gameplay through mods like

- fatality (wildcat or vigor are also good)

- improved AI detection hardcore

- no respawning guards

- no essentials morrowind style

- truly deadly poisons

- ELFX Hardcore

- EMILI

- Masterly

- sos Ahst mulaag


Finally, I sprinkle all that with realism mods like ars mettalica, an orphange, better spell learning, etc.


All this serves to make the game fairly punishing when it comes to combat, with no way to cheese out dubs. I also tend to play permadeath. With death being a real threat for me and all NPCs, it makes me 1) want to actually be a hero as failure has real consequences and 2) gives me a sense of urgency to complete quests to safen up skyrim.

Also dont think those are all the mods. Just some of my favs.
No mounted combat
    It's weird how you can't cast spells on horseback but can shoot arrows.
I'm doing my first full mage (and survival) playthrough, I'm preferring to stay off horseback as I can use restoration magic to get stamina back so it's easy to run endlessly and it's quicker to respond to threats when I'm already off my horse.
Posted the link to my reply so I'm not spamming the thread 👍🏿

https://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/s/JxBWxfsRQe
    Thank you !
The wild horses cc is goated af for survival mode. Good luck on finding the rest!!
    Wild Horses is great, but I still say Arvak is the best horse.
        I like Summon Daedric Horse.   It looks cooler to me.
    Problem with Wild Horses is that they are all exactly the same (except for the Unicorn, obviously), so you're set for life once you get the one just outside Whiterun.
        The dwarven one doesn’t run out of stamina.
            The Dwarven Horse isn't part of Wild Horses, however, which is the CC being talked about in this part of the thread. And it's certainly a helluva lot more difficult to get than just hopping on a horse just outside of Whiterun a few times.
                It isn’t? Huh. Haven’t delved too much into the new content, been playing other stuff for a while as well and less focus has been on Skyrim. Good to know, but yeah, the amount of times I’ve stolen that whiterun horse…
I'm but a humble peseant too greedy to limit his mods but too dumb to get them to work together (console) so I haven't played much with mods. 

But I do like me a mod that allows me to see my entire person and not just my back and up
The rdr2 horse mechanics are revolutionary
    The horse balls
        “Why are all of your horses male?”
“No reason….”
the only horse I ever have in my games is Shadowmere. I always make it essential via console asap.
    Either shadowmere (for his tanky health and respawn ability back at the falkwreath Sanctuary) or Arvak (due to him being summonable)
They work "correctly", sure. But they're just not a big leap from walking or sprinting everywhere. My point was only one of many mentioned in just this thread. Dismounting is cumbersome as is fighting. Fast traveling just to have your horse appear can be an issue. Often they go agro when they should have ran.  

Convenient horses and other mods fix a lot of this, but still, "correctly" the base game horses just aren't great, especially early game (when they're most useful) as riding is a good way to miss POIs.

Edit: all the above is before getting into the companion issues.
    Idk, I only play survival so I can't FT, and I only use my horse from point A-B traversal using mainly only roads for travel for RP purposes. The only time I ever had issues was trying to cheese the mountain tops. Plenty of uses for horses imo. They work better than some cars did in cyberpunk on launch day, that's for sure.
        Yeah. I'm really not trying to hate. The world is definitly better with them especially modded. But I just rarely use them except in survival.
It’s a Bethesda game, none of it works “corrrectly”
    You're right my bad. "It just works"
I could never get on the Arvak train, couldn't do it to Shadowmere.
    Ah, but he’s summonable. Really nifty at times when you need an instant mount. But Shadowmere is a great steed.
Frost is pretty good. Shadowmere even better. You can abuse wait to recharge stamina on long journeys.
Yeah! It was added with the creation club content you get with the anniversary edition :) if you have it, go to the arcaneum (cant spell it) and look on the desk beside the telekinesis arrow book. From there, you just go to Riften, hang a left like you're going to blackbriar lodge, and you'll find it in that little valley area between them. Just at the bottom of that hill. Hope that helps!
I always get the horse from Soul Cairn since you can just summon him whenever lol. I’ve only sided twice with DB (I hate Astrid with a PASSION) so Shadowmere is so meh for me lol.
I like the trader guy, I just get spell books from him, and I get some good ones.
    There's a trader there? Thousands of hours and didn't know that
        He doesn’t take gold, only those stupid husk things… I spent like half hour on my first playthrough getting 25 of them so I can get a (hopefully new) spell tome… he gave me flames…
            Save before selling him the husks. The tomes are random, after all.
            >I spent like half hour 

Only half an hour? Those are rookie numbers! You've gotta pump those numbers up!
            He sells you items based on your level. At some point despite what the wiki says, he has a chance to trade daedric weapons (i think lv50+). However, you probably got your hands on some deadric stuff at that point already.
                I’m pretty sure I was around level 35-40 when I got flames from him, but yeah by that level daedric stuff should be spawning anyways.
        Same
Necklace is amazing as well
    What necklace?
        Necklace of St Jiub 50 stamina and 50 carry weight
            Oh yeah I love that thing.
A spectral horse you can get in the soul cairn. Super convenient as he can be summoned wherever whenever via a conjuration spell.
    Yeah, that’s true, no biggie, but it is a bit annoying to me how he immediately disintegrates after you dismount.
        Yeah sucks for looting stuff or hopping off to fight but it doesn’t take a lot of magika to summon him so it’s never been too much of a problem
            Yeah, it is good to have so you don’t have to spend a thousand gold coins on a horse.
                If I don’t do the Dawnguard quest immediately, I do the dark brotherhood one, Shadowmere is nice and tanky and he can respawn.
                    She*

Shadowmere is a mare. 

But yes. She's by far my favourite horse to have. Even in Oblivion. I always speedran the DB questline. 

Aside from the constant supply (as well as a giant pile of) gold, you got quite a few decent items from doing the challenges in the missions you were sent on, and all you "lost" was a +5 luck buff for a few hours after touching a statue... Not a great loss, really, since you got better from the quests. 

And Shadowmere. Back then, you could kill her, put a load of loot on her corpse, then wait a few minutes and she'd stand right back up. Get to base, drop off all your loot in invent, kill her, loot everything else back again... And then wait for her to rez and off you go again!
                        Interestingly enough, Shadowmere is referred to (by Astrid) as male in Skyrim.  In Oblivion the horse is a mare though.
                        I never had the heart to do that carry weight hack lol but I do love Shadowmere.
                    Shadowmere! Forgot about him, I lost him while riding Frost. I just remembered I think if he dies or gets lost he respawns by the pond.
                        Yeah. Some sources say he should fast travel with you, so if you’re running survival, maybe turn it off for a second, jump to the nearest point (so it won’t really count) and turn survival back on, he should hopefully be there.
                I've only ever stolen a horse or rode shadowmere
    Cool! Is this in the vanilla game? I can't believe I didn't know about it! I will have to do the dawnguard quest now.
        It’s part of the dawnguard questline no mods necessary.
            Yayyy. I've never played through Dawnguard before
                You’re in for a treat. I prefer Dragonborn, but Dawnguard introduces some of the most interesting characters in Skyrim IMO and you get to meet 🥰😍 Serana 😍🥰
    AE also has the "summon daedric horse" spell you get from the quest "The Cause."
The unicorn is my personal favorite, and a great battle companion with high health stats. He'll tank a full dragon assault without flinching and deal a good amount of damage to boot
Indeed. Followers are also scaled to difficulty. Essentially, everyone but you ~~and your conjurings~~. When I start legendary, I grab Faendal ASAP so that I don't get wrecked by wolves trying to gather materials to craft my starting gear. He is way stronger than I am at the start.

Edit: struck out an error
It's weird how you can't cast spells on horseback but can shoot arrows.
Thank you !
Wild Horses is great, but I still say Arvak is the best horse.
    I like Summon Daedric Horse.   It looks cooler to me.
Problem with Wild Horses is that they are all exactly the same (except for the Unicorn, obviously), so you're set for life once you get the one just outside Whiterun.
    The dwarven one doesn’t run out of stamina.
        The Dwarven Horse isn't part of Wild Horses, however, which is the CC being talked about in this part of the thread. And it's certainly a helluva lot more difficult to get than just hopping on a horse just outside of Whiterun a few times.
            It isn’t? Huh. Haven’t delved too much into the new content, been playing other stuff for a while as well and less focus has been on Skyrim. Good to know, but yeah, the amount of times I’ve stolen that whiterun horse…
The horse balls
    “Why are all of your horses male?”
“No reason….”
Either shadowmere (for his tanky health and respawn ability back at the falkwreath Sanctuary) or Arvak (due to him being summonable)
Idk, I only play survival so I can't FT, and I only use my horse from point A-B traversal using mainly only roads for travel for RP purposes. The only time I ever had issues was trying to cheese the mountain tops. Plenty of uses for horses imo. They work better than some cars did in cyberpunk on launch day, that's for sure.
    Yeah. I'm really not trying to hate. The world is definitly better with them especially modded. But I just rarely use them except in survival.
You're right my bad. "It just works"
Ah, but he’s summonable. Really nifty at times when you need an instant mount. But Shadowmere is a great steed.
There's a trader there? Thousands of hours and didn't know that
    He doesn’t take gold, only those stupid husk things… I spent like half hour on my first playthrough getting 25 of them so I can get a (hopefully new) spell tome… he gave me flames…
        Save before selling him the husks. The tomes are random, after all.
        >I spent like half hour 

Only half an hour? Those are rookie numbers! You've gotta pump those numbers up!
        He sells you items based on your level. At some point despite what the wiki says, he has a chance to trade daedric weapons (i think lv50+). However, you probably got your hands on some deadric stuff at that point already.
            I’m pretty sure I was around level 35-40 when I got flames from him, but yeah by that level daedric stuff should be spawning anyways.
    Same
What necklace?
    Necklace of St Jiub 50 stamina and 50 carry weight
        Oh yeah I love that thing.
Yeah, that’s true, no biggie, but it is a bit annoying to me how he immediately disintegrates after you dismount.
    Yeah sucks for looting stuff or hopping off to fight but it doesn’t take a lot of magika to summon him so it’s never been too much of a problem
        Yeah, it is good to have so you don’t have to spend a thousand gold coins on a horse.
            If I don’t do the Dawnguard quest immediately, I do the dark brotherhood one, Shadowmere is nice and tanky and he can respawn.
                She*

Shadowmere is a mare. 

But yes. She's by far my favourite horse to have. Even in Oblivion. I always speedran the DB questline. 

Aside from the constant supply (as well as a giant pile of) gold, you got quite a few decent items from doing the challenges in the missions you were sent on, and all you "lost" was a +5 luck buff for a few hours after touching a statue... Not a great loss, really, since you got better from the quests. 

And Shadowmere. Back then, you could kill her, put a load of loot on her corpse, then wait a few minutes and she'd stand right back up. Get to base, drop off all your loot in invent, kill her, loot everything else back again... And then wait for her to rez and off you go again!
                    Interestingly enough, Shadowmere is referred to (by Astrid) as male in Skyrim.  In Oblivion the horse is a mare though.
                    I never had the heart to do that carry weight hack lol but I do love Shadowmere.
                Shadowmere! Forgot about him, I lost him while riding Frost. I just remembered I think if he dies or gets lost he respawns by the pond.
                    Yeah. Some sources say he should fast travel with you, so if you’re running survival, maybe turn it off for a second, jump to the nearest point (so it won’t really count) and turn survival back on, he should hopefully be there.
            I've only ever stolen a horse or rode shadowmere
Cool! Is this in the vanilla game? I can't believe I didn't know about it! I will have to do the dawnguard quest now.
    It’s part of the dawnguard questline no mods necessary.
        Yayyy. I've never played through Dawnguard before
            You’re in for a treat. I prefer Dragonborn, but Dawnguard introduces some of the most interesting characters in Skyrim IMO and you get to meet 🥰😍 Serana 😍🥰
AE also has the "summon daedric horse" spell you get from the quest "The Cause."
I like Summon Daedric Horse.   It looks cooler to me.
The dwarven one doesn’t run out of stamina.
    The Dwarven Horse isn't part of Wild Horses, however, which is the CC being talked about in this part of the thread. And it's certainly a helluva lot more difficult to get than just hopping on a horse just outside of Whiterun a few times.
        It isn’t? Huh. Haven’t delved too much into the new content, been playing other stuff for a while as well and less focus has been on Skyrim. Good to know, but yeah, the amount of times I’ve stolen that whiterun horse…
“Why are all of your horses male?”
“No reason….”
Yeah. I'm really not trying to hate. The world is definitly better with them especially modded. But I just rarely use them except in survival.
He doesn’t take gold, only those stupid husk things… I spent like half hour on my first playthrough getting 25 of them so I can get a (hopefully new) spell tome… he gave me flames…
    Save before selling him the husks. The tomes are random, after all.
    >I spent like half hour 

Only half an hour? Those are rookie numbers! You've gotta pump those numbers up!
    He sells you items based on your level. At some point despite what the wiki says, he has a chance to trade daedric weapons (i think lv50+). However, you probably got your hands on some deadric stuff at that point already.
        I’m pretty sure I was around level 35-40 when I got flames from him, but yeah by that level daedric stuff should be spawning anyways.
Same
Necklace of St Jiub 50 stamina and 50 carry weight
    Oh yeah I love that thing.
Yeah sucks for looting stuff or hopping off to fight but it doesn’t take a lot of magika to summon him so it’s never been too much of a problem
    Yeah, it is good to have so you don’t have to spend a thousand gold coins on a horse.
        If I don’t do the Dawnguard quest immediately, I do the dark brotherhood one, Shadowmere is nice and tanky and he can respawn.
            She*

Shadowmere is a mare. 

But yes. She's by far my favourite horse to have. Even in Oblivion. I always speedran the DB questline. 

Aside from the constant supply (as well as a giant pile of) gold, you got quite a few decent items from doing the challenges in the missions you were sent on, and all you "lost" was a +5 luck buff for a few hours after touching a statue... Not a great loss, really, since you got better from the quests. 

And Shadowmere. Back then, you could kill her, put a load of loot on her corpse, then wait a few minutes and she'd stand right back up. Get to base, drop off all your loot in invent, kill her, loot everything else back again... And then wait for her to rez and off you go again!
                Interestingly enough, Shadowmere is referred to (by Astrid) as male in Skyrim.  In Oblivion the horse is a mare though.
                I never had the heart to do that carry weight hack lol but I do love Shadowmere.
            Shadowmere! Forgot about him, I lost him while riding Frost. I just remembered I think if he dies or gets lost he respawns by the pond.
                Yeah. Some sources say he should fast travel with you, so if you’re running survival, maybe turn it off for a second, jump to the nearest point (so it won’t really count) and turn survival back on, he should hopefully be there.
        I've only ever stolen a horse or rode shadowmere
It’s part of the dawnguard questline no mods necessary.
    Yayyy. I've never played through Dawnguard before
        You’re in for a treat. I prefer Dragonborn, but Dawnguard introduces some of the most interesting characters in Skyrim IMO and you get to meet 🥰😍 Serana 😍🥰
The Dwarven Horse isn't part of Wild Horses, however, which is the CC being talked about in this part of the thread. And it's certainly a helluva lot more difficult to get than just hopping on a horse just outside of Whiterun a few times.
    It isn’t? Huh. Haven’t delved too much into the new content, been playing other stuff for a while as well and less focus has been on Skyrim. Good to know, but yeah, the amount of times I’ve stolen that whiterun horse…
Save before selling him the husks. The tomes are random, after all.
>I spent like half hour 

Only half an hour? Those are rookie numbers! You've gotta pump those numbers up!
He sells you items based on your level. At some point despite what the wiki says, he has a chance to trade daedric weapons (i think lv50+). However, you probably got your hands on some deadric stuff at that point already.
    I’m pretty sure I was around level 35-40 when I got flames from him, but yeah by that level daedric stuff should be spawning anyways.
Oh yeah I love that thing.
Yeah, it is good to have so you don’t have to spend a thousand gold coins on a horse.
    If I don’t do the Dawnguard quest immediately, I do the dark brotherhood one, Shadowmere is nice and tanky and he can respawn.
        She*

Shadowmere is a mare. 

But yes. She's by far my favourite horse to have. Even in Oblivion. I always speedran the DB questline. 

Aside from the constant supply (as well as a giant pile of) gold, you got quite a few decent items from doing the challenges in the missions you were sent on, and all you "lost" was a +5 luck buff for a few hours after touching a statue... Not a great loss, really, since you got better from the quests. 

And Shadowmere. Back then, you could kill her, put a load of loot on her corpse, then wait a few minutes and she'd stand right back up. Get to base, drop off all your loot in invent, kill her, loot everything else back again... And then wait for her to rez and off you go again!
            Interestingly enough, Shadowmere is referred to (by Astrid) as male in Skyrim.  In Oblivion the horse is a mare though.
            I never had the heart to do that carry weight hack lol but I do love Shadowmere.
        Shadowmere! Forgot about him, I lost him while riding Frost. I just remembered I think if he dies or gets lost he respawns by the pond.
            Yeah. Some sources say he should fast travel with you, so if you’re running survival, maybe turn it off for a second, jump to the nearest point (so it won’t really count) and turn survival back on, he should hopefully be there.
    I've only ever stolen a horse or rode shadowmere
Yayyy. I've never played through Dawnguard before
    You’re in for a treat. I prefer Dragonborn, but Dawnguard introduces some of the most interesting characters in Skyrim IMO and you get to meet 🥰😍 Serana 😍🥰
It isn’t? Huh. Haven’t delved too much into the new content, been playing other stuff for a while as well and less focus has been on Skyrim. Good to know, but yeah, the amount of times I’ve stolen that whiterun horse…
I’m pretty sure I was around level 35-40 when I got flames from him, but yeah by that level daedric stuff should be spawning anyways.
If I don’t do the Dawnguard quest immediately, I do the dark brotherhood one, Shadowmere is nice and tanky and he can respawn.
    She*

Shadowmere is a mare. 

But yes. She's by far my favourite horse to have. Even in Oblivion. I always speedran the DB questline. 

Aside from the constant supply (as well as a giant pile of) gold, you got quite a few decent items from doing the challenges in the missions you were sent on, and all you "lost" was a +5 luck buff for a few hours after touching a statue... Not a great loss, really, since you got better from the quests. 

And Shadowmere. Back then, you could kill her, put a load of loot on her corpse, then wait a few minutes and she'd stand right back up. Get to base, drop off all your loot in invent, kill her, loot everything else back again... And then wait for her to rez and off you go again!
        Interestingly enough, Shadowmere is referred to (by Astrid) as male in Skyrim.  In Oblivion the horse is a mare though.
        I never had the heart to do that carry weight hack lol but I do love Shadowmere.
    Shadowmere! Forgot about him, I lost him while riding Frost. I just remembered I think if he dies or gets lost he respawns by the pond.
        Yeah. Some sources say he should fast travel with you, so if you’re running survival, maybe turn it off for a second, jump to the nearest point (so it won’t really count) and turn survival back on, he should hopefully be there.
I've only ever stolen a horse or rode shadowmere
You’re in for a treat. I prefer Dragonborn, but Dawnguard introduces some of the most interesting characters in Skyrim IMO and you get to meet 🥰😍 Serana 😍🥰
She*

Shadowmere is a mare. 

But yes. She's by far my favourite horse to have. Even in Oblivion. I always speedran the DB questline. 

Aside from the constant supply (as well as a giant pile of) gold, you got quite a few decent items from doing the challenges in the missions you were sent on, and all you "lost" was a +5 luck buff for a few hours after touching a statue... Not a great loss, really, since you got better from the quests. 

And Shadowmere. Back then, you could kill her, put a load of loot on her corpse, then wait a few minutes and she'd stand right back up. Get to base, drop off all your loot in invent, kill her, loot everything else back again... And then wait for her to rez and off you go again!
    Interestingly enough, Shadowmere is referred to (by Astrid) as male in Skyrim.  In Oblivion the horse is a mare though.
    I never had the heart to do that carry weight hack lol but I do love Shadowmere.
Shadowmere! Forgot about him, I lost him while riding Frost. I just remembered I think if he dies or gets lost he respawns by the pond.
    Yeah. Some sources say he should fast travel with you, so if you’re running survival, maybe turn it off for a second, jump to the nearest point (so it won’t really count) and turn survival back on, he should hopefully be there.
Interestingly enough, Shadowmere is referred to (by Astrid) as male in Skyrim.  In Oblivion the horse is a mare though.
I never had the heart to do that carry weight hack lol but I do love Shadowmere.
Yeah. Some sources say he should fast travel with you, so if you’re running survival, maybe turn it off for a second, jump to the nearest point (so it won’t really count) and turn survival back on, he should hopefully be there.
