[[Pokémon fans, what is your controversial opinion on Pokémon]]


I’ll go first: I don’t think it’s really that bad that new Pokémon games are easy. Games don’t have to be super challenging to be fun. What really matters to me the most is the Pokémon themselves and sometimes the story. I know that X and Y are some of the easiest games but I still had a blast playing through my copy of Pokémon X!

Edit: I’ve made a mistake- my phone is buzzing every few seconds-


Ash's Companions should caught more Pokemon
    Ash should have caught more Pokémon,  that was always my gripe. You supposedly want to a master but have such an anemic Pokedex? Makes no sense.
        The one aspect I loved about the Black and White anime was that he was constantly rotating out his team
            Shame he didn't evolve his Scraggy and Palpitoad
                it’s a shame he didn’t evolve anything of value on b&w
                    how dare you insult Krookodile
                    That's Ash in general for you, because it seemed like he always gave away, or 'released' his fully evolved pokèmon.
                        I hated this as a kid, and was blasted on a forum for bashing him about it. You put forth all this effort to raise a Charizard (a wildly popular starter Pokemon, no less, *writers*) and he just... gives this cool ass, powerful team member away?
                            Although I wasn't thrilled with the thought of ash releasing strong pokemon, I could respect that he had in mind what his pokemon wanted, rather than what he wanted. Although I think it would be better for him if he just stuck to only catching pokemon which are only interested in battling, not in looking for a partner to start a family, that way all the effort he puts in making his pokemon stronger would pay off. As for Charizard, it's not like Ash can't call him each time he needs it, it's just that ash understood that he wasn't the most suited to develop Charizard 's full potential, and instead he left it in the hands of specialists.
                    Krookidile?
            No desire to watch black and white but I thought it was cool he caught about 10 Pokemon and swapped them out like you said. I would honestly watch the upcoming new series if ash used some of his older Pokémon instead of just catching new ones
                That's usually what I would do after the shinnoh series (I lost interest in the anime because they got rid of Brock) Ash's Charizard vs Iris's Dragonite from bw series was a pretty kino mini arc
                    I check up from time to time on serebii out of curiosity to see what ash is up to. I also watch some gym and championship battles on YouTube. This recent series battles are wild tho. Ash vs Cynthia was nutty. You might like iris vs Cynthia
                        I like they actually let him win in alolah but I can't get past the art style it is very unappealing to me and seems like a lazy downgrade
                            I enjoyed the art just for the sake of the region being more chill
                            I think it had something to do with Yo-kai Watch getting super popular in Japan for awhile there. It's been a minute since I've heard anything about the series.
            He needed a brain though

“Hmm, big gym battle-3v3. Nah, plapitoad will be enough”

Pikachu got angry
        In Kanto, Ash didn’t even have a full team of six for the majority of it. That’s always bugged me.
            Same with Kalos. His team was Pikachu, Greninja, Noivern, Hawlucha, and Talonflame all the way up until the Kalos League matches became 6 on 6 and he was forced to be reunited with Goodra. Still wish he would have caught that Dunsparce cause that would have been amazing.
                Teams that get 6-0d by Ice Beam
                    Didn't know Ash did a flying type only run (with a few exceptions obviously) for Kalos lol
                        They were trying to push Sky Battles. Yeah that didn't pan out.
                You’d think in the Gen they introduced fairy types, Ash would A) HAVE a fairy type, and B) Have fewer Pokémon that are weak to fairy.
                    We're talking about an anime that has pikachu thunderbolt an Onix its first gym battle

And win
                        Plot armor so thick it destroys the type chart.
                        I mean tbf, "Soak" is a pokemon move and the onix was soaked by the sprinklers. So it does kinda make sense. However... soak was not introduced until gen 5, so that definitely was not their logic behind it. I can still accept it enough though haha.
                Why so?
                    because Dunsparce is goated
            Huh that's true, after bye bye Butterfree he didn't get another Pokemon for a while.

Edit actually no he got Primeape 4 episodes later, gave it away after 3 episodes, then literally the next episode gets Muk. So actually he was at 6 for most of Kanto
                Except that he boxes Muk immediately and only brings it out for the League. Same for Krabby

I always thought Cubone would make a good fit for the last slot on his team
                    If the Kanto anime had played more into the plot of the games, the orphan cubone would’ve been a perfect edition, but then getting haunted would’ve been shafted…not that he keeps it for long.
                    That randomly OP Cubone that destroys Bulbasaur but then somehow gets taken down by a single electric attack? That one would have been great in the Pokemon League, if only because it transcends normal type advantage rules!
                    And then Krabby immediately evolves in when Ash had barely used it
                        [deleted]
                            But that fight was proof that he didn’t need to.
                He still doesn't care about Primeape. Or Pidgeot for that matter
                He only used pikachu andthe starters tho
        His goal is to become the greatest trainer not the Dex. Honing his skills and battling is way more important than catching shitty bug and normal types lol.
    Especially Brock with how long he travelled with ash
        I actually made a post a few days ago about Pokemon Ash's Companions should've gotten and I said Brock should get some fossil Pokemon since he usually gets the Kanto Fossils in certain battles
        Was too busy being a sex pest to worry about Pokémon.
    You'd love Goh then, lol.  He's the current companion and, as you may have guessed from the name (Goh, *Pokémon Go*), he represents the Gotta Catch 'Em All side of the series while Ash represents the battling/training side.
        Yet people hate Goh for that.

Ive heard so many complaints about Goh just catching and not making a bond with his pokemon.


Which is like... what we do when we catch them all. 
So how can they be upset that Goh is doing the catch them all aspect of the games.
            Also he does have a few recurring Pokemon he bonds with.
                Yea i know he does.

But they ignore that and talk about the rest.

Like... the players dont just catch and only use a main 6.
                    I was attempting to reinforce your point
                        And he was reinforcing yours :)
            Goh just fucking gave eternatus to Leon right before Leon’s battle with ash in the finals and peaced the hell out.  What a friend
                I'm sorry *what*

Why the hell does Nintendo have such a hardon for Leon, I feel like it's ironic and that he's one of the worst received champions we've had. And now they give him freaking *ETERNATUS*?

Calling it now, Pikachu's just gonna take it down anyways with like, an Iron Tail or something
                    I think there are two reasons why Leo is so disliked as a champion by the player base.

Firstly, the smaller reason, his design. It is incredibly bloated with the cape and massive hair and little to no contrast, it is difficult to make out what his shape even is or where to look. Still despite that he looks like just a guy. Which makes him boring. Compare that to other more popular champions like Cynthia, with her blond hair and clean long black dress that flows perfectly into each other. Or Alder (that his name? The Gen 5 guy) who’s red spiky hair, poncho and relaxed body language give off a feeling of an old experience mentor.

Secondly, the bigger reason, constant hype. People have memed just how often characters in game refer to him as “unbeatable and super special”, which rather than build him up as a giant threat just feels annoying. It’s a classic “show don’t tell” violation. Where by constantly repeating what we should think, it feels like someone forces an opinion on us, rather than let us come to our own conclusion.

The simplest way to fix him, in my opinion, would to just stop constantly mentioning him and maybe make it so that during your adventure he becomes the champion. Maybe they could have written that like a “I was retired from fighting, but seeing you shine just made me want to come back and fight you at your best.” Thing that we often see in TV
            To be fair, Pokemon don't exist in our world. I think it would be different if we lived in the Pokemon world itself.
            Which is weird because he features a lot of them in different episodes with their own unique abilities and what not, and often revisits the garden to check on them.
        Which is quite ironic, because you literally cannot Catch ‘Em All in any of the new games.
            Forget *catching*, you can't even *have* them all. 

"No, your Pidgey can't come with you, but for a monthly fee we'll take care of it for you~"
                Hey it’s just the day care experience irl, AR method gaming
There are so many legendaries that the mysteries around them are not interesting anymore
    I remember being a kid and loving the mystery behind Ho-oh & Lugia and their respective trios. Especially with the very first episode of the anime hinting at Ho-oh. They seemed like great and ancient beasts, something that only a privileged and chosen few would ever get to know. 

And now there's near enough legendary and mythical Pokemon to comprise an entire generation.
        I remember playing Pokémon silver when I was younger and trying for literal months to find the rainbow wing to get into Tin/Bell tower in Ecruteak only to one day talk to a random NPC in pewter city and get it. I don't think I will ever recreate that feeling of wonder. Or fumbling around in the Whirl Islands trying to get to Lugia.

I think part of the problem is a) there is no challenge or mystery in getting legendaries anymore. You either just get given them, led to them, or they're at the end of a really obvious route. 

But b) even if that was the case, the internet has ruined the mystery of things. Back in the day the only way you heard about things was through rumours or word of mouth, even if it wasn't even true. Nowadays you can just Google anything you're not sure about which whilst I am grateful for definitely loses a bit of the magic.
            I used to go to GameStop and read through the guidebooks in the store if I couldn't figure something out! Those were the days
                Oh fuck, just reading the guide book trying to find the things you needed. That unlocked some memories
                The best memory I have is with Pokemon emerald and sky pillar. For months me and my older brother were looking for it. Then one day we were over at our uncle's place. He was doing a garage sale and this kid was holding a Pokemon emerald guidebook. I was young and didn't know how to use a guidebook at the time. But I did know my older brother would. I asked if he could stay for a minute and the kid said yes. I ran to my older brother. He came with me asked if we could see the book. Kid agrees we locate sky pillar and we go to the 8th gym area when Rayquaza vs groundan and Kyogre scene appears. That was my favorite moment for so long. I stopped playing after emerald
            Absolutely even the legendary birds were extraordinary, I remember the feeling of finally finding zapados and preparing so much to catch him in the power plant. Sigh
        What I think is wild is that Gen 1 and 2 had 5 legendaries a pieces with a pseudo legendary set. Then After that we went from anywhere from like 10 legendaries and 2 pseduo sets in RSE to just more and more with each gen it felt.
            I can't fairly judge the 4th Gen because I didn't play, but my issue with the legendaries wasn't necessarily the number of them, but the quality, the backstory. 

One thing I should consider is that back in the day, when the internet wasn't prevalent, most of our deciphering came from word of mouth, friend to friend, cousin to cousin, and this is how we unraveled mysteries. 

I say this because I don't have an issue with the abundance of legendaries in Gen 3 because you had to uncover and work at the lore that entombed them. Kyogre and Groundon dwelled in their deep primal lairs, the Regis were sealed away with "arcane" knowledge. Rayquaza dwelled in the sky, nesting on it's ancient tower. And both Jirachi and Deoxys required something unusual that made them difficult to get at all. 

Difficulty to obtain was the entire joy of it in a way. I do remember being a little kid and wondering long about how to get Celebi in the forest shrine with the GS ball.
                Yeah if my friend didn’t have the RSE guide book I would’ve had no idea the regi’s even existed, they were not easy for 8 year old kids in 2003 to get ahold of
                    I will forever cherish my memories of printing out the braille alphabet at the school library so I could take it home and hunt down those regis.
                        And that first time you actually get it and it works and you’re like holy shit this nonsense is real
                            The regi methods felt like some school yard "use strength on the truck" level bullshit. But it worked.
                                Relicanth in your party, use strength, etc.

I still have no idea how my mother figured it out. Also the evolving Feebas thing. Feebas is only in 10 squares on this entire route. It needs to be a specific nature so it can eat the most blue (indigo?) pokeblocks to become pretty enough to evolve... da fuq?
                        This just unlocked a core memory I had forgotten about. I had a buddy print the braille alphabet out over at his place. He came over and we stayed up all night deciphering braille and trying to catch the Regis. I’m happy to hear I wasn’t the only one who had this amazing experience.
                        I remember reading through the booklet in the box, finding the Braille chart at the back, and wondering what in the hell it was for.
                Gen 4 is basically the Pokemon Universe's origin story. 

Arceus created the universe when its egg hatched, Dialga and Palkia controlled time and space and were worshipped by an ancient civilization before traveling to a new universe, Giratina is an entity created from violence and malice that the other 3 banished to an alternate dimension to seal its power, and Uxie, Azelf, and Mesprit were created to share knowledge, wisdom, and willpower. 

Then there are the post-story ones. Heatran and Manaphy are magma and ocean guardians respectively, Phione's basically Manaphy's servant, Cresselia and Darkrai are the guardians of dreams and nightmares respectively, Shaymin's a spirit of gratitude, and Regigigas moved the continents Groudon created and helped ancient people create the Regis before sealing itself in a frozen tundra. 

Also, there are books in Canalave City that basically talk about how Sinnoh believes people evolved from and married Pokemon. (Gen 4 had a habit of rewarding you for looking in odd places that people wouldn't usually focus on)
                    What about Bidoof?
                        We don't speak of its power, it's not safe.
                        Where do you think Arceus' egg came from?
                Damn, I remember being around ten and being the first to find volcarona in my playground. I really felt like fucking Indiana Jones, everyone gave me their ds to catch one for them as well. We live in a rural area where household internet and pcs became common around two or three years later, so I remember buying lots of pokemon magazines to look for secret pokemons, especially for pokemon mystery dungeon explorers of sky where it's tricky to even make some legendaries appear. Good times
            I understand not liking having 2 pseudo sets, but the Lati duo is the only legendaries I can't justify.

Then there's Regigigas which feels like it should be in Gen 3 or not exist at all. I can't justify it being in another Gen as the Regis kinda tie in with the rest of RSE.
    Imo its not even that its just how easy they are to get. The only ones that are really a challenge to get ahold of are event only pokémon, and those are hard to get for all the wrong reasons.
        Gen 1 and 2 are the only ones that handled legendaries properly. They should not be mandatory, scripted encounters.
    Legendaries are so much cooler when they’re gimmicky weirdos instead of “omg ultra powerful gods!!!”. Mew being able to learn any move, the Regis having really weird designs and insane obscure unlock methods, Deoxys just being some random alien that can change its form, etc., gives them all very unique identities and playstyles that aren’t just “insane stats go brrr”. They tend to have really good stats yes but generally it’s the moves/abilities that set them apart from a regular mon and that’s just insanely cool to me.
        I don't know why Deoxys is your example for not being "insane stats go brrr." Until gen 8, his forms made him either the fastest or strongest pokemon ever depending on which you wanted. His attack form is tied for 5th place for fastest pokemon.

If that's not insane stats go brrr, I don't know what is.
            i guess i meant the form change mechanic specifically. being super minmaxed is also a little different from having insane bases across the board though i do get your point.
    All I remember was playing black and white and stumbling into that desert temple and coming across… ✨Volcarona✨

I remember that was the first time in years I’d been excited to discover and catch a legendary Pokémon!

But… It wasn’t a legendary haha. Hilarious how this non-legendary gave me the most excitement to catch a Pokémon in years.

They need to do for future legendaries what they did with Volcarona in black and white. Stop giving us too many hints about the legendary. Let people randomly encounter them while out exploring by accident.
    I honestly don’t care about any legendary Pokémon after diamond and pearl. I don’t know the lore behind them. I think some look cool? Victini, Genesect… but I don’t care about totem Pokémon or ultra beasts or sword and shield Pokémon or any of that. They lost me when every legendary was released at GameStop or something…. Shiny Poipol? Who cares? 

They lost whatever flavor made Pokémon legendary.
        Volcanion is the most disappointing one for me. I was so excited for the first Water/Fire type, but there is no lore at all outside of Pokedex entries and a movie (that I didn't see). To me it just feels like a less impactful Heatran.
            The movie doesnt even explain why it exists. I dislike that.


Its just rare? Ig?
                That's my gripe with some legendaries. You have really cool legendaries, and then you have Zeraora, Zarude, Heatran and Volcanion who just exist.
                    [deleted]
                        I miss how those side quests would open up new areas on the map as well! Really felt like you were getting to delve into undiscovered areas and learn more about the regions secrets
                Pokemon movies after Gen 4 just became incomprehensible tbh. 

Like, there's a chance it might've actually explained things, but you could've easily missed it because of all the random *Stuff* going on.
            Volcanion is genuinely one of my favourite mythicals yet it got done so dirty. they literally hinted at it living at the power plant then never followed up and it pissed me off. same with Diancie being similar to the Anistar sundial.
        Legendaries being released at gamestop started long before sword and shield. So many early gen events had their key item only obtainable at a GameStop. Sure, you still had to catch them, but GameStop events are not a recent thing.
            Yeah, and let’s not forget that a good chunk of legendaries from older gens can’t be obtained without cheats/glitches anymore due to mystery gift shit in addition to the whole gamestop thing
                I think all Mythicals from Gen 1-4 are now available without Mystery Gift in one way or another. Some require save files from separate games, but it's better than them being locked off to Mystery Gift.
                    Someone set up custom servers for wifi mystery gift in gens IV and V so getting all mythicals up to gen V as well as any event that was ever done over wifi is actually pretty easy. 

https://youtu.be/x2dmNCt6WJo

It seems it's still working as of just one month ago.
                Pokemon go fixed this for the most part, a good chunck of mythicals can be obtained legit both shint and regular, and can just semd them to home
                    You can't transfer them from Home to SwSh, though (unless you already got one in that game)
            Sometimes you didn't even need to catch them in game. I still have 5 copies each of Shiny Raikou, Entei, and Suicune that I received while sitting in the parking lot at GameStop swapping between gen 4 cartridges. That was 2011, I believe, but there were certainly retailer events prior to that
                Yeah I started with gen 3 and I wasn't really old enough to just go the gamestop events on my own so I've missed basically every event prior to mystery gift events.
        I honestly loved Type-Null being a legendary counter, and having an entire section of the game surrounding its lore.
        >They lost me when every legendary was released at GameStop or something…

So Gen 3? 

And in Japan, Gen 2?
        >Poipol

I thought you were just making a name up but googled it just to make sure... dang.
            The only reason I remember it is because the name is like a weird accent version of the word purple which I find funny
    It's not even the amount for me, it's the mythos around them. Like Dialga and Palkia are cool, time and space whatnot.

And then there's Heatran. Who just kind of exists, I guess? They don't feel any more legendary than the Lapras you got in RBY.

There's way too many legendaries that are just called legendary for no reason. Urshifu is legitimately just a regular pokemon, I don't even understand.
    Gen 4 really went way overboard.
        IMO Gen V went overboard with three groups of legendaries. Tornadus, Thundurus, and Landorus really didn’t need to be included in the game and should’ve been introduced later with Enamorus like in Legends Arceus.
            I'm on board with this just so we could have 3 generations of competitive without Lando-T
            Gen 5's legends are associated with the starters.

Starters gen 5 are French Japanese Chinese related.

So the trios are french inspired, japanese inspired, chinese inspired.
                Wait which ones are French? Meloetta?
                    Swords of Justice are the Three (then four) Musketeers, which is from a French novel! :)
                        Oh I forgot those exist :/
                    poor Meloetta got lore in the anime but never in the game. was so disappointed when I played BW and the civilisation from the anime never appeared
                Wow you’re right I never saw that.
                    Actually made me appreciate them a lot more
            I think the Forces of Nature are cool conceptually but the designs themselves are just aesthetically horrible (except Thundurus-T, he’s honestly alright looking, but literally everything else sucks). They should have been like living stormclouds in the shapes of humanoids/animals instead of the wrinkly ass old men we got
            Tornadus, Thundurus, and Landorus imo have very interesting lore, Tornadus and Thundurus being Rivals like Groudon and Kyogre but at a lesser scale with Landorus coming in to handle the battle between the two.

I really like Legendary Trios where the three members don't exactly love eachother or acknowledge eachother as equals since it just makes it all the interesting and funny you can put the two rivals in the daycare and they won't wreck havoc at all
        There a panel in the adventure manga in the platinum arc with all the legendaries and mythicals (I think only manaphy was missing) it showcase perfectly how gen 4 went overboard with it.
    I HATED baby lugia. It completely destroyed the mystery and awe of legendaries
        it added another layer of awe for me actually. I love speculative biology and ecology so I was curious as to how a baby Lugia exists, and does that imply every Lugia we see is different, or was this a one off miracle?
    I feel like this applies to Mythical Pokemon as well. Pokemon like Mew, Celebi, and Jirachi had that mystical, enigmatic aura around them, while Legendaries always felt like they represented higher powers. Nowadays though, Mythical Pokemon like Zarude, Zeraora, Urshifu, and Meltan have virtually none of the appeal of previous Mythicals, and there are so many Legendaries that they don't feel unique anymore. The Galarian Legendary Birds were the final nail in the coffin; Legendaries were always portrayed as being one-of-a-kind to me, and there being Galarian variations on these powerful, unique Pokemon just ruins the mystique and appeal. There's nothing that sets them apart, anymore.
    It's not the quantity, it's the handling.  The Regis being found in hidden caves around the region after you solve a series of puzzles?  That was really cool.  Shaymin lives in the Flower Paradise, which you access by crossing a humongous land bridge.  Extremely evocative.  Victini has Liberty Island, Ho-oh has the Tin Tower and the Kimono Girls, the best legendaries are the ones that tell interesting stories about the world they live in.

The worst legendaries are the mythicals that are just handed to you without any fanfare.  They could've put a special Diancie room in Reflection Cave, but instead it's just handed to you.  Is there a location special to Magearna?  If there is, we'll never see it, just like we'll never see the jungle Zarude came from.  But it's the ordinary legendaries too, just to a lesser degree: Terminus Cave holds Zygarde but... not much else.  No lore, no interesting structures, just a cave with a Legendary in it.  Even Mewtwo has this whole 'I escaped from the Pokemon Mansion and fled to the deepest darkest place I could find' thing going on.
    Opposite of controversial.
You should be able to complete the pokédex by yourself in any game.
    Pokemon's tagline: "Gotta catch em all!"

Actual pokemon games: "Hahaha we gave the haunter an everstone as a prank. Who cares about people who cant trade. Screw them."
        [deleted]
            r/FuckMindy
                >r/FuckMindy

There truly is a subreddit for everything
            It took me 12 years to get a gengar and when I finally did it was only because I got fed up with the official games and was playing the romhack Moon Emerald specifically because I could get trade evolutions. Trade evolutions and version exclusives have never been about having fun with friends, its just a way to sell more games.

Wait sorry did I say twelve? I meant TWENTY.

Im pretty sure that in a game series about catching pokemon the players shouldnt have to resort to playing fan made romhacks just to actually do what is supposed to be the MAIN point of the entire series: catch em all.
                Honestly every game should have a character like the move deleter in HG/SS but he will just trade you so you can get you gengar, alakazam  etc.
                    Legends Arceus introduced an item the specifically has this function.  It is a crime that it won't be returning in other games.
                Believe it or not, it actually 100% was about having fun with friends based on the creator’s childhood catching bugs with friends.
                    Fair. Still a really frustrating feature for someone who never has someone to trade with and there are lots of reasons not to beyond "having no friends". Like simply having friends that dont have pokemon. Or not owning a link cable. My friends played but didnt have a link cable. When gen 4 first came out, I was the only one who got one. I had multiple friends with a nintendo ds but I was the only one with a pokemon game so we played mario kart.
                I agree that trade evolutions should be more accessible, maybe adding the link cable to the BP shop, but trade evolutions and version exclusives were designed to make Pokémon a social game. Like obviously now in the age of the internet (and when Pokémon is the largest media franchise, not just a one-off game by a newish company) version exclusives are a little less “exclusive” because it takes like two minutes to post on a forum and find, but back in the day everyone was talking about their Pokémon because if you didn’t have the dex entry, you’d only know it existed if another trainer had it.

Idk maybe it’s a “you had to be there” moment but I remember when Emerald had just come out and it was just a whole different game pre-DS era. Like my friends and I were astound when we found out the clam evolved into the eel and were excited to trade with each other. I get it’s different now but I don’t think saying trade evos and version differences “have never been about having fun with friends” is fair to the series
                continue wistful soup dull flag automatic tender yoke squealing absorbed

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
        That's just the english slogan. It was poorly translated from "Get Pokemon"
    In PLA you can but yeah all games at least main series need to be like that
        And they’ll probably never add that feature to any future games
    I think Wonder Trade and the GTS has softened the blow a lot, but trade evolutions are still dumb.
    How is this controversial?
        [deleted]
Every single Pokémon in a given region should be available in that region's respective game. That is: version exclusives and mythicals are not a good feature.


If you want to "encourage" people to trade with their friends, then make Pokémon have drastically different spawn rates in respective games (e.g. 1% rate in Sword but 99% rate in Shield). That way players can trade with friends for the easiest completion but someone who simply prefers to play/grind the game solo can catch anything they want to.


Also what do mythicals encourage? People to type a code in that they found on the internet, then throw them in the box and never use them again? It would be much better to make them prizes for achievements (clearing the Pokémon League/Battle Tree X amount of times etc.). That way people could earn them, meaning they'd still be rare but any player would have the opportunity to still catch them. At the moment, players who may be busy during events or maybe who don't have parents to drive them to Game/GameStop or whatever just have to miss out on some mythicals.
    The fact that PLA made it possible to get all Pokémon accessible in the game was mind-blowing. I liked that they kept the trade feature but making the game possible to complete as a single player was the best thing they’ve come up with in a long time.
        Could not agree more! Even the Starters, which really surprised me!
That's how every game really should be imo
        What's sad is that we'll never see that happen in a mainline game.
            Who knows. I feel like Legends Arceus was partially intended to try out a bunch of different new features to see how people reacted. I'm cautiously optimistic.
                I don’t know. If there’s anything the Pokémon series is known for, it’s introducing features that the fans love (follower Pokémon, super contests, mega evolutions) just to inexplicably drop them the next entry.
                    Why did you have to go and remind me of all of that? :(
                    Yeah, I miss HMs, Safari Zones, and Secret Bases.
                        Secret bases would be awesome with today technology
                            They brought them back in bdsp they just took out 99% of what people liked
                I can respect that attitude. I'm hoping you're right!
            I'm gonna be "that guy" and point out that PLA is a main line game. It's officially recognized as one by the developers, so we already have seen it in a main line game. As such we're quite likely to see it again, even if only in another legends style game
        Shaymin ad Darkrai are kinda like version exclusives but yeah all other mons can be gotten without needing anyother game or trading or home
    I've never had an issue with mythical's but you're absolutely right and I can't forget that idea now.  Give them all a little quest like Victini in Black/White or a challenege reward like you said.

And I think the dual versions are long overdue to go away.  As you suggested there are plenty of ways to keep the feeling of dual games and encourage trading without releasing the same game twice.
        I think Arceus was an example of mythicals done right. You may have needed to have saves from other games, But there was no codes. And both darkrai and shaymin had pleasant little quests to get them. And then all the others had quests too. It was wonderful to see imo.
            Yea, Arceus was a good implementation as well.  I'd rather they be base game but save file restrictions is an acceptable compromise.
                Kinda sucks that they were shiny locked, but so was every other legendary in that game, so it gets a pass...kind of (still irks me a bit).

I definitely would like to see more quests like that. I really don't like just being handed Mythicals because of some arbitrary "you were playing the game at X place or X time". I want the chance to earn them.
        I think dual versions should still exist, but they should be more justified. Like, picking a version isn't just "forced trading" or anything, as much as that drawback does suck. I think it's better described as like, a way for players to express themselves? Does one appeal to you more than the other? Red or blue? This legendary or the other? Etc.


But if you leave it at just the boxart legendary, what's the point?
            That I could go along with.  If there were actually substantial differences I would be more open to dual versions.  But so far no pairs of games have had any differences that you couldn't replicate the same effect in one game with some creative mechanics.  They even proved they can replicate the boxart choice in a single version in Legends Arceus and the Latias/Latios choice in Emerald.  The only difference I can see not being replicable are the different areas in Gen 5 and that wasn't used enough to justify.

I say that the GTS should have killed the 2 versions as they are implemented and that it's just greed that keeps them around.
                I'd say Scarlet and Violet are definitely introducing more Version Exclusive Variety, what with the Professors, Main Hub Aesthetics (School Colours), and even thematics (Scarlet = Past, Violet = Future)
                    Black and white already did the future/past thing, I’m hoping scarlet and violet do more with that concept. The different professors is a good start.
                Fire Emblem Fates did the concept of two versions really well, I think a lot of ideas could be pulled from there.
    I would love for the mythical to be tied to something in game. Exactly what you described tends to happen for me with very rare exceptions. Give me a reason to do other things than “to see how far you can get”. I was originally excited for the never ending dynamax adventures but only did it once because there was no real reason to do them anymore.
        I love the dynamax adventures.
It gave me a fun good coop experience with friends.

I’ll miss it
            I very much enjoy the regular dynamax adventures, sure it had some faults but overall it was a fun way to add coop and a way to mix up shiny hunting. I am hopeful for some of the possibilities for coop play in SV.
    Best mythical ever made? Victini during the launch period of Black and White.

You can get it before the third gym, it's level 15, it's part psychic so you can't quite dump on the bug gym leader, and importantly, you have to *catch* it, it's not given to you.

If all mythicals were like it they would be a better concept.
        You are exactly right. Wish I could say the same about New and Deoxys in Gen 3 but those distributions were literally never made (another reason not to have mythicals be exclusive to event distributions!)
        Plus, it was a WiFi event, meaning you didn't have to worry about having the right store nearby, or your store getting passed up even if you did have one. It was the first mythical I was able to get for that reason.
    Me, trying to think up ideas for a fangame reading your mythical distribution idea:
The series has never lived up to its potential. For a series where the appeal is the massive cast of customizable party members, you’re never encouraged to pick from more than a fraction of the already limited amount of Pokémon that are practically available.
    This is why X and Y are my favourites, no nuzlock is the same. Most routes have PLENTY of options. This hasn’t really been the case since.
        I’m playing X for the first time right now. I have 93 pokemon caught so far and I’m not even at the *second* gym
            I had I believe 237 by the champion in my last playthrough Pokémon x is by far my favorite Pokémon game
            Blazeblack and Voltwhite ruined the normal games for me
                Rom hacks and fan games in general ruined normal games for me. You get one hit of the “better game design” drug and you can’t go back
                    Yeah. Drayano should’ve been hired by Game Freak a long time ago.
        X/Y had the perfect size Pokédex and it’s sad they’ve all been smaller since.
        It’d go further to say that Pokemon Super Mystery Dungeon (the gen 6 equivalent) is an example of what mainline pokemon could’ve looked like if it lived up to its full potential.


* Every pokemon in existence (at the time) was obtainable in this one game (the only exception is that Hoopa specifically will always be a “visitor” in your party and not a playable character). 



* Every major character returns from the previous games. While you can only recurit one of each pokemon, it is canonized that all these pokemon are the same characters you saw in the previous games. The Wigglytuff you meet is the same from Explorers. The rayquaza you see is the same from Rescue Team / Rescue team dx. The list goes on and they all have unique dialogue that makes it apparent.




* Instead of being locked to one region, there is a liner service that lets you travel to other continents and explore different portions of the world. You can pretty much revisit old places featured in other games (treasure town, shaymin village, poster town and pokemon square cannot be visited, but their existence is referenced). 


* Gameplay was greatly optimized and improved. Many of the improvements it brought were included in Rescue Team DX on the switch.


* The story is really good. Admittedly it doesn’t execute some portions as well as it could have, but it is significantly better than the main games. I know somebody will say “bUt iTs NoT As GoOd As ExPlOrErS oF sKy,” but it doesn’t have to be a flawless masterpiece to be enjoyable. The very end of the main story & epilogue is somewhat lackluster but very much subversive for long time fans (though, I’d love to see this improved in a remake one day).
    Yknow I had never considered this but you're absolutely right. Every game up until PLA, I'd only ever catch about 20 Pokémon per game (legendaries and all included) and would only actually use 6 throughout the game.

The fact that some Pokémon just straight up suck (and can't be used as a Tank, HM dummy or serve any other purpose) means that most players will generally only use a handful of Pokémon collectively.

Not quite translatable but one thing I remember telling a friend about Monster Hunter was "it's great, if you're just playing for fun, then literally every weapon is OP. Use whatever you like!".
Pokémon could use a bit more of that!
        I think alot has to do with how routes are set up. They do feel strategically set up with more unattractive pokemon being more easily obtainable than the "cool" ones. And when its easy to get an attractive one early in the game, everyone does it. Like if you thought Altaria, Salamence, Flygon were cool back in the day, you most likely stopped giving a fuck once you found out you could get Trapinch early and ur team naturally molded to the point where you could care less about running into Swablu/Shelgon at like the 7th gym lmao
        Because the games are so easy, there's no need to ever strategize or change up your team. You can just steamroll with 6 attackers with decent type coverage. It would be great if it was challenging enough to make you consider adding walls or terrain damage in single player.
            I feel attacked, that's my playing strategy, and I don't want for it to not be viable. Playing that way brings me joy.
                Which is why difficulty levels make too much sense
        I actually haven't had fun with the catching mechanic since the well-done, rewarding rare spawns in Sapphire like Skitty, Slakoth, and Shroomish...

PLA doesn't interest me in the slightest with such a focus on it, but I'd love to experience it better in a newer Scarlet & Violet. I say it every time, but finally maybe a good pokemon game again?  *cries in memory of gen 5*  (I thought gen 5 was the worst so far when it came out too, but still enjoyed it, but I'd take ten gen 5's over one Gen 6, 7, or 8)
    Pokemon Legends Arceus does a bit to encourage cycling out your team. I wonder if they'll develop that idea further.
    I agree somewhat. it is a shame that more Pokémon aren't as useable/viable. But honestly in most vanilla play throughs you can pretty much get away with using whatever you want. Sure in competitive that list falls off drastically. But I remember playing through SwSh and being pleasantly surprised by my team that was not very impressive in the stat department. I think my issue is not the lack of selection but the lack of tools to help speed up training. I know a lot of people complain about the EXP share. But what's the point of an interchangeable roster if the Pokémon I want to swap in is 30-40 levels below my current squad? so then I'm stuck grinding wild Pokémon... maybe include an area in each region that's like the battle frontier (but not end game) where we can train against random trainers or something? Idk
    Are you saying that it was a bad idea for them to add new Pokémon like houndoom, sneasel, and misdreavus in gold and silver, but make them entirely unavailable until after you've already beat the main game?
/u/spez can gargle on my nuts
    Yup. I’ve stated on these threads that I’ve always disliked megas, and they’re the catalyst for this gimmick nonsense (also they’re never come back, it’s been like 5 years, give it a freaking break)

And I’ve been downvoted so hard. Because how DARE I besmirch the honor of megas!!!!

You think we wanted that controversial opinion here?

Megas are beloved by all-tow the company line or we’ll destroy you
        Regional variants are what Megas should really have been if I'm honest.
            That and actual new evolutions for some pokemon that literally don't have an evolution but do have a mega
Pokemon is the biggest media franchise in the world but most of it came from merchandise, not the game itself.

At this point, I think the game is merely a catalyst so they could pump out new merchandise. This is why they constantly pumping some kinda unpolished new gen every 3 years. .
    The company is taking clear notes from Sanrio: it’s a lifestyle brand that happens to have video games, not the other way around.
    Merch specially TCG and the anime
    Yet most of the really nice merch that would sell well is japan exclusive and hard to get. It is mostly the card game though.
        [deleted]
    That's not just an opinion, it's a fact as far as I'm concerned.
    They *have* the money to give the games a bigger budget or hire bigger teams to accompany the strenuous annual workload. It just depresses me that Game Freak and a concerning number of their associates are so inept that most spinoffs tend to have better graphics, animation (and in some cases *stories*) than the mainline games.
    They would do a lot better if they took their time. Imagine if instead of lgpe, bdsp and pla, we got more time and effort put into swsh and sv for bigger more open games with fuller pokedex's. They spread themselves too thin on these spinoffs. You could even have a company like ilca that just focuses on the dlc or something
Pokemon should be more of a “event” IP like The Legend Of Zelda or the mainline Super Mario games where they only come out every few years in order to keep the quality level extremely high. Imagine a Pokemon game that was given the same time and effort as Mario Odyssey or Breath Of The Wild. Even a Pokemon game at the level of Dragon Quest XI would be incredible. 

I’m more than ok with longer gaps between games if it meant the product would improve drastically.
May not be unpopular, but I hate how modern games have older Pokemon in their starting routes

Save a good chunk of returning Pokemon for mid-game, seeing Pidgey on Route 1 of Kalos makes me wanna turn off the game all together

When the ratio of old:new is a perfect 50, I don't even wanna keep going
    Shit that’s not even a modern game thing, look at how late most gen 2 mons are in the Johto games. Without the pokewalker in HGSS, you can’t even get a bunch of them like Houndour or Murkrow until you get to Kanto, which at that point are they even Johto mons lmao?
        It's actually BECAUSE of Gen 2 that Gen 3 has very few old mons in it (early on). Game Freak also did not like how Gen 2 turned out.
            > Game Freak also did not like how Gen 2 turned out.

Really? Any chance you have a reference for that?
                There isn't one. To my knowledge they've never said that and if they had, HGSS would not have turned out the way they did.
        Thats also why many fans completely forget that some pokemon like skamory are gen2 not gen3. They're so late in the game that they are often overlooked because your team is already made
        For many years, I thought houndoom was gen 3, because I don't recall seeing one until then.
    I agree, which is why I hail Gen 5 so much and loathe Alola just the same amount. Gen 5 had all the Pokémon post game but allowed you to only go through the story using new Pokémon. Alola was the opposite, I completed the game using older Pokémon despite hunting for newer Pokémon and the only Alolan Pokémon on my team was the shittiest prolly 0IVs Mimikyu. I ran around that haunted gas station store for 5 hours I shit you not before finding that Mimikyu. It barely stayed in the pokeball. Completely turned me off of Alola because I had my Rowlett and Mimikyu and team of old Pokémon. Kalos has their regionals more abundant but like in Alola, finding the anchor Pokémon is only in one square in near the E4 fishing. Mimikyu only in that stupid store. So on and so forth.
        It doesn't help that most Gen VII Pokemon are not only limited to a few areas, but had outright abysmal encounter rates in SM.
Trade evolutions (especially those with items) are just terrible
    Being able to evolve those mon directly in Arceus with an item was awesome
        I hope they keep that feature for all future games. I couldn't use trade evolutions as a kid, and even now I have to find and trust a random stranger on the internet to help me if I want to evolve one.
    Or you can be like gen 5 and make it so two different Pokémon have to be traded with each other to evolve.  Actually?  Just about any evolution requirement that relates to trading is awful.
        I'm replaying White2 lately and caught an Elekid thinking "Oh shit, this way I can make him evolve into an Electivire", which has always been one of my favourites electric type

Fortunatley I cecked on Bulbapedia first, but man :(
    In what world is that a controversial opinion.
    ESPECIALLY in Gen 1-2, I just straight up never got any trade evos in the first few games. Wasnt until around Diamond/Pearl I got my first Gengar and Scizor because trade was at least a little more accessible by then.
Gen6's minigames should have stayed. Especially Super Training
After playing a few difficult hacks and fan games, I’ve come to realize that Pokémon games being easy is one of the franchise’s greatest virtues. It allows you to play any way you want with very little limitation. As much as I think more difficulty can be fun, it’s hard to ignore that most Pokémon are not viable for those kinda of play throughs. Some of my favorite Pokémon are truly abysmal and it would be impossible to complete a game if it were any harder. By making the games easy, you really can play and win with your favorites.
    Honestly some of my favorite mons are also terrible (Furret, Jumpluff, etc) but I still want the games to be challenging. I don't mean make all the characters have 1837293738 hp, or make them 1hko, but I'd like smarter AI. I love playing competitive using "useless" pokemon like Gorebyss against people who use ridiculous meta stuff, for me it's part of the fun finding a way to prevail even against all odds, I guess.Or like, they should buff some mons too, Lilligant's lack of non grass moves is disgusting.
        It’s fun to just breed and raise Pokémon with perfect IVs and EVs that are outclassed horribly in Smogon tiers but so much fun to just wreck in single player. 

Arcanine go brrrrrrr
        For me it's incredible stupid when the literal elite 4 only have 5 Pokémon on their team. I remember that being the case in sword and shield. The champion was the only person in the whole game to have a full team
            There has never been a pokemon game where the elite 4 have had full teams. It's pretty much always been 5 pokemon each except for gens 5 and 6 where they had 4 pokemon each
        This is why I am a huge advocate for a difficulty setting. Let the players have the experience they want.
    Yeah, I think the real problem is that the pokemon games have a large and diverse playerbase, as a result a lot of people look for very different things in terms of their enjoyment from the games. I didn't leave it in here but another controversial opinion of mine is that the let's go games are easily the most enjoyable kanto experiences. Yes, they are easy, yes they add few new things to the games, yes, the go mechanic is weird. But in terms of actually entertaining content it blows FRLG out the water.
        I don't think its too controversial to say that Let's Go is the best kanto.  
The casual play, the overworld encounters, the addition of megas, the shiny hunting, the riding pokemon, the regional forms, the 2 player mode, the ability to play with one hand, the ability to get all 3 starters, the connections to pokemon go, and the best artstyle across all the series (at least the 3d games).  


I'm very glad people are routing for a Let's Go Johto so that we'd be able enjoy them in their best form.
    YES FINALLY SOMEONE UNDERSTANDS TO TRUE STRENGTH OF POKEMON. You can play with whatever team you want, however you want, with little to no repercussions. You want a team full of water types? You'll be screwed against any electric or grass types, but it doesn't matter because you can still win and it'll feel so sastifying
        The nice thing about dual types is you can at least protect yourself against electric using a water/ground type like Gastrodon. Can't think of a good counter for grass rn though
            Tentacruel maybe?
            Water-flying because it synergies very well with water-ground because most AI will use electric moves against the water-flying which gives a free switch in with the water-ground. It's only neutral against grass but I don't think you could do better.
        That doesn’t sound very satisfying tbh. Some of us enjoy having to strategize.
        I dont understand this mentality. You can beat Dark Souls using only a broken ladle, or beat Super Mario without picking up power-ups, or pay off you debt in Animal Crossing by only selling grass and twigs. You can impose arbitrary restrictions on yourself in any game to make it more interesting, challenging, and (hopefully) fun, but that shouldn't justify the game itself lacking any amount of difficulty. I understand and agree with the appeal of playing with a non-optimal team, but I dont understand how you can say that victory is satisfying when the game is so easy that even when playing monotype or something, you still aren't actually challenged.

I know that the issue with pokemon is that the games struggle with negotiating the dissonance between the "digital petting zoo" side of things and the "JRPG that culminates in beating up Al Capone and capturing God" side, which is why I specifically mentioned both Dark Souls and Animal Crossing. One is specifically meant to be very challenging, and one is specifically meant to be very casual, but Pokemon tries to do both (sort of).

I dont mean to sound like I'm judging or telling you how to enjoy your games, it's just that your comment seemed almost oxymoronic from my perspective.
    I just wish there was a switch that let you turn it to hard mode at the beginning. Heck, it could even be hidden like pressing A+B+up pad during the professor speech or something. 

Imagine opening a menu that lets you pick different game modes like randomized Pokémon, or Nuzlocke, or whatever. The original true game will remain but it will give more options to appeal to other players. 

Surely something like this cannot be beyond the best selling franchise of all time.
        >I just wish there was a switch that let you turn it to hard mode at the beginning

And that's all there needs to be.  A way to toggle the difficulty and have it not require you to finish the story first.
        This is how me and my friends view it. Don't get me wrong, I still absolutely adore Pokémon, but I just wish there were difficulty options at the very least because let's be real, the games are easy. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, not at all, but a simple difficulty option with scaling levels and better AI surely can't be that much of an issue to add.

Like you pointed out Pokémon is by far the biggest franchise, it's a shame that they aren't a bit more adventurous with them.
    There is a difference between easy and brain dead. The game now tells you what is the best move to use highlighting what is super effective. There is no strategy or game knowledge needed when the game boils down to spam 1 attack 3 times because 95% of trainers don't have more pokemon than that.

A hard mode would be greatly appreciated
        Yep I was about to comment the same thing. I don’t have a problem with an easy game but I’d like *some* amount of challenge because otherwise I just streamroll through the whole game spamming A to beat a trainer with 5 Magikarps.

There has to be a middle ground between a hard mode and the mind numbing easiness we have now.
    I'm not looking for it to be Kaizo hard, I'm just looking to not sweep EVERY team I come across (including GL and E4) in a few clicks of the A button without any thought. I'm not asking for every low level trainer to be Ash Ketchum, but I am asking for a few of them to make me use Defense Curl.

I don't want a breeze, but I don't want a task. I want a challenge.

(Kirby: Crystal Shards vs. Forgotten Realms is a good example. Forgotten Realms is little too easy and there aren't many puzzles. Crystal Shards was just enough of a challenge where I feel like I had to "try" to win, but without having to grind and become a "try hard gamer" like some games. Both are fun, but one is a little more stimulating and has a more fulfilling achievement value.)
We are on a trend of adding a new mechanic every generation.

&#x200B;

I think its unnecessary..
    And then never bringing it back lol which is even worse

Especially when they're stupid like z moves
        Z moves seem cool until you watch the animation for twinkle tackle of Xerneas
            Twinkle Tackle doesn't look good on any Pokemon, really.
                Twinkle Tackle is silly on purpose, because Fairy.

But Tectonic Rage kicks the ass of any Max move.
        This is my problem. I liked the mega evolutions. they were new twists on old pokemon and required you to use them strategically. 

and we get crap like gigamax now? I guess all that time they spent on those models is completely wasted.
    This isn't an unpopular opinion at all.
    And it will probably be removed in a gen or two :c
    Absolute coldest opinion
    Not really controversial
    I'm going to take the opposite opinion because I know what you're saying is popular.

I absolutely like that each generation looks like it's going to get it's own battle mechanic that doesn't carry over to future generations. I feel it helps to give each generation of Pokemon battling (VGC specifically, but also singles when they aren't broken in 1v1s like Dynamax) it's own feel.

Tying the mechanics into the region helps to give the region it's own identity, which is also a positive.
Releasing 2-4 versions of the same game for full price is some serious bullshit.
    Yeah usum pissed me off pretty hard. Thought it’s be a huge expansion on the original but it was 90% the same. Total waste.
omega ruby and alpha sapphire were fantastic remakes and games
    Agreed. I have Alpha Sapphire and I love it! Probably my favourite features are the DexNAV and soaring! I actually got my first shiny from using the DexNAV :)
    I stand with my opinion being that ORAS > HGSS
        IMO the worst thing about HGSS is that it gold/silver weren't very good games to begin with.
            Yeah, I hate how they never fixed johto's atrocious problem that being there's not much ways to have a mostly johto pokemon team, and the cool new evolution Pokemon introduced in gen 4 were barely usable here because you just can't meet the requirements in some ways (like how you can't find a shiny stone for togekiss).


HGSS added, uhh following pokemon, much better looks and that pretty much it
                >HGSS added

Gym leader rematches in the Saffron City Dojo, and... Yeah you got me there. I might be biased lol
            The Kanto side is honestly just bad in both games. It's a wow moment for sure but after the excitement stops you realise it's a dead empty region with not much to do
    Is this really a controversial opinion though?
Not EVERYTHING in Pokemon HAS to be about battling. Tbh I'd like a little less focus on battling throughout the anime and even maybe in the games. At least PL: Arceus is a start from what I hear though 🤷
    I miss the contests honestly
        I liked how they were done in HGSS with the olympics style thing, but also like classic contests from RSE. Wish there was room for both.
        I didn't like how the contests work in-game. I liked how they worked in the show. I wouldn't mind a spin-off game with contests closer to the anime.
    There’s a few quests in PLA that let you put Pokémon into Jubilife Village, and it’s an absolute joy to walk down the street now and see a place that once was only humans now also filled with Pokémon.

There’s also some fun little research quests like studying Clefairy’s reaction to the full moon. Fun little treat from a series whose player-facing science has mostly been “write a three-sentence report.”
        The pokemon you give villagers actually retain all their characteristics too! If you gave someone a small Wurmple, they'll have a small Dustox later. If you gave someone a shiny alpha Geodude, later they'll have a shiny alpha Golem.
            iirc only the wurmple evolves, the rest of the mons are static since you can swap most of them with something else from your box. But your right in them retaining their characteristics in the overworld
    Oh my gosh yeah! I'd love a game where it focuses more on aspects like contests, musicals, pokeathlon, I wanna see my mons having fun not just punching each other.
        I think the Pokémon ranger games are seriously underrated. I played the shit out of the first one and the world feels so alive and just so like what a Pokémon world would be like.

That and mystery dungeon especially are arguably as good if not better than the main series games.
    My friends and I (biology folks) call PLA “Fieldwork: The Game”. I loved the focus on Pokémon themselves and building their relationships with humans.
    That’s why I liked Sun & Moon so much in the anime. It’s just kinda like “here we are in paradise what are we gonna do today?”
Don't know if it is controversial but I think that pokemon games should stop These "swap pokemon x to evolve it into pokemon y".
It's fine that there are two seperate games with different pokemon, I mean this is their money Strategie, but needing to rely on other people willing to swap with you is quite annoying in my eyes.

I like These games for their Story and to be able to play them solo without any pressure from outside. It's also fine that I need to swap some pokemon with other people to complete the pokedex. But the need to swap pokemon just to evolve is quite annoying in my eyes.

Also - it would be nice to get ingame Information how pokemon evolve instead of either level them to level 80 just to realise it evolves in a different way or just to Look it up online.
    Rip my run where I played with male combee until past level 50
    It's been 2 consecutive generations that we didn't have any new trade evolutions. If Scarlet & Violet bring back the Linking Cord from Legends: Arceus, they might be getting rid of trade evolutions for good
Legends Arceus is the first game to make me feel like a kid since b/w. Even with its faults it’s my favorite game in many years.
    Totally agree. I thought removing abilities and changing up how turn-based combat works was a little weird but didn't mind it too much.

And everything else about the game was absolutely fantastic. I especially liked the open world exploration/catching and the cool regional variant Pokémon.
    Hard agree! I think it's the most pokemon-y pokemon game since the first gen--a completely different style of play that encourages you to ACTUALLY catch all the pokemon and learn about them. A game that shows the relationship between people and pokemon, rather than just telling about it. A game that encourages curiosity and exploration and experimentation! PLA was one of the first games in years to give me that absolute childlike joy/wonder, in spite of all of its faults
    Legends Arceus is full stop the best Pokemon game ever made, flawed or not.
        I loved it too. And it seemed like a prototype for Scarlet/Violet and the new games seem like a Sword/Shield/Legends Arceus hybrid. 

Also hot take, I think Sword and Shield did more things right than wrong. And I got a lottt of post game hours doing raids and post game content. Probably more than I have with most pokemon games. On gameboy you typically had maybe 5-10hrs of stuff to do after pokemon league, sw/sh was almost endless.
    It's what I've wanted from a pokemon game since I first saw the anime as a kid. It's the only game where the pokemon feel like they're wild animals and you're exploring their world.
    The biggest two problems with PLA are the unclear initial explanation on what the Pokédex wants, and the draw distance the game is forced into on Switch. The game isn’t empty; it just can’t render! Other than that it’s the best game they’ve put out since Ultra Moon, my opinion.
Blue killed his raticate
    I thought Red did that
        One could argue blue did it because he lost to red
    The raticate commites seppuku
Cradily is underrated imo
The nature system should be done away with and replaced with something else as most Pokémon do well with only 1 or 2 natures and otherwise have stunted potential. Furthermore, IVs should be folded into EVs. Just add the 31 extra points to each stat for EVs. The IV system only serves to prolong the breeding process. If part of the allure of Pokémon is that each Pokémon is unique, then something should be done to make them unique without relegating most Pokémon (those without perfect IVs and natures) to inferiority. Perhaps give them randomly generated differences in appearance? Like a special mark or backstory in the summary? 

Also I think egg moves should be easier to obtain. Perhaps let Pokémon in the same egg group just share abilities when placed together in the daycare, not just Pokémon of the same species?
    That's a well thought-out opinion and I'm upvoting because I don't like it, so well done on being well-thought-out and controversial.

Counterpoint: Lore-wise, Pokemon each have their own inherent personality, and dropping that in favor of making it easier to grind for competitive purposes is a bad idea. Natures give a little more life to the Pokemon world, and it goes against the spirit of the story to breed-grind for the "perfect" Pokemon instead of taking an "inferior" Pokemon that you've bonded with and winning as the underdog.

Counter-suggestion: Competitive play should just let you pick your stats exactly like Showdown does. If there's no point in breed-grinding to get a perfect nature, then there shouldn't be much point in EV grinding to get perfect stats either. Both are treating Pokemon as tools to be bent and shaped as you see fit and discarded when no longer useful.
        Admittedly it would be ideal to let the games function like Showdown and let you modify your Pokémon for the Battle Tower/Frontier and Competitive at will. So your counter suggestion would achieve the same result. I just don’t know if GameFreak would be willing to finally give up the ghost and just lay out the system like that rather than continuing to hide behind the veneer they’ve created. 

They’ve become a lot friendlier to competitive Pokémon modification in-game by allowing nature changes, IV manipulation, and even items that unlock the hidden ability of a Pokémon. But they still insist on hiding the whole thing behind the dedicated grind. My suggestion was primarily to give them an out so they could truthfully maintain that “all Pokémon are special” while also truthfully maintaining that “all Pokémon have potential for greatness” without having to pop the hood and show off the engine.
    I don't think natures are bad. In casual play, there's still plenty of wiggle room to win with a Pokemon that has a terrible nature. Plus there's only a handful of them and they're very easy to breed for.

But yeah, we really should have something better than hatching a hundred eggs for perfect IVs.
Grinding is awful and I'm so glad the exp share changed.
    Some people would like the option to disable it.

Also one big problem with the diamond and pearl remakes was forced exp share was enabled, but ever battle was using levels from before the full team had the exp share, so you rapidly start to overtake all your opponents without even trying to.
        Omg yes. Please give us the option to disable. It’s good during the main story but during post game I like to keep a Pokémon around level 20-30 as my fodder Pokémon to catch weaker Pokémon.

I hate that it gets leveled up against my wishes.
            I feel your pain friend. I bred myself a scrappy ability pangoro with false swipe in shield.

He is my low level catcher now and I love him. He can even punch ghosts which is hilarious.
        BDSP are honestly the worst mainline Pokemon games, or at least the worst remakes. They're quite literally a copy-paste of the originals, to the point that the same typos and even the same glitches are still in. But of course, what they DID add to the games was done without balancing the rest of the game around it. It's awful.
            Drizzle pelliper was ridiculously broken
        I basically stopped playing that game because I got so over leveled out wasn't fun anymore. 

Super frustrating to play through, I basically just need to remake a team and use that for a while so my main team doesn't ohko everything
    With opinions like this, it's always so clear that the solution would just be to give players the option. Genuinely so glad that the new exp share works well for you but it doesn't work well for others.

Why can't they just give us a simple toggle to switch it on and off? That's all it would take to please both camps 🤷
        Exactly, I don't get why people don't want a switch. I keep the exp on since I love catching multiple pokemon and having them all around the same level so I can rotate my team, but if someone wants to have the exp off let them!!
            Right. No one* was griping about it in Gen 6 or 7 when Exp Share was on by default. You could always turn it off and there were folks who did (hi, I'm one of them). The complaining about Exp Share largely started with Gen 8 when they took the option to turn it off away. There was no need to do that.

*There will always be a few who complain about anything. You know what I mean so no need to try to correct.
                Also, I'm pretty sure no one cares about EXP sharing being forced in Legends Arceus, because the game was balanced around you catching lots of Pokémon and cycling your team to complete their quests, so in order to have any team members at a reasonable level EXP sharing was practically a necessity

Unfortunately, SwSh wasn't like that
            That and you have to like avoid battles to avoid being overleveled with EXP share. The games aren’t balanced around EXP share.
        I'm pretty sure that's what it was like when it was introduced in X/Y, no idea why they removed it
    I just wish it was an option. I prefer to turn it off to make the game a bit harder and to really force me to switch off my stronger pokemon.
    I like grinding😂 i still turn the exp share off to train each pokemon individually also because of EVs
    Especially in the Johto games
    Grinding is my favorite part of the game. I enjoy when i can just grind in some green grass for an hour or two as i listen to music or chat with my family. I don't like when i have to go into a new area and figure out the next part of the storyline. Meh, maybe it's just me.
    I would agree if I could turn it off yk?
    It's amazing how many of the "controversial takes" in this thread are actually debates with really simple solutions:

A goddamn toggle button

Hate the new exp share? Toggle it off

Game is too easy? Difficulty toggle
    Comments like this are mind boggling to me.  Legit what game do you need to grind in?  Maybe before the first gym for a short bit but that's it.  Do people count battling trainers as grinding?
        I’m guessing some people skip trainers and are then under leveled? I have no idea honestly.
            I've fought like 90% of the trainers the the game (Which you know, is the gameplay) and have never been underleveled minus sometimes at the Elite 4.
        Uh heartgold and soulsilver are very grindy. Not a single time I’ve fought the gym leaders within 3 levels of their highest level mons. And that’s after grinding to put the party within 5 levels so they wouldn’t get knocked out in one hit.
can we please limit “what are your controversial opinions” posts to at least one per week I see one of these every day and the replies are just the same 5 opinions worded slightly different
    Woah man, this is just too controversial.   Theres a line dude.
    Why are you complaining about seeing clowns when you come to the circus?
I really want more focus on "girly" pokemon aspects, from costumizations, to sidegames (contests, cooking, baking, movies, musicals, dressup). I feel like girly costumization peaked in gen 6 and then everything felt less and less feminine.Also buff girly pokemon I'm tired of my favorite cute mons all being weak, the few exceptions being mostly mythicals.I'd also like for them to put more care into the friendship aspect of the pokemon, I feel like many people are pretty heartless nowadays to people who have grown attached to their pokemon (I still have my first starter) with the dexit situation.

I'd also like ribbons to actually be wearable on the pokemon, and maybe be more creative with pokemon stickers. In general I want the game to try have more risks exploring these unconventional aspects.
    Gen 6 is honestly my favourite because of the great customization for guys specifically, the later games had garbage guy clothes.
    I agree and some of these things shouldn’t even be considered girly imo. I’m a guy and always play as a girl character bc of how much better the customization is, even in Legends Arceus which improved on it, the hairstyles for the girl character are so much cooler.
>I don’t think it’s really that bad that new Pokémon games are easy

I feel like the last few have actually been in a pretty solid place difficulty-wise.  Like not challenging overall, but with the occasional difficulty spike.  The BD/SP elite four were a solid challenge (well tuned teams, good IVs, strats, and items) and that one fight in Legends Arceus  certainly surprised me and kicked my butt the first couple of tries.  

(Also if you need a hard mode, just change from switch to set.  Really changes the dynamic).
    Agree with the switch to set change. It also makes it a more fair battle. The opponent doesnt know what pokemon you're going to send to battle next, so why should you?
    I kind of disagree about BDSP. Yeah the elite four were challenging, but in comparison to the rest of the game, they're insanely difficult. The game should have a good difficulty curve, not smacking the player out of the blue with way more difficult battles after no real challenges the whole game.
        Having a massive difficulty spike is bad game design. It feels like people praise Ultra Necrozma for being so brutally difficult, when to me it felt like I simply couldn't beat it unless I cheesed it.
    I don't know about BDSP, but SwSh is just mind numbingly easy. It's a mash A simulator.


I don't think the series needs to be hard, not many games in the series are, but some are definitely better balanced in a way that encourages the player put in a little effort to beat the game.
        > SwSh is just mind numbingly easy

Oh, I agree, I remember most of the gym leaders being basically Dynamax -> use super effective max move 3 times.  But I think that SwSh is a bit of an outlier difficulty wise.  Both S/M games as well as BDSP had challenging fights.  I guess we'll see with Scarlet and Violet.
            You didn't even need to dynamax tbh
        Never failed a battle in SwSh. The series needs to have adaptive difficulty, the stronger you are the harder the battles.
            Or just a difficulty setting. They’ve literally done it before.
    Yeah ultra sun moon are no walks in the park, the E4 will dump you if you’re not careful or horrsendously overleveles
        Yep.  And its also got the totem Pokemon which get buffs, z-moves, and can 2v1 you.  And ultra Necrozma, which can easily out-speed and 1 shot your entire team if you're not prepared for it.
I had this bad feeling when i played through Sw/Sh on release. Beat the game, no big issues, i always want Harder games but i dont really care too much, but Sword just Didnt do it for me. I still bought the DLC and had some fun with that for a while, but nothing amazing.

With the new games coming up i decided to clear my Sword save and start over, with the dlc already installed, and im having the time of my life. The fact i could go Get Kubfu as early as i could, and the time ive spent in Isle of Armor just made the game feel as long as i needed it to be.

Theres no doubt the DLC saved the games imo, but i Didnt realize just how needed that DLC was, and i do wish i Didnt have to pay extra to Get an enjoyable experience with the game, but at this point i dont Even care, im having a blast with my new playthrough and im probably going to enjoy it until the next games drop.
Jesse and James should be more villainous, gen 5 they were honestly pretty awesome, but then gen 7 was an absolute joke
    They definitely felt more like comical relief 90% of the time in Alola, but they also served that purpose pretty well.
    Jessie and James aren't really particularly bad people really, honestly I think they only try and steal Pikachu every episode because they actually just wanna hang out with Ash and Co.

They're meant to be bumbling comic relief, Giovani is the real Villain.
        They have never been really bad. There's nothing villainous about their version of the Team Rocket..motto/poem thing.
            I mean there is the “to denounce the evils of truth and love” part…
                That's just them justifying lying to themselves on a daily basis
1. There is no more need for 2 versions or 3 versions


2. The gimmicks now are rehashed megas.


3. The legendaries need to be 1 or 2 per generation 


4. The events NEED to be on a cycle program once they are done with updating the base game they are on.


5. Honestly they need to redo the Ice type to be better.


6. Need to restat all pokemon to make since. Onix is a perfect example that it shouldn't be weaker than most pokemon.
    I really like the new gimmicks, but my favorite is still the megas, because my 3 favourite pokemon recieved megas, and thats because i really like the other gimmicks: no pokemon gets excluded. Everyone can use their favourite pokemon and enjoy the new gimmicks. Z-moves are sick (excluding the fairy one), dyna/gigantamax is goofy and fun, and terastalization is something i really wanted since i was a kid (excluding the hats of course, but they dont seem to make the experience worse so it doesn't matter for me). And, after all, if you dont like the gimmicks its simple: just dont use them in your playthroughs.

(Sorry for the ocasional spelling and grammar mistakes, im not a native speaker :D )
    Nothing says onix should be good though. It’s just a big Pokémon
        Joltik, a tini tiny spider, has an attack of 47, onix A SNAKE MADE OF BOULDERS has an attack of 45???? Cotton Candy swrilix has 48. AND A FREAKING BALOON is stronger. Yeah sure, it doesn't have to be quick, nor a special defence tank. But at least make his attack strong. 

And even an elite four has it... Twice
        It’s a signature Pokémon of at least one gym leader, it should be better.
            The fact that it's the signature pokemon of the first gym leader is almost certainly the reason it's not better. They needed a scary-looking pokemon that's actually beatable even if you don't really understand what you're doing yet.
This might be a little of a rant. Shiny hunting is such a waste of time. Not worth spending days upon days of your life for a different colored Pokemon. Just for some minor differences that will probably sit in your box forever unused.
As a Gen 1er, though I'm deep in GSC right now and loving it all, the original games are so flawed.  Combat, puzzles catching rare and Safari Zone pokemon...it's all more a chore than it should be in hindsight.  I've basically never legitimately cought Chansey or Kangaskhan and getting Porygon out of the Game Corner is a waste of time and effort.  It's definitely an achievement to get a full Gen 1 Dex but the older I get the less worth it it seems.
    I dug up my old Gameboy, got my roommate to find his old GBA and cable and bought Blue and Red from eBay and put the Gameboy with Pokemon Red in the bathroom. Whenever I would poop I'd play Pokemon Red, used the glitch to catch Mew and a few months later I caught all 151 Pokemons. 

Tauros was the worst, I woke up with severe diarrhea one day at about 5AM(Lactose intolerance + hubris) and stayed in the toilet for 2 whole hours. It would have been horrible but getting that darn bull made it worth it. Highly recommended!
    If you include the Mew (or I guess Ditto) glitch, they're one of the only main series games where it's possible to complete the Pokédex without trading. It IS a chore, but is possible, and there's definitely a feeling of accomplishment afterwards.

I do think Porygon is too hard to get for what it is. If Porygon2 was in gen 1, sure, it'd be worth it, but for the time, no it wasn't (although you could just Mew Glitch for it).
The game’s aesthetic, mechanics and pacing peaked in the third generation. 

Pokémon’s greatest sin, however, is removing the bicycle and gambling den from Let’s Go.
The most unbelievable thing in the anime, in a world where power friends can do literal magic, is that some ten year old in the middle of heckin nowhere is making macarons from scratch with only the told that fit in a backpack.

I can only suspend my disbelief so far and apparently the line is somewhere above Mewtwo and below macarons from scratch in the forest.
Pokémon is Nintendo’s version of FIFA. Every year, the same game with little changes and slightly better graphics.
    I'll have you know that it's not every year, it's every TWO years!
I don't know if it's controversial, but Ash Ketchum sucks, the anime is boring because of him

Edit: I liked Ash in early seasons, he had a decent development, but then the story stretched so much that the character lost meaning and was ruined, they should have retired him in Johto or Battle Frontier
    I felt the cartoon was good, at least for the Kanto and Johto regions. After that, Ash's lack of character development (and lack of aging) really did things in for me.

I'd have preferred if the writers retired Ash, and started with a new main character + main pokemon. Ash could still have made cameo appearances as a super strong senior trainer and that would have been cool.

Right now its just the same Ash with different side characters and a different set of Pokemon...
        There's the aging thing and there's the fact that evidently he's traveled 8 regions in full in under a year. Seems to me that logically it would have taken at least a couple years but this is the anime we're talking about... I dropped off in the Adv season. Thunder armour killed it for me.
            We got official word on the whole "Ash never ages" thing. They want the anime to have the feeling of an "endless summer", so they point-blank refuse to have Ash grow up, either physically or mentally. (Read: they found a winning formula and don't want to change it.)
        Yeah, then we can have Brendan and Lucas lose their Leagues instead.
        Yeah, i liked Ash in Kanto and Johto, in Battle Frontier too, at those times he did have a good development. They should have retired him at that time
Off the top of my head:

- While I am on the "New Pokemon games are kinda stinky" camp, there is definitely a line between criticism such as "The new Pokemon games aren't as good because they lack single player longevity" and "The new Pokemon games are bad because every single Pokemon doesn't have a unique high quality Tail Whip animation" and a lot of people in the fandom are crossing said line. 

- Even the most trashed on mainline Pokemon games are just mediocre or meh at worst. Even if the content is lacking or the adventure is rather unmemorable, the core gameplay is still very solid. Pokemon is far from having their Sonic 06 or Mega Man X6 moment.

- I'll end with a mean, petty one for a treat: Anyone who says you need to grind to beat Pokemon games before XY are likely the same people who don't use buffs in Megaten games and share memes that say "You go ahead and use Swords Dance the only stat I care about lowering is HP" :p

- EDIT: The mentality of inanimate object Pokemon designs being bad until proven otherwise is kinda funny to me cause I don't see how Pokemon being based on an inanimate object is inherently less creative than all the other Pokemon just being cartoon versions of real animals. "Voltorb is just a pokeball with eyes" yeah and Squirtle is just a blue turtle. "Squirtle isn't just a blue turtle, they ha-" Oop, and Vanillite isn't just an ice cream with eyes, so we're back to square one.
    It also depends what they mean by grind. 

Like, I’m games before x and y, I feel like you definitely need to explore every area relatively thoroughly at a bare minimum both to find Pokemon with type advantage and be leveled appropriately. 

There’s definitely instances of Grinding If for one reason or another you aren’t creating a perfectly  optimal team.
    You are right about the last one, a lot of people I know who say pokemon is very grindy (It's imo, WAY less grindy than other jrpgs I've played before) don't use items, care about EVs or IVs, learn strategy, check their own mon's stats to see if they use physical or special, or know any basics of combat. Of course you'll struggle beating the game if you only teach special moves to a physical mon.
    I agree on the edited in point.  There's, what, three or four categories when it comes to Pokémon designs?

You've got the "Literally just an animal" category, the "Literally just an object" category, the "I can see where they were going with this" category, and the "What the fuck is this?" category.
    To your last point, I could see maaaaaybe needing to grind in gen 2 because the level curve is so jank but that's really it.

Seems like half the fanbase complains the games are too easy while the other half complains that grinding is required to beat them. Are they playing the same games? I remember doing "challenge" runs of the older games as a kid using only my starter for fights, and those were a breeze. 

If you're complaining that the games require grinding and you're not doing a nuzlocke, sorry to say but that's a *you* problem.
No Pokémon design is terrible or bad. 

You just have different taste to other people's. 

One man's trubbish is another man's charizard.
    Truly an unpopular opinion. I personally think there is a higher level of design which shows more thought, care and refinement in some Pokémon compared to others, even if I don't like some of them.

I can see great design choices in pokemon I don't give a rattata's ass about, but also bad ones in the ones I like, despite of those.

As an example, I think Lucario undersells their metal type and I think they were meant to be a fighting/psychic type, the three metal spikes look like an afterthough, the black sensors at the back of their heads and the lore about aura reading and manipulation (a typical thing for professed real world psychics to do) seem like they would represent the psychic element. I love Lucario, but I think these are badly designed.

(Edit: spelling and addition)
    I think there is such a thing as objectively bad design, but everyone loves different Pokemon for different reasons, maybe they carried them through their playthrough, maybe their competitive career is cool or something.
Pokémon games never were hard, they were just grindy.
    Hotter take, the pokemon games where always kinda easy, most of us just played the games when we where todlers
        Even hotter take: earlier gens like gen 1 difficulty came from terrible design decisions and lack of polish rather then actually making it a hard.
        These are the coldest takes I've ever seen.  People repeat exactly what you're saying on this sub literally every single day.
        I was so disappointed when I replayed that one REALLY HARD rival battle in R/S/E. As an adult, I got through it first try.

It was never a hard battle, I was just trying to defeat a wailmer and a marshtomp with a single fire type Pokemon.
    I'm so confused hearing this. Like, HGSS maybe, they're notorious for being grindy.


But like, if you needed to grind to beat gens 3-5, then I think you're more likely just not very good at the game, and it's not that the game is poorly balanced or something.
    With the *possible* exception of the game's superboss (Red, Steven) they aren't grindy at all. Being underleveled isn't a big deal against NPCs that are incapable of strategy.
    If you ever need to grind in a Pokémon game, you are just bad at the game.
Trade evolutions were an awful idea. Game Freak should've just incorporated items to use on your Pokémon to evolve them (ex: the link box seen in the  mystery dungeon franchise).
    Or in-game NPC's do trades for version exclusives and evolutions.
Mine might not be too controversial these days, but in my opinion Generation 5 has aged like fine wine. I remember the generation was received very poorly back when it first came out, particularly in terms of Pokémon designs. Conkeldurr can be erased permanently, but there are some true gems in the Unova region.
    ‘Roided up muppet looking mofo… hate his face… his smug aura mocks me
    shit i actually love conkeldurr 😅
    Growing up, I’ve played gens 1-3, and skipped 4 and 5 because I was in the “eww Pokémon phase”, then I stopped listening to people’s opinions and went back for 6 and 7, and ONLY played gens 4 and 5 during pandemic via very very legal means.

I have no nostalgia for Black and White. And I can say that the games are in top 3 of my personal totem pole of mainline games. The spritework for the games are more memorable than the 3D models, and the scale of things like Castelia feels more grand than Lumiose. The story… well, it’d probably go unappreciated by a 10 year old me, but mid-20s year old me can appreciate the surprising nuance of the main story as well as how fleshed out the gym leaders were. And I think if I played them at the same age I was when the games came out, I could still appreciate it.

It’s the games I *wished* I played during its hay day.
    Most of my favorite Pokemon came from Gen 5. And the fact that TMs became unlimited on it is enough to make it my top 1.
    >Mine might not be too controversial these days, but in my opinion Generation 5 has aged like fine wine.

Yeah this is like, the most popular opinion on the sub rn
    Oh my gosh I remember the hate was so bad back then, I actually had a small fear of pokemon fans 6-10 years my seniors for a long time because of that.

Remember when people said Oshawott was ugly?
Pokémon games are among my favourite and I've enjoyed all of them and the "controversies" haven't affected me in the slightest
    It's always good to know what your opinions are and hold onto them.
Ice should be super effective against rock
    I think that rock and ice should be super effective against eachother as Rock can easily smash Ice and when water freezes into ice in the cracks of rocks, it can break them apart
    I'm not sure about that but they should rework ice type to be more viable. It's defensively the worst type.
You're not "quirky" or "unique" for hating Charizard
    This comment is so funny to me, lmao. Like I get what you're trying to say, people who hate Charizard gain nothing from it, but I also don't think people hate Charizard to be "Quirky and unique" so much as they hate Charizard for being given special attention too often, lol
        I don't hate it, I'm just bored of seeing it.
    Right, you’re just the average fan
dont know how controversial this is but -- well Sun and Moon are one of the best games in the franchise in my opinion
    Hard agree. Beautiful region, fantastic Pokémon designs, amazing score, and characters that have growth and that I actually care about!  Def my favorite game.
    Among my favorite in the Anime too.
    Hey me too!

I also think XY are really really good.
    It has a cohesive and thought out plot that holds up for people looking for that kind of thing but it gets in the way for fans who prefer gameplay, which, given the history of the games is most of the player base that stuck around
    Agree if we’re talking about the Ultra versions
        Disagree if we're talking about the Ultra versions.


Like, why did it change the story? It didn't add onto it, it just outright made unnecessary, seemingly random changes for no reason, when SuMo's story was already praised.


Even if you like UsUm's story better, you can't deny that it's at odds with the original SuMo because of this. It has all these improvements, yet due to the story, it's impossible to call the "definitive" versions of gen 7.
        Very much disagree, Ultra removed and retconned Pokémon's absolute top tier evil villain and made her just a victim.
I don't really like Lucario
Eevee should have been the mascot, not Pikachu.
There. I said the thing.
I think that a lot of people forget that these games are designed for 8-year-olds. Not that ONLY 8-year-olds should play it, but everything in the game needs to be accessible to 8-year-olds. That's why the plots are rather straightforward, the characters have one-note personalities, and the gameplay seems relatively easy. For adults, it IS easy. But the games are designed for 8-year-olds, and they need to still be accessible to 8-year-olds.

Most of the complaints about pokemon games- how 'easy' the game is, how boring the plot is, how annoying some features are- all of those complaints are about things that make the games accessible to children. That's why those things will never change: they're put there on purpose so kids can still play. Because they are the target audience.

I'm 36 and I still play pokemon, but I can recognize that I am outside of the target demographic.
As newer generations release gamefreak base the entire game around the region far too strictly. 

Gen1 was based around actual regions in Japan, had some Pokémon designed around myths in that area, etc. Built around real regions, but still inspired in their own way and quite creative. Modern generations have Pokémon kicking soccer balls and designed after James Bond haha. The real world inspiration is getting out of hand, becoming way too rigid, and lacking in creativity.
    Idk, I feel that's cherry picking. Look at Sun and Moon, that game is BRIMMING with inspiration. And not every gen 1 Pokemon had some clear Japanese influence.
    I mean while I agree real life inspiration gets too rigid sometimes, we also did have a Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee evolution line back then.
        They did yeah, but it was strictly a name thing, a loose relation, which is what I’m getting at. Hitmonchan is a boxing Pokémon which isnt what Jackie Chan is know for, the only relation is Chan at the end of the name. Same goes for Hitmonlee. 

I agree they did the same thing back then, but they didn’t just carbon copy real things, they had their own inspiration, and just paid homage to figures rather than design them as the figures.
    They’ve expanded past Japanese regions though. The soccer and spy Pokémon make sense given that England/Britain (I don’t know what’s correct, sorry all Scots, Irish, and others) have huge soccer culture and Bond is their guy.
Haunter is cooler than Gengar
A difficulty slider would be great. They can give the easy mode to the kids and we can have a good old challenge if we like to.
    This isn't controversial at all.
The Pokémon community collectively complains a lot then does nothing, they all just forget and don’t hold game freak responsible but will looove to complain.

Hey, if you enjoy it, that’s fine. But if you complain and say something like “protest with your wallets”, stop giving people who actually follow through on that a hard time when they refuse to get into the games until quality actually increases.
X and Y are my favorite pokemon games. In my opinion they have the greatest variety of pokemon, are very friendly to newer players (which I was at the time of their release), and have a lot of good designs. It's a fantastic set of games that I've played over and over again, and I never get bored
Trade evolutions should be completely removed, or at least have alternate evolution methods. Also every evolution item/basic held item (think like BlackGlasses)/evolution stone should be farmable in the same way Metal Coat or Heart Scales have been. It’s ridiculous that in some games, you only find one or two of a certain evolution stone or evolution item, or they are locked behind postgame stuff. Aegislash in gen 6, it’s native region, couldn’t be accessed until post E4 for instance. These could all go hand in hand as well. For example, leveling up a Kadabra to lvl30 while holding Twisted Spoon as an alternate evolution method to trade. While we’re at it, I want more goofy evolution methods like Inkay or Shedinja
The last 3 games of the 3ds era are the peak of pokemon for me
HGSS is probably the most overrated games in the series. They're not bad at all, and are great at alot of things and add some fantastic additions to the previous games.

But the sheer fact that so many people consider them perfect masterpieces that have not been topped in the series, in spite of the games' egregious flaws (a lot of which were not touched from the original GS), makes me think I'm going crazy or everyone's nostalgia blind that they cannot see the issues.

If people simply left it as "they're some of the best in the series", it would be less overrated even if people disagree. But I see it widely talked about in the community as being the absolute best and "perfect" which is what makes them wildly overrated to me.
    HGSS is like a well presented and overly large portion of food that lacks proper seasoning. 

The journey through Kanto has to be the most boring stretch of any Pokemon game out there. It's totally bland. And whilst Johto has some incredible looking areas, it's a pretty undercooked region itself.
        Man if this is a scolding take of Johto I'd hate to hear your opinion on sword and shield haha.
    Hgss gets a lot of hate. It has flaws, but the only problem i really have is the level curve. It’s still not the end of the world for me, as I just accept it and don’t use a team bigger than 3-4 mons. Starter, Ampharos and then one or two of crobat/vileplume/arcanine.

It is my favourite game to replay. 

Most games since black and white are very linear. Add to that the fact that you have absolutely no reason to return to almost any city and you have a boring game. 

Ultra sun and moon is the only game I’ve really enjoyed of the releases post black and white.
    HGSS are only everyone’s favorite because of follower pokemon
        And the 2 regions within one game. And the 16 gym leaders. And the Battle Frontier. They're beloved because they offered so much more than any Pokemon game before or since. The two regions really gave it a sense of adventure as well.

&#x200B;

Edit: they also gave us the triathlon! I played the hell out of those games with my juiced-up mons.
            I don’t think they have more features than Platinum just to pull a name out. The second region and gym leaders 9-16 are not even an obstacle by the time you get to them. HGSS still have all the flaws of GSC, but with a coat of paint on it. Plus you’re missing out on all the new features/QOL additions from newer games, including all the new pokemon. 

And this might be a controversial opinion too, but Pokemon games (except PLA) haven’t had a sense of adventure in a loooooong time. Linear maps combined with how prevalent internet guides and stuff are means that there is basically no exploration.
The move to 3d hasn’t brought anything significant to the series
    Honestly, I would've agreed until PLA, but the height differences and original heights are pretty cool. And this is only possible for 3D mons.
    It ruined Thyphlosion and Hippowdon
    If anything it made the Pokémon look worse
    Agreed. PLA was the first in the series to actually make a modern game. SwSh was depressingly executed.
Gen 6 is the closest the games have ever come to perfection.

Great new Pokémon, you could finally customize your character, the music was exactly my jam, the throwbacks to Gen 1 were nice, Pokémon Amie and Super Training were fantastic minigames, Megas are awesome, the Fairy type was a good addition and finally made Poison types viable, there were plenty of ways to earn money/experience fast, Lumiose City was impressive and incredible to see...

Only drawbacks were your five rivals, of which only one of them wasn't totally pathetic. Team Flare was just okay.
Pikachu is a terrible pokemon the anime glorifies him to much an he shouldn't of been the flagship pokemon for so long "even shuckle's is better than it"
    I dont like pikachu too, but i think it is the one who represents the best what pokemon is all about to the general public: its cute, easily understandable design, a little weird, and the clear association with thunder makes him a perfect mascot to the frachise. Well theres other pokemon that fit in these categories (eg. Charmander) but pikachu was chosen, deal with it i guess.

(Sorry for the ocasional spelling/grammar mistakes, im not a native speaker :D )
    Raichu is better
        Alright there Lt Surge
The games have always been easy, however you have not always been six years old.
    Platinum has some really solid AI to target weaknesses, on top of Gym and Pokémon League teams being built to perfectly cover their weaknesses.

Still not “super hard”,  but there can definitely be some challenge in Platinum if you don’t grind or prepare.
Gamefreak is killing the franchise and it should be passed off to a better dev like intelligent systems. Or at least let other studios do spin off games.
    Genius Sonority needs to make a comeback
    I don't think that Game Freak are great developers but they're hardly killing the franchise. The games sell crazy numbers and it's the biggest franchise in the world.
        success does not always translate to quality, just look at SwSh base game without the DLCs, it's just *bad*. And don't tell me that it should be normalised paying double the price of a AAA game to get the "full" intended game with the rest of the DLCs
Gen 4 (Meaning sinnoh) is very overrated. I like them but they aren't special.

Sun and Moon + Ultras are some of the best games in the series with the best region design and dex, and i think theyd be more well recieved if the ultra content was made as dlc

PLA is the best pokemon game mechanically (i also play the games to catch pokemon, not interested in high tier battling)

along with the parenthesis in the last one, battle towers and the battle frontier aren't anything to write home about

We don't need any more remakes. Port gen 5 to the switch in some fashion but don't remake them

and i think the most controversial opinion, THERE ARE NO BAD POKEMON DESIGNS. Obviously i like some more than others, but i dont dislike any design. 

Background: Been playing since Fire Red came out. First game system was the GBA
    I disagree with some of your takes, but respect you fou just coming out and saying it
        they did say controversial lol. No shade towards anyone. This franchise is huge and i definitely know that most people dont share my opinions.
            I think you hit the nail on the head with no bad designs
    There is a terrible design and that is Jynx
        I could not agree with you more. I normally don't dislike a Pokemon just because it looks "ugly", but Jynx is the lone exception
    [deleted]
        Yep. And conflate "I don't like this design" with "this is a bad design".

Something like Bruxish for example is so distinct and unique and is a better design than something boring like Remoraid by a mile. But people want more fish that just look like regular fish, I guess.
    Gen 5 doesn't need a remake, but Gen 6 could use ***something.*** They're the only games in the series to not have gotten third versions or sequels or anything like that, and there's evidence suggesting there were plans for that sorta thing but they got scrapped. A modern sequel would be interesting.
1. Pokemon Red is better than Yellow.

2. Generation 7 was awesome.

3. Indigo League was the worst season of the Anime, since it aged poorly.

4. I like Raichu more than Pikachu.
    I’m most curious as to why red in particular?
    > Indigo League was the worst season of the Anime, since it aged poorly.

I would argue that the Black/White era of the anime aged even worse.
A difficulty curve that requires grinding is better than a difficulty curve that leaves you over leveled.


Barely winning a battle with only one pokemon left feels way better than winning and never having to swap your lead.
They should ditch the 2 version game model. It's annoying and now that they don't make a third version, it feels as though there is no definitive version.
\- the formula was always cash grabby, its not a modern issue. very first games were cash grabby

\- the games have been always been meh quality. you enjoy the world they built, and like collecting and interacting with friends, but the mechanics, story, and graphics have always been behind the curve. the games have not innovated RPGs in any direction, and no one has picked up a pokemon game saying "oh wow thats game of the year". they just have a very addictive formula: its fun, but has always been average quality. 

\- battle revolution has terrible animations, the mainline games have just deprived fans of engaging animations and PBR is the best reference we have for lively animations. but new snap and pokken animations are way better examples of models n animations with life.

\- pokemon would be way more engaging if you recruited the pokemon + earned their respect, only the villains should be capturing pokemon, and it would solve the moral dilemma. 

\- let's go is the best kanto experience so far
It did not at all bug me when they announced that Gen 8 would leave out some pokemon. I always kind of knew that that would happen eventually.
X and Y were my favorites! 
My controversial opinion is that I don’t like the regionals variants. Feels like a lazy way to not make up new Pokémon.
I like SWSH and BDSP. That apparently is controversial enough. The art styles don’t bother me and I like the story of BDSP especially. My favorite Pokémon is Luxray.
Z-Moves and Dynamax should never have been a thing, we should have just stuck with periodically releasing new Mega Evolutions.
I think Gen 7 is overhated and underappreciated. They didn't have the best stories, but their stories felt impactful and I enjoyed them. Z moves aren't as memorable as Mega Evolutions, but they were solid as any Pokemon could use them. Sure, Hau is a really bland and wooden rival, but the rivals from XY were even worse in that regard. Also, the characters overall were just better and had more personality. The games are slow to start, and I will say they are too tutorial heavy at the beginning, but the rest of the game plays out in a much better pace. I found the trials to be a nice change of pace from collecting gym badges in every generation. Alola felt more like a Pokemon version of Hawaii than Kalos and Galar did for their respective regional inspirations, and it was a great time going through Alola. The introduction of regional variants is one of the best things to come out of SM, since they gave previous Pokemon a new variation that made a lasting impact, even if the designs were hit or miss. I feel like fans give SM way too much hate than it deserved.
My hot take is that older games (before Gen 6) are too tedious and grindy to be really enjoyable (nostalgia aside)
    Gen 5 wasn't though

Unova was balanced especially with the xp share.
I couldn’t care less about any of the battle gimmicks and I’d rather not see any of them come back. Including Megas
Sword and shield are not bad games
    The core gameplay is fine for the most part, but the story is absolutely abysmal and the linearity is *painful*. It's like the game goes out of it's way to keep the player from doing anything cool.
        The story is ass backwards. "BANG oh man there must be something crazy interesting happening over there... but don't you worry about it, you continue on your linear nonsensical quest"
            I know exactly which scene you're referring to, and it made me want to punch Leon in the throat.
            I still can't get over the mindfuckingly dumb series of events that was Rose Tower and its immediate aftermath. It's almost obvious that there was a *need* for the usual villainous team base intrusion, but they just couldn't figure out how to fit it into the story without half of the cast acting brainead.

That, and the horrifying smiles of the Macro Cosmos staff are forever seared into my retinas.
    I thoroughly enjoyed Shield. Could it have been better? Vastly. Did the devs make some baffling choices? **100%**. But everything that *is* there feels pretty damn good, with some great QoL features.


Plus the Pokémon introduced in Galar are overall great if you ask me. A few I’m not crazy about, but the good ones are REALLY good. Dracozolt has become my all-time favorite.
        The rookidee corvisquire and corviknight bird thingie is my favorite of all the pidgey remakes
    They're good and bad games, it depends on what you value. If you like overworld exploration and lots of content, and you were hoping for a good story after SuMo's, then you'd probably be disappointed with SwSh. But there are a lot of other aspects to like too and not everyone cares if SwSh's story is bad or not.


It's a flawed game.
    Idk man I think they’re pretty bad
    Maybe if you've never played a game before
How controversial can I get, let's see:

The story of Gen V (primarily Black/White) is super over-rated: Great premise and characters but fails in it's execution.

Games don't need to include all pokemons. There are so many nowadays that I'm fine with some missing each game moving forward. Just rotate the ones that are missing.

I find most Mega evolutions kind of ugly. It's like they're trying so hard to look "badass" that they end up looking kind of ridiculous.

I should also add that all of these are opinions and that it's expected and great that some people have different opinions form me :)
    Mega rayquaza is the best example of taking an already amazing design and trying to one up it in an attempt to look cooler. It tried to look like the primals, but just became way too noisy.
Togedemaru is better than Mimikyu.
Dexit was a good thing, poorly executed. 

Giving different Pokemon the chance to shine and stand out is great. I think some of the Pokemon chosen, namely my homeboy Charizard) should have been left out though
    I think dexit wouldn't be so controversial if they didn't lie and said they were improving the animations when they're still the same models made almost 10 years ago. If they just said "hey we're removing pokemon because there's going to be too many of them to add in newer games" then i think there wouldn't have been so much backlash. Or just actually give us newer pokemon models and animations. Because, honestly, I don't think it would be ideal to have every single pokemon in the game especially when we're probably going to be over 1,000+ total by the time SV comes out. Like it sucks if your favorite pokemon aren't in the game, but it's going to happen sooner or later.
    I’ll one up your controversial take with a bigger one. If there was a time to go through Dexit, it should have been earlier, between Gens 5 and 6. (At the time), 3D models were always clamored about, but we had no point of reference, so if they were like “hey, 3D modeling hard, we’re gonna stick with these select Pokémon and go from there”, it would have been a much softer pill to swallow for 90% of the fanbase. There needed to be that BIG STEP in terms of graphics to fly the “too many Pokémon, can’t run them all” excuse and that was undeniably a bigger step in comparison to Gen 7 to Gen 8.
    I don’t disagree that that Dexit was a bad thing but they should’ve done what Gen 5 did, Pokémon exclusive to the region but in the post game you can transfer the rest of the roster. Even if they include the models in update patches like SwSh did, as long as the the whole roster ends up in the game at the end, I don’t care. I just hate their pick and choose blasé attitude when GameFreak can hire people to make sure that dexit wouldn’t have been a thing. GameFreak was and still is being greedy. I hate having to rely on Pokémon Bank/Home to keep my previous buddies and not being able to see them in the newest regions/games.
    "Giving different Pokemon the chance to shine and stand out."


I mean, uh... You're phrasing that as if Sword and Shield somehow did something different with the Pokemon it included, lol. If anything it tried to backtrack on Dexit somewhat by adding a ton of older Pokemon back in through an update.


If the Pokemon in each modern game were higher quality somehow or were used for something interesting, I would be more inclined to agree. But as it is, Dexit exists because the devs don't wanna waste dev time implementing older Pokemon into the modern games, because they have chokingly tight dev times.
    [deleted]
    Dexit was what made me not buy games anymore precisely because a lot of my underrated favorites were gone.
    The backlash to Dexit would’ve been way smaller if GF didn’t lie about why they were doing it.
    Dexit was also inevitable. Adding both complexity and count increases overhead dramatically. Making sure the game doesn't happen to crash when (for example) Chikorita uses an obscure egg move takes time. Animating each Pokémon takes time. People act like because GF has money they have money to throw at any problem but the group that benefits from a given Pokemon in the nat dex is vanishingly small. That money would be so much better spent elsewhere. *HOWEVER*, Game Freak wasted any remaining goodwill that might cause the general fanbase to come to this conclusion by phoning in the SwSh battle engine and taking the savings off the top as profit instead of investing it.
No controversial opinion here. Just revert to the three game formula, reintroduce megas as a main stay and quit the handholding. Crystals, giants, z-moves are just shallow impressions of what was actually a neat idea. But the Pokémon company forces them to make up a new gimmicks instead of creating expansions to the core gameplay. Double battles were also that generations gimmmick but now we couldn't think of a core game without the mechanic.
Expand, complete, invigorate. Random innovation for the sake of dropping it in the next game isn't fun.
    Mind if I ask why you prefer the three games formula instead of DLC? Them releasing literally the same game twice with minimal changes always felt like a scam to me personally.
        I think it's based on the fact base games are usually trash, not just modern ones, but in general, Black and White were the closest to passable of the base games. So essentially the mindset is, having a third game allows each region to truly shine whereas DLC takes attention away from the main region while increasing the longterm cost of fully experiencing a region and decreasing the potential for revisiting in the future. In 10 years, SwSh probably won't see the growth in value other games have specifically because there will be little desire to play them, especially knowing you already need to pay more to fully experience it. I know personally, as a kid I had to "upgrade"(sell your current one to get the newest, whether its a new generation or third version) my games and save up to eventually rebuy them later on. I definitely would not have done that with SwSh specifically because it's essentially a $90 game(if I want the full experience) with a resell value based on the $60 base game.
            I sure hope ShSw won’t increase in value. Don’t need another pricing bubble.

Either way, I get your point about rather expanding a region instead of adding extra parts to them, though this can also easily be done with DLC.
    I almost entirely disagree. We don't need a third game anymore. We barely need two versions. DLC is a much better way to go in place of a third version.

Megas are cool looking, but i think you're wrong in saying that the new gimmicks are shallow. especially the new terrastal idea. Pokemon able to be any type is crazy and jumbles things up majorly. I think most people don't see just how similar megas are to the other gimmicks, people just think they're different because of the visuals and form changes. Having them be tied to less than 50 mega evolutions isn't all that great, the fact that the new gimmicks can be applied to any pokemon is what makes them worthy of being in the games.

The thing I do agree with you on, is that they shouldn't drop these mechanics in the next games. They should keep them and then just restrict their usage in online rulesets for official tournaments, but keep them open if players select that as the rules they want.
    Totally agree. Megas was the best innovative mechanic they introduced. The rest were shitty implementations of the same thing.

I was totally on board with Violet/Scarlet but then they showed the Crystal gimmick. Bleh. Practically the same reaction I had with gigantamax.
70% of the today 5th gen fans hate it when was release
Story is the least of my concerns with Pokémon games, and I prefer earlier gens because the story was much less obtrusive, particularly Gens 1-3. I just wanna enjoy the gameplay, man.

For that reason, I don’t actually mind X/Y or Sw/Sh, because you can pretty much just blitz through the story parts.

Also, a great story by Pokémon standards is decent at best by other standards.
The Fan made pokemon games are better than the mainline games. By a lot.
Gen 5 has become overrated.
    "Overrated" is pretty vague, though I'd love to hear why you feel it doesn't live up to the hype. I think some people over hype the story, but there are a lot of aspects gen 5 have that flex what Pokemon games can do right.
The exp Share and auto grinding are good ideas, you just don't know the pain of level up by fighting with the same npc in an infinite loop
Arceus isn't *the* god.  Pokemon is set in a "American Gods" styled world where numerous Pokemon deities can co-exist without being the actual god.

Mew for example represents creation through evolving from a single ancestor.  It's the first from its viewpoint.

Arceus is creation from an omnipotent creator.  It's the first in its viewpoint.

Ultra-space Pokemon represents a spill over from another dimension.  They could have came over before creation occurred, meaning they would be the first in their viewpoint.

Unown are literally coding of reality and would have to predate even Arceus itself, thus they would be the first.

And so on.

Pokemon doesn't have a creator in general.  Just a bunch of guys who fit the bill.
    you should definitely post on r/pokemonconspiracies or whatever
Johto is the worst region. It relies HEAVILY on Kanto, and that's a dumbed down shit version of Kanto. 

Megas are the worst gimmick, teams rely too much on them and made building competitive teams boring as fuck.
Ash should have caught more Pokémon,  that was always my gripe. You supposedly want to a master but have such an anemic Pokedex? Makes no sense.
    The one aspect I loved about the Black and White anime was that he was constantly rotating out his team
        Shame he didn't evolve his Scraggy and Palpitoad
            it’s a shame he didn’t evolve anything of value on b&w
                how dare you insult Krookodile
                That's Ash in general for you, because it seemed like he always gave away, or 'released' his fully evolved pokèmon.
                    I hated this as a kid, and was blasted on a forum for bashing him about it. You put forth all this effort to raise a Charizard (a wildly popular starter Pokemon, no less, *writers*) and he just... gives this cool ass, powerful team member away?
                        Although I wasn't thrilled with the thought of ash releasing strong pokemon, I could respect that he had in mind what his pokemon wanted, rather than what he wanted. Although I think it would be better for him if he just stuck to only catching pokemon which are only interested in battling, not in looking for a partner to start a family, that way all the effort he puts in making his pokemon stronger would pay off. As for Charizard, it's not like Ash can't call him each time he needs it, it's just that ash understood that he wasn't the most suited to develop Charizard 's full potential, and instead he left it in the hands of specialists.
                Krookidile?
        No desire to watch black and white but I thought it was cool he caught about 10 Pokemon and swapped them out like you said. I would honestly watch the upcoming new series if ash used some of his older Pokémon instead of just catching new ones
            That's usually what I would do after the shinnoh series (I lost interest in the anime because they got rid of Brock) Ash's Charizard vs Iris's Dragonite from bw series was a pretty kino mini arc
                I check up from time to time on serebii out of curiosity to see what ash is up to. I also watch some gym and championship battles on YouTube. This recent series battles are wild tho. Ash vs Cynthia was nutty. You might like iris vs Cynthia
                    I like they actually let him win in alolah but I can't get past the art style it is very unappealing to me and seems like a lazy downgrade
                        I enjoyed the art just for the sake of the region being more chill
                        I think it had something to do with Yo-kai Watch getting super popular in Japan for awhile there. It's been a minute since I've heard anything about the series.
        He needed a brain though

“Hmm, big gym battle-3v3. Nah, plapitoad will be enough”

Pikachu got angry
    In Kanto, Ash didn’t even have a full team of six for the majority of it. That’s always bugged me.
        Same with Kalos. His team was Pikachu, Greninja, Noivern, Hawlucha, and Talonflame all the way up until the Kalos League matches became 6 on 6 and he was forced to be reunited with Goodra. Still wish he would have caught that Dunsparce cause that would have been amazing.
            Teams that get 6-0d by Ice Beam
                Didn't know Ash did a flying type only run (with a few exceptions obviously) for Kalos lol
                    They were trying to push Sky Battles. Yeah that didn't pan out.
            You’d think in the Gen they introduced fairy types, Ash would A) HAVE a fairy type, and B) Have fewer Pokémon that are weak to fairy.
                We're talking about an anime that has pikachu thunderbolt an Onix its first gym battle

And win
                    Plot armor so thick it destroys the type chart.
                    I mean tbf, "Soak" is a pokemon move and the onix was soaked by the sprinklers. So it does kinda make sense. However... soak was not introduced until gen 5, so that definitely was not their logic behind it. I can still accept it enough though haha.
            Why so?
                because Dunsparce is goated
        Huh that's true, after bye bye Butterfree he didn't get another Pokemon for a while.

Edit actually no he got Primeape 4 episodes later, gave it away after 3 episodes, then literally the next episode gets Muk. So actually he was at 6 for most of Kanto
            Except that he boxes Muk immediately and only brings it out for the League. Same for Krabby

I always thought Cubone would make a good fit for the last slot on his team
                If the Kanto anime had played more into the plot of the games, the orphan cubone would’ve been a perfect edition, but then getting haunted would’ve been shafted…not that he keeps it for long.
                That randomly OP Cubone that destroys Bulbasaur but then somehow gets taken down by a single electric attack? That one would have been great in the Pokemon League, if only because it transcends normal type advantage rules!
                And then Krabby immediately evolves in when Ash had barely used it
                    [deleted]
                        But that fight was proof that he didn’t need to.
            He still doesn't care about Primeape. Or Pidgeot for that matter
            He only used pikachu andthe starters tho
    His goal is to become the greatest trainer not the Dex. Honing his skills and battling is way more important than catching shitty bug and normal types lol.
Especially Brock with how long he travelled with ash
    I actually made a post a few days ago about Pokemon Ash's Companions should've gotten and I said Brock should get some fossil Pokemon since he usually gets the Kanto Fossils in certain battles
    Was too busy being a sex pest to worry about Pokémon.
You'd love Goh then, lol.  He's the current companion and, as you may have guessed from the name (Goh, *Pokémon Go*), he represents the Gotta Catch 'Em All side of the series while Ash represents the battling/training side.
    Yet people hate Goh for that.

Ive heard so many complaints about Goh just catching and not making a bond with his pokemon.


Which is like... what we do when we catch them all. 
So how can they be upset that Goh is doing the catch them all aspect of the games.
        Also he does have a few recurring Pokemon he bonds with.
            Yea i know he does.

But they ignore that and talk about the rest.

Like... the players dont just catch and only use a main 6.
                I was attempting to reinforce your point
                    And he was reinforcing yours :)
        Goh just fucking gave eternatus to Leon right before Leon’s battle with ash in the finals and peaced the hell out.  What a friend
            I'm sorry *what*

Why the hell does Nintendo have such a hardon for Leon, I feel like it's ironic and that he's one of the worst received champions we've had. And now they give him freaking *ETERNATUS*?

Calling it now, Pikachu's just gonna take it down anyways with like, an Iron Tail or something
                I think there are two reasons why Leo is so disliked as a champion by the player base.

Firstly, the smaller reason, his design. It is incredibly bloated with the cape and massive hair and little to no contrast, it is difficult to make out what his shape even is or where to look. Still despite that he looks like just a guy. Which makes him boring. Compare that to other more popular champions like Cynthia, with her blond hair and clean long black dress that flows perfectly into each other. Or Alder (that his name? The Gen 5 guy) who’s red spiky hair, poncho and relaxed body language give off a feeling of an old experience mentor.

Secondly, the bigger reason, constant hype. People have memed just how often characters in game refer to him as “unbeatable and super special”, which rather than build him up as a giant threat just feels annoying. It’s a classic “show don’t tell” violation. Where by constantly repeating what we should think, it feels like someone forces an opinion on us, rather than let us come to our own conclusion.

The simplest way to fix him, in my opinion, would to just stop constantly mentioning him and maybe make it so that during your adventure he becomes the champion. Maybe they could have written that like a “I was retired from fighting, but seeing you shine just made me want to come back and fight you at your best.” Thing that we often see in TV
        To be fair, Pokemon don't exist in our world. I think it would be different if we lived in the Pokemon world itself.
        Which is weird because he features a lot of them in different episodes with their own unique abilities and what not, and often revisits the garden to check on them.
    Which is quite ironic, because you literally cannot Catch ‘Em All in any of the new games.
        Forget *catching*, you can't even *have* them all. 

"No, your Pidgey can't come with you, but for a monthly fee we'll take care of it for you~"
            Hey it’s just the day care experience irl, AR method gaming
I remember being a kid and loving the mystery behind Ho-oh & Lugia and their respective trios. Especially with the very first episode of the anime hinting at Ho-oh. They seemed like great and ancient beasts, something that only a privileged and chosen few would ever get to know. 

And now there's near enough legendary and mythical Pokemon to comprise an entire generation.
    I remember playing Pokémon silver when I was younger and trying for literal months to find the rainbow wing to get into Tin/Bell tower in Ecruteak only to one day talk to a random NPC in pewter city and get it. I don't think I will ever recreate that feeling of wonder. Or fumbling around in the Whirl Islands trying to get to Lugia.

I think part of the problem is a) there is no challenge or mystery in getting legendaries anymore. You either just get given them, led to them, or they're at the end of a really obvious route. 

But b) even if that was the case, the internet has ruined the mystery of things. Back in the day the only way you heard about things was through rumours or word of mouth, even if it wasn't even true. Nowadays you can just Google anything you're not sure about which whilst I am grateful for definitely loses a bit of the magic.
        I used to go to GameStop and read through the guidebooks in the store if I couldn't figure something out! Those were the days
            Oh fuck, just reading the guide book trying to find the things you needed. That unlocked some memories
            The best memory I have is with Pokemon emerald and sky pillar. For months me and my older brother were looking for it. Then one day we were over at our uncle's place. He was doing a garage sale and this kid was holding a Pokemon emerald guidebook. I was young and didn't know how to use a guidebook at the time. But I did know my older brother would. I asked if he could stay for a minute and the kid said yes. I ran to my older brother. He came with me asked if we could see the book. Kid agrees we locate sky pillar and we go to the 8th gym area when Rayquaza vs groundan and Kyogre scene appears. That was my favorite moment for so long. I stopped playing after emerald
        Absolutely even the legendary birds were extraordinary, I remember the feeling of finally finding zapados and preparing so much to catch him in the power plant. Sigh
    What I think is wild is that Gen 1 and 2 had 5 legendaries a pieces with a pseudo legendary set. Then After that we went from anywhere from like 10 legendaries and 2 pseduo sets in RSE to just more and more with each gen it felt.
        I can't fairly judge the 4th Gen because I didn't play, but my issue with the legendaries wasn't necessarily the number of them, but the quality, the backstory. 

One thing I should consider is that back in the day, when the internet wasn't prevalent, most of our deciphering came from word of mouth, friend to friend, cousin to cousin, and this is how we unraveled mysteries. 

I say this because I don't have an issue with the abundance of legendaries in Gen 3 because you had to uncover and work at the lore that entombed them. Kyogre and Groundon dwelled in their deep primal lairs, the Regis were sealed away with "arcane" knowledge. Rayquaza dwelled in the sky, nesting on it's ancient tower. And both Jirachi and Deoxys required something unusual that made them difficult to get at all. 

Difficulty to obtain was the entire joy of it in a way. I do remember being a little kid and wondering long about how to get Celebi in the forest shrine with the GS ball.
            Yeah if my friend didn’t have the RSE guide book I would’ve had no idea the regi’s even existed, they were not easy for 8 year old kids in 2003 to get ahold of
                I will forever cherish my memories of printing out the braille alphabet at the school library so I could take it home and hunt down those regis.
                    And that first time you actually get it and it works and you’re like holy shit this nonsense is real
                        The regi methods felt like some school yard "use strength on the truck" level bullshit. But it worked.
                            Relicanth in your party, use strength, etc.

I still have no idea how my mother figured it out. Also the evolving Feebas thing. Feebas is only in 10 squares on this entire route. It needs to be a specific nature so it can eat the most blue (indigo?) pokeblocks to become pretty enough to evolve... da fuq?
                    This just unlocked a core memory I had forgotten about. I had a buddy print the braille alphabet out over at his place. He came over and we stayed up all night deciphering braille and trying to catch the Regis. I’m happy to hear I wasn’t the only one who had this amazing experience.
                    I remember reading through the booklet in the box, finding the Braille chart at the back, and wondering what in the hell it was for.
            Gen 4 is basically the Pokemon Universe's origin story. 

Arceus created the universe when its egg hatched, Dialga and Palkia controlled time and space and were worshipped by an ancient civilization before traveling to a new universe, Giratina is an entity created from violence and malice that the other 3 banished to an alternate dimension to seal its power, and Uxie, Azelf, and Mesprit were created to share knowledge, wisdom, and willpower. 

Then there are the post-story ones. Heatran and Manaphy are magma and ocean guardians respectively, Phione's basically Manaphy's servant, Cresselia and Darkrai are the guardians of dreams and nightmares respectively, Shaymin's a spirit of gratitude, and Regigigas moved the continents Groudon created and helped ancient people create the Regis before sealing itself in a frozen tundra. 

Also, there are books in Canalave City that basically talk about how Sinnoh believes people evolved from and married Pokemon. (Gen 4 had a habit of rewarding you for looking in odd places that people wouldn't usually focus on)
                What about Bidoof?
                    We don't speak of its power, it's not safe.
                    Where do you think Arceus' egg came from?
            Damn, I remember being around ten and being the first to find volcarona in my playground. I really felt like fucking Indiana Jones, everyone gave me their ds to catch one for them as well. We live in a rural area where household internet and pcs became common around two or three years later, so I remember buying lots of pokemon magazines to look for secret pokemons, especially for pokemon mystery dungeon explorers of sky where it's tricky to even make some legendaries appear. Good times
        I understand not liking having 2 pseudo sets, but the Lati duo is the only legendaries I can't justify.

Then there's Regigigas which feels like it should be in Gen 3 or not exist at all. I can't justify it being in another Gen as the Regis kinda tie in with the rest of RSE.
Imo its not even that its just how easy they are to get. The only ones that are really a challenge to get ahold of are event only pokémon, and those are hard to get for all the wrong reasons.
    Gen 1 and 2 are the only ones that handled legendaries properly. They should not be mandatory, scripted encounters.
Legendaries are so much cooler when they’re gimmicky weirdos instead of “omg ultra powerful gods!!!”. Mew being able to learn any move, the Regis having really weird designs and insane obscure unlock methods, Deoxys just being some random alien that can change its form, etc., gives them all very unique identities and playstyles that aren’t just “insane stats go brrr”. They tend to have really good stats yes but generally it’s the moves/abilities that set them apart from a regular mon and that’s just insanely cool to me.
    I don't know why Deoxys is your example for not being "insane stats go brrr." Until gen 8, his forms made him either the fastest or strongest pokemon ever depending on which you wanted. His attack form is tied for 5th place for fastest pokemon.

If that's not insane stats go brrr, I don't know what is.
        i guess i meant the form change mechanic specifically. being super minmaxed is also a little different from having insane bases across the board though i do get your point.
All I remember was playing black and white and stumbling into that desert temple and coming across… ✨Volcarona✨

I remember that was the first time in years I’d been excited to discover and catch a legendary Pokémon!

But… It wasn’t a legendary haha. Hilarious how this non-legendary gave me the most excitement to catch a Pokémon in years.

They need to do for future legendaries what they did with Volcarona in black and white. Stop giving us too many hints about the legendary. Let people randomly encounter them while out exploring by accident.
I honestly don’t care about any legendary Pokémon after diamond and pearl. I don’t know the lore behind them. I think some look cool? Victini, Genesect… but I don’t care about totem Pokémon or ultra beasts or sword and shield Pokémon or any of that. They lost me when every legendary was released at GameStop or something…. Shiny Poipol? Who cares? 

They lost whatever flavor made Pokémon legendary.
    Volcanion is the most disappointing one for me. I was so excited for the first Water/Fire type, but there is no lore at all outside of Pokedex entries and a movie (that I didn't see). To me it just feels like a less impactful Heatran.
        The movie doesnt even explain why it exists. I dislike that.


Its just rare? Ig?
            That's my gripe with some legendaries. You have really cool legendaries, and then you have Zeraora, Zarude, Heatran and Volcanion who just exist.
                [deleted]
                    I miss how those side quests would open up new areas on the map as well! Really felt like you were getting to delve into undiscovered areas and learn more about the regions secrets
            Pokemon movies after Gen 4 just became incomprehensible tbh. 

Like, there's a chance it might've actually explained things, but you could've easily missed it because of all the random *Stuff* going on.
        Volcanion is genuinely one of my favourite mythicals yet it got done so dirty. they literally hinted at it living at the power plant then never followed up and it pissed me off. same with Diancie being similar to the Anistar sundial.
    Legendaries being released at gamestop started long before sword and shield. So many early gen events had their key item only obtainable at a GameStop. Sure, you still had to catch them, but GameStop events are not a recent thing.
        Yeah, and let’s not forget that a good chunk of legendaries from older gens can’t be obtained without cheats/glitches anymore due to mystery gift shit in addition to the whole gamestop thing
            I think all Mythicals from Gen 1-4 are now available without Mystery Gift in one way or another. Some require save files from separate games, but it's better than them being locked off to Mystery Gift.
                Someone set up custom servers for wifi mystery gift in gens IV and V so getting all mythicals up to gen V as well as any event that was ever done over wifi is actually pretty easy. 

https://youtu.be/x2dmNCt6WJo

It seems it's still working as of just one month ago.
            Pokemon go fixed this for the most part, a good chunck of mythicals can be obtained legit both shint and regular, and can just semd them to home
                You can't transfer them from Home to SwSh, though (unless you already got one in that game)
        Sometimes you didn't even need to catch them in game. I still have 5 copies each of Shiny Raikou, Entei, and Suicune that I received while sitting in the parking lot at GameStop swapping between gen 4 cartridges. That was 2011, I believe, but there were certainly retailer events prior to that
            Yeah I started with gen 3 and I wasn't really old enough to just go the gamestop events on my own so I've missed basically every event prior to mystery gift events.
    I honestly loved Type-Null being a legendary counter, and having an entire section of the game surrounding its lore.
    >They lost me when every legendary was released at GameStop or something…

So Gen 3? 

And in Japan, Gen 2?
    >Poipol

I thought you were just making a name up but googled it just to make sure... dang.
        The only reason I remember it is because the name is like a weird accent version of the word purple which I find funny
It's not even the amount for me, it's the mythos around them. Like Dialga and Palkia are cool, time and space whatnot.

And then there's Heatran. Who just kind of exists, I guess? They don't feel any more legendary than the Lapras you got in RBY.

There's way too many legendaries that are just called legendary for no reason. Urshifu is legitimately just a regular pokemon, I don't even understand.
Gen 4 really went way overboard.
    IMO Gen V went overboard with three groups of legendaries. Tornadus, Thundurus, and Landorus really didn’t need to be included in the game and should’ve been introduced later with Enamorus like in Legends Arceus.
        I'm on board with this just so we could have 3 generations of competitive without Lando-T
        Gen 5's legends are associated with the starters.

Starters gen 5 are French Japanese Chinese related.

So the trios are french inspired, japanese inspired, chinese inspired.
            Wait which ones are French? Meloetta?
                Swords of Justice are the Three (then four) Musketeers, which is from a French novel! :)
                    Oh I forgot those exist :/
                poor Meloetta got lore in the anime but never in the game. was so disappointed when I played BW and the civilisation from the anime never appeared
            Wow you’re right I never saw that.
                Actually made me appreciate them a lot more
        I think the Forces of Nature are cool conceptually but the designs themselves are just aesthetically horrible (except Thundurus-T, he’s honestly alright looking, but literally everything else sucks). They should have been like living stormclouds in the shapes of humanoids/animals instead of the wrinkly ass old men we got
        Tornadus, Thundurus, and Landorus imo have very interesting lore, Tornadus and Thundurus being Rivals like Groudon and Kyogre but at a lesser scale with Landorus coming in to handle the battle between the two.

I really like Legendary Trios where the three members don't exactly love eachother or acknowledge eachother as equals since it just makes it all the interesting and funny you can put the two rivals in the daycare and they won't wreck havoc at all
    There a panel in the adventure manga in the platinum arc with all the legendaries and mythicals (I think only manaphy was missing) it showcase perfectly how gen 4 went overboard with it.
I HATED baby lugia. It completely destroyed the mystery and awe of legendaries
    it added another layer of awe for me actually. I love speculative biology and ecology so I was curious as to how a baby Lugia exists, and does that imply every Lugia we see is different, or was this a one off miracle?
I feel like this applies to Mythical Pokemon as well. Pokemon like Mew, Celebi, and Jirachi had that mystical, enigmatic aura around them, while Legendaries always felt like they represented higher powers. Nowadays though, Mythical Pokemon like Zarude, Zeraora, Urshifu, and Meltan have virtually none of the appeal of previous Mythicals, and there are so many Legendaries that they don't feel unique anymore. The Galarian Legendary Birds were the final nail in the coffin; Legendaries were always portrayed as being one-of-a-kind to me, and there being Galarian variations on these powerful, unique Pokemon just ruins the mystique and appeal. There's nothing that sets them apart, anymore.
It's not the quantity, it's the handling.  The Regis being found in hidden caves around the region after you solve a series of puzzles?  That was really cool.  Shaymin lives in the Flower Paradise, which you access by crossing a humongous land bridge.  Extremely evocative.  Victini has Liberty Island, Ho-oh has the Tin Tower and the Kimono Girls, the best legendaries are the ones that tell interesting stories about the world they live in.

The worst legendaries are the mythicals that are just handed to you without any fanfare.  They could've put a special Diancie room in Reflection Cave, but instead it's just handed to you.  Is there a location special to Magearna?  If there is, we'll never see it, just like we'll never see the jungle Zarude came from.  But it's the ordinary legendaries too, just to a lesser degree: Terminus Cave holds Zygarde but... not much else.  No lore, no interesting structures, just a cave with a Legendary in it.  Even Mewtwo has this whole 'I escaped from the Pokemon Mansion and fled to the deepest darkest place I could find' thing going on.
Opposite of controversial.
Pokemon's tagline: "Gotta catch em all!"

Actual pokemon games: "Hahaha we gave the haunter an everstone as a prank. Who cares about people who cant trade. Screw them."
    [deleted]
        r/FuckMindy
            >r/FuckMindy

There truly is a subreddit for everything
        It took me 12 years to get a gengar and when I finally did it was only because I got fed up with the official games and was playing the romhack Moon Emerald specifically because I could get trade evolutions. Trade evolutions and version exclusives have never been about having fun with friends, its just a way to sell more games.

Wait sorry did I say twelve? I meant TWENTY.

Im pretty sure that in a game series about catching pokemon the players shouldnt have to resort to playing fan made romhacks just to actually do what is supposed to be the MAIN point of the entire series: catch em all.
            Honestly every game should have a character like the move deleter in HG/SS but he will just trade you so you can get you gengar, alakazam  etc.
                Legends Arceus introduced an item the specifically has this function.  It is a crime that it won't be returning in other games.
            Believe it or not, it actually 100% was about having fun with friends based on the creator’s childhood catching bugs with friends.
                Fair. Still a really frustrating feature for someone who never has someone to trade with and there are lots of reasons not to beyond "having no friends". Like simply having friends that dont have pokemon. Or not owning a link cable. My friends played but didnt have a link cable. When gen 4 first came out, I was the only one who got one. I had multiple friends with a nintendo ds but I was the only one with a pokemon game so we played mario kart.
            I agree that trade evolutions should be more accessible, maybe adding the link cable to the BP shop, but trade evolutions and version exclusives were designed to make Pokémon a social game. Like obviously now in the age of the internet (and when Pokémon is the largest media franchise, not just a one-off game by a newish company) version exclusives are a little less “exclusive” because it takes like two minutes to post on a forum and find, but back in the day everyone was talking about their Pokémon because if you didn’t have the dex entry, you’d only know it existed if another trainer had it.

Idk maybe it’s a “you had to be there” moment but I remember when Emerald had just come out and it was just a whole different game pre-DS era. Like my friends and I were astound when we found out the clam evolved into the eel and were excited to trade with each other. I get it’s different now but I don’t think saying trade evos and version differences “have never been about having fun with friends” is fair to the series
            continue wistful soup dull flag automatic tender yoke squealing absorbed

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
    That's just the english slogan. It was poorly translated from "Get Pokemon"
In PLA you can but yeah all games at least main series need to be like that
    And they’ll probably never add that feature to any future games
I think Wonder Trade and the GTS has softened the blow a lot, but trade evolutions are still dumb.
How is this controversial?
    [deleted]
The fact that PLA made it possible to get all Pokémon accessible in the game was mind-blowing. I liked that they kept the trade feature but making the game possible to complete as a single player was the best thing they’ve come up with in a long time.
    Could not agree more! Even the Starters, which really surprised me!
That's how every game really should be imo
    What's sad is that we'll never see that happen in a mainline game.
        Who knows. I feel like Legends Arceus was partially intended to try out a bunch of different new features to see how people reacted. I'm cautiously optimistic.
            I don’t know. If there’s anything the Pokémon series is known for, it’s introducing features that the fans love (follower Pokémon, super contests, mega evolutions) just to inexplicably drop them the next entry.
                Why did you have to go and remind me of all of that? :(
                Yeah, I miss HMs, Safari Zones, and Secret Bases.
                    Secret bases would be awesome with today technology
                        They brought them back in bdsp they just took out 99% of what people liked
            I can respect that attitude. I'm hoping you're right!
        I'm gonna be "that guy" and point out that PLA is a main line game. It's officially recognized as one by the developers, so we already have seen it in a main line game. As such we're quite likely to see it again, even if only in another legends style game
    Shaymin ad Darkrai are kinda like version exclusives but yeah all other mons can be gotten without needing anyother game or trading or home
I've never had an issue with mythical's but you're absolutely right and I can't forget that idea now.  Give them all a little quest like Victini in Black/White or a challenege reward like you said.

And I think the dual versions are long overdue to go away.  As you suggested there are plenty of ways to keep the feeling of dual games and encourage trading without releasing the same game twice.
    I think Arceus was an example of mythicals done right. You may have needed to have saves from other games, But there was no codes. And both darkrai and shaymin had pleasant little quests to get them. And then all the others had quests too. It was wonderful to see imo.
        Yea, Arceus was a good implementation as well.  I'd rather they be base game but save file restrictions is an acceptable compromise.
            Kinda sucks that they were shiny locked, but so was every other legendary in that game, so it gets a pass...kind of (still irks me a bit).

I definitely would like to see more quests like that. I really don't like just being handed Mythicals because of some arbitrary "you were playing the game at X place or X time". I want the chance to earn them.
    I think dual versions should still exist, but they should be more justified. Like, picking a version isn't just "forced trading" or anything, as much as that drawback does suck. I think it's better described as like, a way for players to express themselves? Does one appeal to you more than the other? Red or blue? This legendary or the other? Etc.


But if you leave it at just the boxart legendary, what's the point?
        That I could go along with.  If there were actually substantial differences I would be more open to dual versions.  But so far no pairs of games have had any differences that you couldn't replicate the same effect in one game with some creative mechanics.  They even proved they can replicate the boxart choice in a single version in Legends Arceus and the Latias/Latios choice in Emerald.  The only difference I can see not being replicable are the different areas in Gen 5 and that wasn't used enough to justify.

I say that the GTS should have killed the 2 versions as they are implemented and that it's just greed that keeps them around.
            I'd say Scarlet and Violet are definitely introducing more Version Exclusive Variety, what with the Professors, Main Hub Aesthetics (School Colours), and even thematics (Scarlet = Past, Violet = Future)
                Black and white already did the future/past thing, I’m hoping scarlet and violet do more with that concept. The different professors is a good start.
            Fire Emblem Fates did the concept of two versions really well, I think a lot of ideas could be pulled from there.
I would love for the mythical to be tied to something in game. Exactly what you described tends to happen for me with very rare exceptions. Give me a reason to do other things than “to see how far you can get”. I was originally excited for the never ending dynamax adventures but only did it once because there was no real reason to do them anymore.
    I love the dynamax adventures.
It gave me a fun good coop experience with friends.

I’ll miss it
        I very much enjoy the regular dynamax adventures, sure it had some faults but overall it was a fun way to add coop and a way to mix up shiny hunting. I am hopeful for some of the possibilities for coop play in SV.
Best mythical ever made? Victini during the launch period of Black and White.

You can get it before the third gym, it's level 15, it's part psychic so you can't quite dump on the bug gym leader, and importantly, you have to *catch* it, it's not given to you.

If all mythicals were like it they would be a better concept.
    You are exactly right. Wish I could say the same about New and Deoxys in Gen 3 but those distributions were literally never made (another reason not to have mythicals be exclusive to event distributions!)
    Plus, it was a WiFi event, meaning you didn't have to worry about having the right store nearby, or your store getting passed up even if you did have one. It was the first mythical I was able to get for that reason.
Me, trying to think up ideas for a fangame reading your mythical distribution idea:
This is why X and Y are my favourites, no nuzlock is the same. Most routes have PLENTY of options. This hasn’t really been the case since.
    I’m playing X for the first time right now. I have 93 pokemon caught so far and I’m not even at the *second* gym
        I had I believe 237 by the champion in my last playthrough Pokémon x is by far my favorite Pokémon game
        Blazeblack and Voltwhite ruined the normal games for me
            Rom hacks and fan games in general ruined normal games for me. You get one hit of the “better game design” drug and you can’t go back
                Yeah. Drayano should’ve been hired by Game Freak a long time ago.
    X/Y had the perfect size Pokédex and it’s sad they’ve all been smaller since.
    It’d go further to say that Pokemon Super Mystery Dungeon (the gen 6 equivalent) is an example of what mainline pokemon could’ve looked like if it lived up to its full potential.


* Every pokemon in existence (at the time) was obtainable in this one game (the only exception is that Hoopa specifically will always be a “visitor” in your party and not a playable character). 



* Every major character returns from the previous games. While you can only recurit one of each pokemon, it is canonized that all these pokemon are the same characters you saw in the previous games. The Wigglytuff you meet is the same from Explorers. The rayquaza you see is the same from Rescue Team / Rescue team dx. The list goes on and they all have unique dialogue that makes it apparent.




* Instead of being locked to one region, there is a liner service that lets you travel to other continents and explore different portions of the world. You can pretty much revisit old places featured in other games (treasure town, shaymin village, poster town and pokemon square cannot be visited, but their existence is referenced). 


* Gameplay was greatly optimized and improved. Many of the improvements it brought were included in Rescue Team DX on the switch.


* The story is really good. Admittedly it doesn’t execute some portions as well as it could have, but it is significantly better than the main games. I know somebody will say “bUt iTs NoT As GoOd As ExPlOrErS oF sKy,” but it doesn’t have to be a flawless masterpiece to be enjoyable. The very end of the main story & epilogue is somewhat lackluster but very much subversive for long time fans (though, I’d love to see this improved in a remake one day).
Yknow I had never considered this but you're absolutely right. Every game up until PLA, I'd only ever catch about 20 Pokémon per game (legendaries and all included) and would only actually use 6 throughout the game.

The fact that some Pokémon just straight up suck (and can't be used as a Tank, HM dummy or serve any other purpose) means that most players will generally only use a handful of Pokémon collectively.

Not quite translatable but one thing I remember telling a friend about Monster Hunter was "it's great, if you're just playing for fun, then literally every weapon is OP. Use whatever you like!".
Pokémon could use a bit more of that!
    I think alot has to do with how routes are set up. They do feel strategically set up with more unattractive pokemon being more easily obtainable than the "cool" ones. And when its easy to get an attractive one early in the game, everyone does it. Like if you thought Altaria, Salamence, Flygon were cool back in the day, you most likely stopped giving a fuck once you found out you could get Trapinch early and ur team naturally molded to the point where you could care less about running into Swablu/Shelgon at like the 7th gym lmao
    Because the games are so easy, there's no need to ever strategize or change up your team. You can just steamroll with 6 attackers with decent type coverage. It would be great if it was challenging enough to make you consider adding walls or terrain damage in single player.
        I feel attacked, that's my playing strategy, and I don't want for it to not be viable. Playing that way brings me joy.
            Which is why difficulty levels make too much sense
    I actually haven't had fun with the catching mechanic since the well-done, rewarding rare spawns in Sapphire like Skitty, Slakoth, and Shroomish...

PLA doesn't interest me in the slightest with such a focus on it, but I'd love to experience it better in a newer Scarlet & Violet. I say it every time, but finally maybe a good pokemon game again?  *cries in memory of gen 5*  (I thought gen 5 was the worst so far when it came out too, but still enjoyed it, but I'd take ten gen 5's over one Gen 6, 7, or 8)
Pokemon Legends Arceus does a bit to encourage cycling out your team. I wonder if they'll develop that idea further.
I agree somewhat. it is a shame that more Pokémon aren't as useable/viable. But honestly in most vanilla play throughs you can pretty much get away with using whatever you want. Sure in competitive that list falls off drastically. But I remember playing through SwSh and being pleasantly surprised by my team that was not very impressive in the stat department. I think my issue is not the lack of selection but the lack of tools to help speed up training. I know a lot of people complain about the EXP share. But what's the point of an interchangeable roster if the Pokémon I want to swap in is 30-40 levels below my current squad? so then I'm stuck grinding wild Pokémon... maybe include an area in each region that's like the battle frontier (but not end game) where we can train against random trainers or something? Idk
Are you saying that it was a bad idea for them to add new Pokémon like houndoom, sneasel, and misdreavus in gold and silver, but make them entirely unavailable until after you've already beat the main game?
Yup. I’ve stated on these threads that I’ve always disliked megas, and they’re the catalyst for this gimmick nonsense (also they’re never come back, it’s been like 5 years, give it a freaking break)

And I’ve been downvoted so hard. Because how DARE I besmirch the honor of megas!!!!

You think we wanted that controversial opinion here?

Megas are beloved by all-tow the company line or we’ll destroy you
    Regional variants are what Megas should really have been if I'm honest.
        That and actual new evolutions for some pokemon that literally don't have an evolution but do have a mega
The company is taking clear notes from Sanrio: it’s a lifestyle brand that happens to have video games, not the other way around.
Merch specially TCG and the anime
Yet most of the really nice merch that would sell well is japan exclusive and hard to get. It is mostly the card game though.
    [deleted]
That's not just an opinion, it's a fact as far as I'm concerned.
They *have* the money to give the games a bigger budget or hire bigger teams to accompany the strenuous annual workload. It just depresses me that Game Freak and a concerning number of their associates are so inept that most spinoffs tend to have better graphics, animation (and in some cases *stories*) than the mainline games.
They would do a lot better if they took their time. Imagine if instead of lgpe, bdsp and pla, we got more time and effort put into swsh and sv for bigger more open games with fuller pokedex's. They spread themselves too thin on these spinoffs. You could even have a company like ilca that just focuses on the dlc or something
Shit that’s not even a modern game thing, look at how late most gen 2 mons are in the Johto games. Without the pokewalker in HGSS, you can’t even get a bunch of them like Houndour or Murkrow until you get to Kanto, which at that point are they even Johto mons lmao?
    It's actually BECAUSE of Gen 2 that Gen 3 has very few old mons in it (early on). Game Freak also did not like how Gen 2 turned out.
        > Game Freak also did not like how Gen 2 turned out.

Really? Any chance you have a reference for that?
            There isn't one. To my knowledge they've never said that and if they had, HGSS would not have turned out the way they did.
    Thats also why many fans completely forget that some pokemon like skamory are gen2 not gen3. They're so late in the game that they are often overlooked because your team is already made
    For many years, I thought houndoom was gen 3, because I don't recall seeing one until then.
I agree, which is why I hail Gen 5 so much and loathe Alola just the same amount. Gen 5 had all the Pokémon post game but allowed you to only go through the story using new Pokémon. Alola was the opposite, I completed the game using older Pokémon despite hunting for newer Pokémon and the only Alolan Pokémon on my team was the shittiest prolly 0IVs Mimikyu. I ran around that haunted gas station store for 5 hours I shit you not before finding that Mimikyu. It barely stayed in the pokeball. Completely turned me off of Alola because I had my Rowlett and Mimikyu and team of old Pokémon. Kalos has their regionals more abundant but like in Alola, finding the anchor Pokémon is only in one square in near the E4 fishing. Mimikyu only in that stupid store. So on and so forth.
    It doesn't help that most Gen VII Pokemon are not only limited to a few areas, but had outright abysmal encounter rates in SM.
Being able to evolve those mon directly in Arceus with an item was awesome
    I hope they keep that feature for all future games. I couldn't use trade evolutions as a kid, and even now I have to find and trust a random stranger on the internet to help me if I want to evolve one.
Or you can be like gen 5 and make it so two different Pokémon have to be traded with each other to evolve.  Actually?  Just about any evolution requirement that relates to trading is awful.
    I'm replaying White2 lately and caught an Elekid thinking "Oh shit, this way I can make him evolve into an Electivire", which has always been one of my favourites electric type

Fortunatley I cecked on Bulbapedia first, but man :(
In what world is that a controversial opinion.
ESPECIALLY in Gen 1-2, I just straight up never got any trade evos in the first few games. Wasnt until around Diamond/Pearl I got my first Gengar and Scizor because trade was at least a little more accessible by then.
Honestly some of my favorite mons are also terrible (Furret, Jumpluff, etc) but I still want the games to be challenging. I don't mean make all the characters have 1837293738 hp, or make them 1hko, but I'd like smarter AI. I love playing competitive using "useless" pokemon like Gorebyss against people who use ridiculous meta stuff, for me it's part of the fun finding a way to prevail even against all odds, I guess.Or like, they should buff some mons too, Lilligant's lack of non grass moves is disgusting.
    It’s fun to just breed and raise Pokémon with perfect IVs and EVs that are outclassed horribly in Smogon tiers but so much fun to just wreck in single player. 

Arcanine go brrrrrrr
    For me it's incredible stupid when the literal elite 4 only have 5 Pokémon on their team. I remember that being the case in sword and shield. The champion was the only person in the whole game to have a full team
        There has never been a pokemon game where the elite 4 have had full teams. It's pretty much always been 5 pokemon each except for gens 5 and 6 where they had 4 pokemon each
    This is why I am a huge advocate for a difficulty setting. Let the players have the experience they want.
Yeah, I think the real problem is that the pokemon games have a large and diverse playerbase, as a result a lot of people look for very different things in terms of their enjoyment from the games. I didn't leave it in here but another controversial opinion of mine is that the let's go games are easily the most enjoyable kanto experiences. Yes, they are easy, yes they add few new things to the games, yes, the go mechanic is weird. But in terms of actually entertaining content it blows FRLG out the water.
    I don't think its too controversial to say that Let's Go is the best kanto.  
The casual play, the overworld encounters, the addition of megas, the shiny hunting, the riding pokemon, the regional forms, the 2 player mode, the ability to play with one hand, the ability to get all 3 starters, the connections to pokemon go, and the best artstyle across all the series (at least the 3d games).  


I'm very glad people are routing for a Let's Go Johto so that we'd be able enjoy them in their best form.
YES FINALLY SOMEONE UNDERSTANDS TO TRUE STRENGTH OF POKEMON. You can play with whatever team you want, however you want, with little to no repercussions. You want a team full of water types? You'll be screwed against any electric or grass types, but it doesn't matter because you can still win and it'll feel so sastifying
    The nice thing about dual types is you can at least protect yourself against electric using a water/ground type like Gastrodon. Can't think of a good counter for grass rn though
        Tentacruel maybe?
        Water-flying because it synergies very well with water-ground because most AI will use electric moves against the water-flying which gives a free switch in with the water-ground. It's only neutral against grass but I don't think you could do better.
    That doesn’t sound very satisfying tbh. Some of us enjoy having to strategize.
    I dont understand this mentality. You can beat Dark Souls using only a broken ladle, or beat Super Mario without picking up power-ups, or pay off you debt in Animal Crossing by only selling grass and twigs. You can impose arbitrary restrictions on yourself in any game to make it more interesting, challenging, and (hopefully) fun, but that shouldn't justify the game itself lacking any amount of difficulty. I understand and agree with the appeal of playing with a non-optimal team, but I dont understand how you can say that victory is satisfying when the game is so easy that even when playing monotype or something, you still aren't actually challenged.

I know that the issue with pokemon is that the games struggle with negotiating the dissonance between the "digital petting zoo" side of things and the "JRPG that culminates in beating up Al Capone and capturing God" side, which is why I specifically mentioned both Dark Souls and Animal Crossing. One is specifically meant to be very challenging, and one is specifically meant to be very casual, but Pokemon tries to do both (sort of).

I dont mean to sound like I'm judging or telling you how to enjoy your games, it's just that your comment seemed almost oxymoronic from my perspective.
I just wish there was a switch that let you turn it to hard mode at the beginning. Heck, it could even be hidden like pressing A+B+up pad during the professor speech or something. 

Imagine opening a menu that lets you pick different game modes like randomized Pokémon, or Nuzlocke, or whatever. The original true game will remain but it will give more options to appeal to other players. 

Surely something like this cannot be beyond the best selling franchise of all time.
    >I just wish there was a switch that let you turn it to hard mode at the beginning

And that's all there needs to be.  A way to toggle the difficulty and have it not require you to finish the story first.
    This is how me and my friends view it. Don't get me wrong, I still absolutely adore Pokémon, but I just wish there were difficulty options at the very least because let's be real, the games are easy. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, not at all, but a simple difficulty option with scaling levels and better AI surely can't be that much of an issue to add.

Like you pointed out Pokémon is by far the biggest franchise, it's a shame that they aren't a bit more adventurous with them.
There is a difference between easy and brain dead. The game now tells you what is the best move to use highlighting what is super effective. There is no strategy or game knowledge needed when the game boils down to spam 1 attack 3 times because 95% of trainers don't have more pokemon than that.

A hard mode would be greatly appreciated
    Yep I was about to comment the same thing. I don’t have a problem with an easy game but I’d like *some* amount of challenge because otherwise I just streamroll through the whole game spamming A to beat a trainer with 5 Magikarps.

There has to be a middle ground between a hard mode and the mind numbing easiness we have now.
I'm not looking for it to be Kaizo hard, I'm just looking to not sweep EVERY team I come across (including GL and E4) in a few clicks of the A button without any thought. I'm not asking for every low level trainer to be Ash Ketchum, but I am asking for a few of them to make me use Defense Curl.

I don't want a breeze, but I don't want a task. I want a challenge.

(Kirby: Crystal Shards vs. Forgotten Realms is a good example. Forgotten Realms is little too easy and there aren't many puzzles. Crystal Shards was just enough of a challenge where I feel like I had to "try" to win, but without having to grind and become a "try hard gamer" like some games. Both are fun, but one is a little more stimulating and has a more fulfilling achievement value.)
And then never bringing it back lol which is even worse

Especially when they're stupid like z moves
    Z moves seem cool until you watch the animation for twinkle tackle of Xerneas
        Twinkle Tackle doesn't look good on any Pokemon, really.
            Twinkle Tackle is silly on purpose, because Fairy.

But Tectonic Rage kicks the ass of any Max move.
    This is my problem. I liked the mega evolutions. they were new twists on old pokemon and required you to use them strategically. 

and we get crap like gigamax now? I guess all that time they spent on those models is completely wasted.
This isn't an unpopular opinion at all.
And it will probably be removed in a gen or two :c
Absolute coldest opinion
Not really controversial
I'm going to take the opposite opinion because I know what you're saying is popular.

I absolutely like that each generation looks like it's going to get it's own battle mechanic that doesn't carry over to future generations. I feel it helps to give each generation of Pokemon battling (VGC specifically, but also singles when they aren't broken in 1v1s like Dynamax) it's own feel.

Tying the mechanics into the region helps to give the region it's own identity, which is also a positive.
Yeah usum pissed me off pretty hard. Thought it’s be a huge expansion on the original but it was 90% the same. Total waste.
Agreed. I have Alpha Sapphire and I love it! Probably my favourite features are the DexNAV and soaring! I actually got my first shiny from using the DexNAV :)
I stand with my opinion being that ORAS > HGSS
    IMO the worst thing about HGSS is that it gold/silver weren't very good games to begin with.
        Yeah, I hate how they never fixed johto's atrocious problem that being there's not much ways to have a mostly johto pokemon team, and the cool new evolution Pokemon introduced in gen 4 were barely usable here because you just can't meet the requirements in some ways (like how you can't find a shiny stone for togekiss).


HGSS added, uhh following pokemon, much better looks and that pretty much it
            >HGSS added

Gym leader rematches in the Saffron City Dojo, and... Yeah you got me there. I might be biased lol
        The Kanto side is honestly just bad in both games. It's a wow moment for sure but after the excitement stops you realise it's a dead empty region with not much to do
Is this really a controversial opinion though?
I miss the contests honestly
    I liked how they were done in HGSS with the olympics style thing, but also like classic contests from RSE. Wish there was room for both.
    I didn't like how the contests work in-game. I liked how they worked in the show. I wouldn't mind a spin-off game with contests closer to the anime.
There’s a few quests in PLA that let you put Pokémon into Jubilife Village, and it’s an absolute joy to walk down the street now and see a place that once was only humans now also filled with Pokémon.

There’s also some fun little research quests like studying Clefairy’s reaction to the full moon. Fun little treat from a series whose player-facing science has mostly been “write a three-sentence report.”
    The pokemon you give villagers actually retain all their characteristics too! If you gave someone a small Wurmple, they'll have a small Dustox later. If you gave someone a shiny alpha Geodude, later they'll have a shiny alpha Golem.
        iirc only the wurmple evolves, the rest of the mons are static since you can swap most of them with something else from your box. But your right in them retaining their characteristics in the overworld
Oh my gosh yeah! I'd love a game where it focuses more on aspects like contests, musicals, pokeathlon, I wanna see my mons having fun not just punching each other.
    I think the Pokémon ranger games are seriously underrated. I played the shit out of the first one and the world feels so alive and just so like what a Pokémon world would be like.

That and mystery dungeon especially are arguably as good if not better than the main series games.
My friends and I (biology folks) call PLA “Fieldwork: The Game”. I loved the focus on Pokémon themselves and building their relationships with humans.
That’s why I liked Sun & Moon so much in the anime. It’s just kinda like “here we are in paradise what are we gonna do today?”
Rip my run where I played with male combee until past level 50
It's been 2 consecutive generations that we didn't have any new trade evolutions. If Scarlet & Violet bring back the Linking Cord from Legends: Arceus, they might be getting rid of trade evolutions for good
Totally agree. I thought removing abilities and changing up how turn-based combat works was a little weird but didn't mind it too much.

And everything else about the game was absolutely fantastic. I especially liked the open world exploration/catching and the cool regional variant Pokémon.
Hard agree! I think it's the most pokemon-y pokemon game since the first gen--a completely different style of play that encourages you to ACTUALLY catch all the pokemon and learn about them. A game that shows the relationship between people and pokemon, rather than just telling about it. A game that encourages curiosity and exploration and experimentation! PLA was one of the first games in years to give me that absolute childlike joy/wonder, in spite of all of its faults
Legends Arceus is full stop the best Pokemon game ever made, flawed or not.
    I loved it too. And it seemed like a prototype for Scarlet/Violet and the new games seem like a Sword/Shield/Legends Arceus hybrid. 

Also hot take, I think Sword and Shield did more things right than wrong. And I got a lottt of post game hours doing raids and post game content. Probably more than I have with most pokemon games. On gameboy you typically had maybe 5-10hrs of stuff to do after pokemon league, sw/sh was almost endless.
It's what I've wanted from a pokemon game since I first saw the anime as a kid. It's the only game where the pokemon feel like they're wild animals and you're exploring their world.
The biggest two problems with PLA are the unclear initial explanation on what the Pokédex wants, and the draw distance the game is forced into on Switch. The game isn’t empty; it just can’t render! Other than that it’s the best game they’ve put out since Ultra Moon, my opinion.
I thought Red did that
    One could argue blue did it because he lost to red
The raticate commites seppuku
That's a well thought-out opinion and I'm upvoting because I don't like it, so well done on being well-thought-out and controversial.

Counterpoint: Lore-wise, Pokemon each have their own inherent personality, and dropping that in favor of making it easier to grind for competitive purposes is a bad idea. Natures give a little more life to the Pokemon world, and it goes against the spirit of the story to breed-grind for the "perfect" Pokemon instead of taking an "inferior" Pokemon that you've bonded with and winning as the underdog.

Counter-suggestion: Competitive play should just let you pick your stats exactly like Showdown does. If there's no point in breed-grinding to get a perfect nature, then there shouldn't be much point in EV grinding to get perfect stats either. Both are treating Pokemon as tools to be bent and shaped as you see fit and discarded when no longer useful.
    Admittedly it would be ideal to let the games function like Showdown and let you modify your Pokémon for the Battle Tower/Frontier and Competitive at will. So your counter suggestion would achieve the same result. I just don’t know if GameFreak would be willing to finally give up the ghost and just lay out the system like that rather than continuing to hide behind the veneer they’ve created. 

They’ve become a lot friendlier to competitive Pokémon modification in-game by allowing nature changes, IV manipulation, and even items that unlock the hidden ability of a Pokémon. But they still insist on hiding the whole thing behind the dedicated grind. My suggestion was primarily to give them an out so they could truthfully maintain that “all Pokémon are special” while also truthfully maintaining that “all Pokémon have potential for greatness” without having to pop the hood and show off the engine.
I don't think natures are bad. In casual play, there's still plenty of wiggle room to win with a Pokemon that has a terrible nature. Plus there's only a handful of them and they're very easy to breed for.

But yeah, we really should have something better than hatching a hundred eggs for perfect IVs.
Some people would like the option to disable it.

Also one big problem with the diamond and pearl remakes was forced exp share was enabled, but ever battle was using levels from before the full team had the exp share, so you rapidly start to overtake all your opponents without even trying to.
    Omg yes. Please give us the option to disable. It’s good during the main story but during post game I like to keep a Pokémon around level 20-30 as my fodder Pokémon to catch weaker Pokémon.

I hate that it gets leveled up against my wishes.
        I feel your pain friend. I bred myself a scrappy ability pangoro with false swipe in shield.

He is my low level catcher now and I love him. He can even punch ghosts which is hilarious.
    BDSP are honestly the worst mainline Pokemon games, or at least the worst remakes. They're quite literally a copy-paste of the originals, to the point that the same typos and even the same glitches are still in. But of course, what they DID add to the games was done without balancing the rest of the game around it. It's awful.
        Drizzle pelliper was ridiculously broken
    I basically stopped playing that game because I got so over leveled out wasn't fun anymore. 

Super frustrating to play through, I basically just need to remake a team and use that for a while so my main team doesn't ohko everything
With opinions like this, it's always so clear that the solution would just be to give players the option. Genuinely so glad that the new exp share works well for you but it doesn't work well for others.

Why can't they just give us a simple toggle to switch it on and off? That's all it would take to please both camps 🤷
    Exactly, I don't get why people don't want a switch. I keep the exp on since I love catching multiple pokemon and having them all around the same level so I can rotate my team, but if someone wants to have the exp off let them!!
        Right. No one* was griping about it in Gen 6 or 7 when Exp Share was on by default. You could always turn it off and there were folks who did (hi, I'm one of them). The complaining about Exp Share largely started with Gen 8 when they took the option to turn it off away. There was no need to do that.

*There will always be a few who complain about anything. You know what I mean so no need to try to correct.
            Also, I'm pretty sure no one cares about EXP sharing being forced in Legends Arceus, because the game was balanced around you catching lots of Pokémon and cycling your team to complete their quests, so in order to have any team members at a reasonable level EXP sharing was practically a necessity

Unfortunately, SwSh wasn't like that
        That and you have to like avoid battles to avoid being overleveled with EXP share. The games aren’t balanced around EXP share.
    I'm pretty sure that's what it was like when it was introduced in X/Y, no idea why they removed it
I just wish it was an option. I prefer to turn it off to make the game a bit harder and to really force me to switch off my stronger pokemon.
I like grinding😂 i still turn the exp share off to train each pokemon individually also because of EVs
Especially in the Johto games
Grinding is my favorite part of the game. I enjoy when i can just grind in some green grass for an hour or two as i listen to music or chat with my family. I don't like when i have to go into a new area and figure out the next part of the storyline. Meh, maybe it's just me.
I would agree if I could turn it off yk?
It's amazing how many of the "controversial takes" in this thread are actually debates with really simple solutions:

A goddamn toggle button

Hate the new exp share? Toggle it off

Game is too easy? Difficulty toggle
Comments like this are mind boggling to me.  Legit what game do you need to grind in?  Maybe before the first gym for a short bit but that's it.  Do people count battling trainers as grinding?
    I’m guessing some people skip trainers and are then under leveled? I have no idea honestly.
        I've fought like 90% of the trainers the the game (Which you know, is the gameplay) and have never been underleveled minus sometimes at the Elite 4.
    Uh heartgold and soulsilver are very grindy. Not a single time I’ve fought the gym leaders within 3 levels of their highest level mons. And that’s after grinding to put the party within 5 levels so they wouldn’t get knocked out in one hit.
Woah man, this is just too controversial.   Theres a line dude.
Why are you complaining about seeing clowns when you come to the circus?
Gen 6 is honestly my favourite because of the great customization for guys specifically, the later games had garbage guy clothes.
I agree and some of these things shouldn’t even be considered girly imo. I’m a guy and always play as a girl character bc of how much better the customization is, even in Legends Arceus which improved on it, the hairstyles for the girl character are so much cooler.
Agree with the switch to set change. It also makes it a more fair battle. The opponent doesnt know what pokemon you're going to send to battle next, so why should you?
I kind of disagree about BDSP. Yeah the elite four were challenging, but in comparison to the rest of the game, they're insanely difficult. The game should have a good difficulty curve, not smacking the player out of the blue with way more difficult battles after no real challenges the whole game.
    Having a massive difficulty spike is bad game design. It feels like people praise Ultra Necrozma for being so brutally difficult, when to me it felt like I simply couldn't beat it unless I cheesed it.
I don't know about BDSP, but SwSh is just mind numbingly easy. It's a mash A simulator.


I don't think the series needs to be hard, not many games in the series are, but some are definitely better balanced in a way that encourages the player put in a little effort to beat the game.
    > SwSh is just mind numbingly easy

Oh, I agree, I remember most of the gym leaders being basically Dynamax -> use super effective max move 3 times.  But I think that SwSh is a bit of an outlier difficulty wise.  Both S/M games as well as BDSP had challenging fights.  I guess we'll see with Scarlet and Violet.
        You didn't even need to dynamax tbh
    Never failed a battle in SwSh. The series needs to have adaptive difficulty, the stronger you are the harder the battles.
        Or just a difficulty setting. They’ve literally done it before.
Yeah ultra sun moon are no walks in the park, the E4 will dump you if you’re not careful or horrsendously overleveles
    Yep.  And its also got the totem Pokemon which get buffs, z-moves, and can 2v1 you.  And ultra Necrozma, which can easily out-speed and 1 shot your entire team if you're not prepared for it.
They definitely felt more like comical relief 90% of the time in Alola, but they also served that purpose pretty well.
Jessie and James aren't really particularly bad people really, honestly I think they only try and steal Pikachu every episode because they actually just wanna hang out with Ash and Co.

They're meant to be bumbling comic relief, Giovani is the real Villain.
    They have never been really bad. There's nothing villainous about their version of the Team Rocket..motto/poem thing.
        I mean there is the “to denounce the evils of truth and love” part…
            That's just them justifying lying to themselves on a daily basis
I really like the new gimmicks, but my favorite is still the megas, because my 3 favourite pokemon recieved megas, and thats because i really like the other gimmicks: no pokemon gets excluded. Everyone can use their favourite pokemon and enjoy the new gimmicks. Z-moves are sick (excluding the fairy one), dyna/gigantamax is goofy and fun, and terastalization is something i really wanted since i was a kid (excluding the hats of course, but they dont seem to make the experience worse so it doesn't matter for me). And, after all, if you dont like the gimmicks its simple: just dont use them in your playthroughs.

(Sorry for the ocasional spelling and grammar mistakes, im not a native speaker :D )
Nothing says onix should be good though. It’s just a big Pokémon
    Joltik, a tini tiny spider, has an attack of 47, onix A SNAKE MADE OF BOULDERS has an attack of 45???? Cotton Candy swrilix has 48. AND A FREAKING BALOON is stronger. Yeah sure, it doesn't have to be quick, nor a special defence tank. But at least make his attack strong. 

And even an elite four has it... Twice
    It’s a signature Pokémon of at least one gym leader, it should be better.
        The fact that it's the signature pokemon of the first gym leader is almost certainly the reason it's not better. They needed a scary-looking pokemon that's actually beatable even if you don't really understand what you're doing yet.
I dug up my old Gameboy, got my roommate to find his old GBA and cable and bought Blue and Red from eBay and put the Gameboy with Pokemon Red in the bathroom. Whenever I would poop I'd play Pokemon Red, used the glitch to catch Mew and a few months later I caught all 151 Pokemons. 

Tauros was the worst, I woke up with severe diarrhea one day at about 5AM(Lactose intolerance + hubris) and stayed in the toilet for 2 whole hours. It would have been horrible but getting that darn bull made it worth it. Highly recommended!
If you include the Mew (or I guess Ditto) glitch, they're one of the only main series games where it's possible to complete the Pokédex without trading. It IS a chore, but is possible, and there's definitely a feeling of accomplishment afterwards.

I do think Porygon is too hard to get for what it is. If Porygon2 was in gen 1, sure, it'd be worth it, but for the time, no it wasn't (although you could just Mew Glitch for it).
I'll have you know that it's not every year, it's every TWO years!
I felt the cartoon was good, at least for the Kanto and Johto regions. After that, Ash's lack of character development (and lack of aging) really did things in for me.

I'd have preferred if the writers retired Ash, and started with a new main character + main pokemon. Ash could still have made cameo appearances as a super strong senior trainer and that would have been cool.

Right now its just the same Ash with different side characters and a different set of Pokemon...
    There's the aging thing and there's the fact that evidently he's traveled 8 regions in full in under a year. Seems to me that logically it would have taken at least a couple years but this is the anime we're talking about... I dropped off in the Adv season. Thunder armour killed it for me.
        We got official word on the whole "Ash never ages" thing. They want the anime to have the feeling of an "endless summer", so they point-blank refuse to have Ash grow up, either physically or mentally. (Read: they found a winning formula and don't want to change it.)
    Yeah, then we can have Brendan and Lucas lose their Leagues instead.
    Yeah, i liked Ash in Kanto and Johto, in Battle Frontier too, at those times he did have a good development. They should have retired him at that time
It also depends what they mean by grind. 

Like, I’m games before x and y, I feel like you definitely need to explore every area relatively thoroughly at a bare minimum both to find Pokemon with type advantage and be leveled appropriately. 

There’s definitely instances of Grinding If for one reason or another you aren’t creating a perfectly  optimal team.
You are right about the last one, a lot of people I know who say pokemon is very grindy (It's imo, WAY less grindy than other jrpgs I've played before) don't use items, care about EVs or IVs, learn strategy, check their own mon's stats to see if they use physical or special, or know any basics of combat. Of course you'll struggle beating the game if you only teach special moves to a physical mon.
I agree on the edited in point.  There's, what, three or four categories when it comes to Pokémon designs?

You've got the "Literally just an animal" category, the "Literally just an object" category, the "I can see where they were going with this" category, and the "What the fuck is this?" category.
To your last point, I could see maaaaaybe needing to grind in gen 2 because the level curve is so jank but that's really it.

Seems like half the fanbase complains the games are too easy while the other half complains that grinding is required to beat them. Are they playing the same games? I remember doing "challenge" runs of the older games as a kid using only my starter for fights, and those were a breeze. 

If you're complaining that the games require grinding and you're not doing a nuzlocke, sorry to say but that's a *you* problem.
Truly an unpopular opinion. I personally think there is a higher level of design which shows more thought, care and refinement in some Pokémon compared to others, even if I don't like some of them.

I can see great design choices in pokemon I don't give a rattata's ass about, but also bad ones in the ones I like, despite of those.

As an example, I think Lucario undersells their metal type and I think they were meant to be a fighting/psychic type, the three metal spikes look like an afterthough, the black sensors at the back of their heads and the lore about aura reading and manipulation (a typical thing for professed real world psychics to do) seem like they would represent the psychic element. I love Lucario, but I think these are badly designed.

(Edit: spelling and addition)
I think there is such a thing as objectively bad design, but everyone loves different Pokemon for different reasons, maybe they carried them through their playthrough, maybe their competitive career is cool or something.
Hotter take, the pokemon games where always kinda easy, most of us just played the games when we where todlers
    Even hotter take: earlier gens like gen 1 difficulty came from terrible design decisions and lack of polish rather then actually making it a hard.
    These are the coldest takes I've ever seen.  People repeat exactly what you're saying on this sub literally every single day.
    I was so disappointed when I replayed that one REALLY HARD rival battle in R/S/E. As an adult, I got through it first try.

It was never a hard battle, I was just trying to defeat a wailmer and a marshtomp with a single fire type Pokemon.
I'm so confused hearing this. Like, HGSS maybe, they're notorious for being grindy.


But like, if you needed to grind to beat gens 3-5, then I think you're more likely just not very good at the game, and it's not that the game is poorly balanced or something.
With the *possible* exception of the game's superboss (Red, Steven) they aren't grindy at all. Being underleveled isn't a big deal against NPCs that are incapable of strategy.
If you ever need to grind in a Pokémon game, you are just bad at the game.
Or in-game NPC's do trades for version exclusives and evolutions.
‘Roided up muppet looking mofo… hate his face… his smug aura mocks me
shit i actually love conkeldurr 😅
Growing up, I’ve played gens 1-3, and skipped 4 and 5 because I was in the “eww Pokémon phase”, then I stopped listening to people’s opinions and went back for 6 and 7, and ONLY played gens 4 and 5 during pandemic via very very legal means.

I have no nostalgia for Black and White. And I can say that the games are in top 3 of my personal totem pole of mainline games. The spritework for the games are more memorable than the 3D models, and the scale of things like Castelia feels more grand than Lumiose. The story… well, it’d probably go unappreciated by a 10 year old me, but mid-20s year old me can appreciate the surprising nuance of the main story as well as how fleshed out the gym leaders were. And I think if I played them at the same age I was when the games came out, I could still appreciate it.

It’s the games I *wished* I played during its hay day.
Most of my favorite Pokemon came from Gen 5. And the fact that TMs became unlimited on it is enough to make it my top 1.
>Mine might not be too controversial these days, but in my opinion Generation 5 has aged like fine wine.

Yeah this is like, the most popular opinion on the sub rn
Oh my gosh I remember the hate was so bad back then, I actually had a small fear of pokemon fans 6-10 years my seniors for a long time because of that.

Remember when people said Oshawott was ugly?
It's always good to know what your opinions are and hold onto them.
I think that rock and ice should be super effective against eachother as Rock can easily smash Ice and when water freezes into ice in the cracks of rocks, it can break them apart
I'm not sure about that but they should rework ice type to be more viable. It's defensively the worst type.
This comment is so funny to me, lmao. Like I get what you're trying to say, people who hate Charizard gain nothing from it, but I also don't think people hate Charizard to be "Quirky and unique" so much as they hate Charizard for being given special attention too often, lol
    I don't hate it, I'm just bored of seeing it.
Right, you’re just the average fan
Hard agree. Beautiful region, fantastic Pokémon designs, amazing score, and characters that have growth and that I actually care about!  Def my favorite game.
Among my favorite in the Anime too.
Hey me too!

I also think XY are really really good.
It has a cohesive and thought out plot that holds up for people looking for that kind of thing but it gets in the way for fans who prefer gameplay, which, given the history of the games is most of the player base that stuck around
Agree if we’re talking about the Ultra versions
    Disagree if we're talking about the Ultra versions.


Like, why did it change the story? It didn't add onto it, it just outright made unnecessary, seemingly random changes for no reason, when SuMo's story was already praised.


Even if you like UsUm's story better, you can't deny that it's at odds with the original SuMo because of this. It has all these improvements, yet due to the story, it's impossible to call the "definitive" versions of gen 7.
    Very much disagree, Ultra removed and retconned Pokémon's absolute top tier evil villain and made her just a victim.
Idk, I feel that's cherry picking. Look at Sun and Moon, that game is BRIMMING with inspiration. And not every gen 1 Pokemon had some clear Japanese influence.
I mean while I agree real life inspiration gets too rigid sometimes, we also did have a Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee evolution line back then.
    They did yeah, but it was strictly a name thing, a loose relation, which is what I’m getting at. Hitmonchan is a boxing Pokémon which isnt what Jackie Chan is know for, the only relation is Chan at the end of the name. Same goes for Hitmonlee. 

I agree they did the same thing back then, but they didn’t just carbon copy real things, they had their own inspiration, and just paid homage to figures rather than design them as the figures.
They’ve expanded past Japanese regions though. The soccer and spy Pokémon make sense given that England/Britain (I don’t know what’s correct, sorry all Scots, Irish, and others) have huge soccer culture and Bond is their guy.
This isn't controversial at all.
HGSS is like a well presented and overly large portion of food that lacks proper seasoning. 

The journey through Kanto has to be the most boring stretch of any Pokemon game out there. It's totally bland. And whilst Johto has some incredible looking areas, it's a pretty undercooked region itself.
    Man if this is a scolding take of Johto I'd hate to hear your opinion on sword and shield haha.
Hgss gets a lot of hate. It has flaws, but the only problem i really have is the level curve. It’s still not the end of the world for me, as I just accept it and don’t use a team bigger than 3-4 mons. Starter, Ampharos and then one or two of crobat/vileplume/arcanine.

It is my favourite game to replay. 

Most games since black and white are very linear. Add to that the fact that you have absolutely no reason to return to almost any city and you have a boring game. 

Ultra sun and moon is the only game I’ve really enjoyed of the releases post black and white.
HGSS are only everyone’s favorite because of follower pokemon
    And the 2 regions within one game. And the 16 gym leaders. And the Battle Frontier. They're beloved because they offered so much more than any Pokemon game before or since. The two regions really gave it a sense of adventure as well.

&#x200B;

Edit: they also gave us the triathlon! I played the hell out of those games with my juiced-up mons.
        I don’t think they have more features than Platinum just to pull a name out. The second region and gym leaders 9-16 are not even an obstacle by the time you get to them. HGSS still have all the flaws of GSC, but with a coat of paint on it. Plus you’re missing out on all the new features/QOL additions from newer games, including all the new pokemon. 

And this might be a controversial opinion too, but Pokemon games (except PLA) haven’t had a sense of adventure in a loooooong time. Linear maps combined with how prevalent internet guides and stuff are means that there is basically no exploration.
Honestly, I would've agreed until PLA, but the height differences and original heights are pretty cool. And this is only possible for 3D mons.
It ruined Thyphlosion and Hippowdon
If anything it made the Pokémon look worse
Agreed. PLA was the first in the series to actually make a modern game. SwSh was depressingly executed.
I dont like pikachu too, but i think it is the one who represents the best what pokemon is all about to the general public: its cute, easily understandable design, a little weird, and the clear association with thunder makes him a perfect mascot to the frachise. Well theres other pokemon that fit in these categories (eg. Charmander) but pikachu was chosen, deal with it i guess.

(Sorry for the ocasional spelling/grammar mistakes, im not a native speaker :D )
Raichu is better
    Alright there Lt Surge
Platinum has some really solid AI to target weaknesses, on top of Gym and Pokémon League teams being built to perfectly cover their weaknesses.

Still not “super hard”,  but there can definitely be some challenge in Platinum if you don’t grind or prepare.
Genius Sonority needs to make a comeback
I don't think that Game Freak are great developers but they're hardly killing the franchise. The games sell crazy numbers and it's the biggest franchise in the world.
    success does not always translate to quality, just look at SwSh base game without the DLCs, it's just *bad*. And don't tell me that it should be normalised paying double the price of a AAA game to get the "full" intended game with the rest of the DLCs
I disagree with some of your takes, but respect you fou just coming out and saying it
    they did say controversial lol. No shade towards anyone. This franchise is huge and i definitely know that most people dont share my opinions.
        I think you hit the nail on the head with no bad designs
There is a terrible design and that is Jynx
    I could not agree with you more. I normally don't dislike a Pokemon just because it looks "ugly", but Jynx is the lone exception
[deleted]
    Yep. And conflate "I don't like this design" with "this is a bad design".

Something like Bruxish for example is so distinct and unique and is a better design than something boring like Remoraid by a mile. But people want more fish that just look like regular fish, I guess.
Gen 5 doesn't need a remake, but Gen 6 could use ***something.*** They're the only games in the series to not have gotten third versions or sequels or anything like that, and there's evidence suggesting there were plans for that sorta thing but they got scrapped. A modern sequel would be interesting.
I’m most curious as to why red in particular?
> Indigo League was the worst season of the Anime, since it aged poorly.

I would argue that the Black/White era of the anime aged even worse.
Gen 5 wasn't though

Unova was balanced especially with the xp share.
The core gameplay is fine for the most part, but the story is absolutely abysmal and the linearity is *painful*. It's like the game goes out of it's way to keep the player from doing anything cool.
    The story is ass backwards. "BANG oh man there must be something crazy interesting happening over there... but don't you worry about it, you continue on your linear nonsensical quest"
        I know exactly which scene you're referring to, and it made me want to punch Leon in the throat.
        I still can't get over the mindfuckingly dumb series of events that was Rose Tower and its immediate aftermath. It's almost obvious that there was a *need* for the usual villainous team base intrusion, but they just couldn't figure out how to fit it into the story without half of the cast acting brainead.

That, and the horrifying smiles of the Macro Cosmos staff are forever seared into my retinas.
I thoroughly enjoyed Shield. Could it have been better? Vastly. Did the devs make some baffling choices? **100%**. But everything that *is* there feels pretty damn good, with some great QoL features.


Plus the Pokémon introduced in Galar are overall great if you ask me. A few I’m not crazy about, but the good ones are REALLY good. Dracozolt has become my all-time favorite.
    The rookidee corvisquire and corviknight bird thingie is my favorite of all the pidgey remakes
They're good and bad games, it depends on what you value. If you like overworld exploration and lots of content, and you were hoping for a good story after SuMo's, then you'd probably be disappointed with SwSh. But there are a lot of other aspects to like too and not everyone cares if SwSh's story is bad or not.


It's a flawed game.
Idk man I think they’re pretty bad
Maybe if you've never played a game before
Mega rayquaza is the best example of taking an already amazing design and trying to one up it in an attempt to look cooler. It tried to look like the primals, but just became way too noisy.
I think dexit wouldn't be so controversial if they didn't lie and said they were improving the animations when they're still the same models made almost 10 years ago. If they just said "hey we're removing pokemon because there's going to be too many of them to add in newer games" then i think there wouldn't have been so much backlash. Or just actually give us newer pokemon models and animations. Because, honestly, I don't think it would be ideal to have every single pokemon in the game especially when we're probably going to be over 1,000+ total by the time SV comes out. Like it sucks if your favorite pokemon aren't in the game, but it's going to happen sooner or later.
I’ll one up your controversial take with a bigger one. If there was a time to go through Dexit, it should have been earlier, between Gens 5 and 6. (At the time), 3D models were always clamored about, but we had no point of reference, so if they were like “hey, 3D modeling hard, we’re gonna stick with these select Pokémon and go from there”, it would have been a much softer pill to swallow for 90% of the fanbase. There needed to be that BIG STEP in terms of graphics to fly the “too many Pokémon, can’t run them all” excuse and that was undeniably a bigger step in comparison to Gen 7 to Gen 8.
I don’t disagree that that Dexit was a bad thing but they should’ve done what Gen 5 did, Pokémon exclusive to the region but in the post game you can transfer the rest of the roster. Even if they include the models in update patches like SwSh did, as long as the the whole roster ends up in the game at the end, I don’t care. I just hate their pick and choose blasé attitude when GameFreak can hire people to make sure that dexit wouldn’t have been a thing. GameFreak was and still is being greedy. I hate having to rely on Pokémon Bank/Home to keep my previous buddies and not being able to see them in the newest regions/games.
"Giving different Pokemon the chance to shine and stand out."


I mean, uh... You're phrasing that as if Sword and Shield somehow did something different with the Pokemon it included, lol. If anything it tried to backtrack on Dexit somewhat by adding a ton of older Pokemon back in through an update.


If the Pokemon in each modern game were higher quality somehow or were used for something interesting, I would be more inclined to agree. But as it is, Dexit exists because the devs don't wanna waste dev time implementing older Pokemon into the modern games, because they have chokingly tight dev times.
[deleted]
Dexit was what made me not buy games anymore precisely because a lot of my underrated favorites were gone.
The backlash to Dexit would’ve been way smaller if GF didn’t lie about why they were doing it.
Dexit was also inevitable. Adding both complexity and count increases overhead dramatically. Making sure the game doesn't happen to crash when (for example) Chikorita uses an obscure egg move takes time. Animating each Pokémon takes time. People act like because GF has money they have money to throw at any problem but the group that benefits from a given Pokemon in the nat dex is vanishingly small. That money would be so much better spent elsewhere. *HOWEVER*, Game Freak wasted any remaining goodwill that might cause the general fanbase to come to this conclusion by phoning in the SwSh battle engine and taking the savings off the top as profit instead of investing it.
Mind if I ask why you prefer the three games formula instead of DLC? Them releasing literally the same game twice with minimal changes always felt like a scam to me personally.
    I think it's based on the fact base games are usually trash, not just modern ones, but in general, Black and White were the closest to passable of the base games. So essentially the mindset is, having a third game allows each region to truly shine whereas DLC takes attention away from the main region while increasing the longterm cost of fully experiencing a region and decreasing the potential for revisiting in the future. In 10 years, SwSh probably won't see the growth in value other games have specifically because there will be little desire to play them, especially knowing you already need to pay more to fully experience it. I know personally, as a kid I had to "upgrade"(sell your current one to get the newest, whether its a new generation or third version) my games and save up to eventually rebuy them later on. I definitely would not have done that with SwSh specifically because it's essentially a $90 game(if I want the full experience) with a resell value based on the $60 base game.
        I sure hope ShSw won’t increase in value. Don’t need another pricing bubble.

Either way, I get your point about rather expanding a region instead of adding extra parts to them, though this can also easily be done with DLC.
I almost entirely disagree. We don't need a third game anymore. We barely need two versions. DLC is a much better way to go in place of a third version.

Megas are cool looking, but i think you're wrong in saying that the new gimmicks are shallow. especially the new terrastal idea. Pokemon able to be any type is crazy and jumbles things up majorly. I think most people don't see just how similar megas are to the other gimmicks, people just think they're different because of the visuals and form changes. Having them be tied to less than 50 mega evolutions isn't all that great, the fact that the new gimmicks can be applied to any pokemon is what makes them worthy of being in the games.

The thing I do agree with you on, is that they shouldn't drop these mechanics in the next games. They should keep them and then just restrict their usage in online rulesets for official tournaments, but keep them open if players select that as the rules they want.
Totally agree. Megas was the best innovative mechanic they introduced. The rest were shitty implementations of the same thing.

I was totally on board with Violet/Scarlet but then they showed the Crystal gimmick. Bleh. Practically the same reaction I had with gigantamax.
"Overrated" is pretty vague, though I'd love to hear why you feel it doesn't live up to the hype. I think some people over hype the story, but there are a lot of aspects gen 5 have that flex what Pokemon games can do right.
you should definitely post on r/pokemonconspiracies or whatever
The one aspect I loved about the Black and White anime was that he was constantly rotating out his team
    Shame he didn't evolve his Scraggy and Palpitoad
        it’s a shame he didn’t evolve anything of value on b&w
            how dare you insult Krookodile
            That's Ash in general for you, because it seemed like he always gave away, or 'released' his fully evolved pokèmon.
                I hated this as a kid, and was blasted on a forum for bashing him about it. You put forth all this effort to raise a Charizard (a wildly popular starter Pokemon, no less, *writers*) and he just... gives this cool ass, powerful team member away?
                    Although I wasn't thrilled with the thought of ash releasing strong pokemon, I could respect that he had in mind what his pokemon wanted, rather than what he wanted. Although I think it would be better for him if he just stuck to only catching pokemon which are only interested in battling, not in looking for a partner to start a family, that way all the effort he puts in making his pokemon stronger would pay off. As for Charizard, it's not like Ash can't call him each time he needs it, it's just that ash understood that he wasn't the most suited to develop Charizard 's full potential, and instead he left it in the hands of specialists.
            Krookidile?
    No desire to watch black and white but I thought it was cool he caught about 10 Pokemon and swapped them out like you said. I would honestly watch the upcoming new series if ash used some of his older Pokémon instead of just catching new ones
        That's usually what I would do after the shinnoh series (I lost interest in the anime because they got rid of Brock) Ash's Charizard vs Iris's Dragonite from bw series was a pretty kino mini arc
            I check up from time to time on serebii out of curiosity to see what ash is up to. I also watch some gym and championship battles on YouTube. This recent series battles are wild tho. Ash vs Cynthia was nutty. You might like iris vs Cynthia
                I like they actually let him win in alolah but I can't get past the art style it is very unappealing to me and seems like a lazy downgrade
                    I enjoyed the art just for the sake of the region being more chill
                    I think it had something to do with Yo-kai Watch getting super popular in Japan for awhile there. It's been a minute since I've heard anything about the series.
    He needed a brain though

“Hmm, big gym battle-3v3. Nah, plapitoad will be enough”

Pikachu got angry
In Kanto, Ash didn’t even have a full team of six for the majority of it. That’s always bugged me.
    Same with Kalos. His team was Pikachu, Greninja, Noivern, Hawlucha, and Talonflame all the way up until the Kalos League matches became 6 on 6 and he was forced to be reunited with Goodra. Still wish he would have caught that Dunsparce cause that would have been amazing.
        Teams that get 6-0d by Ice Beam
            Didn't know Ash did a flying type only run (with a few exceptions obviously) for Kalos lol
                They were trying to push Sky Battles. Yeah that didn't pan out.
        You’d think in the Gen they introduced fairy types, Ash would A) HAVE a fairy type, and B) Have fewer Pokémon that are weak to fairy.
            We're talking about an anime that has pikachu thunderbolt an Onix its first gym battle

And win
                Plot armor so thick it destroys the type chart.
                I mean tbf, "Soak" is a pokemon move and the onix was soaked by the sprinklers. So it does kinda make sense. However... soak was not introduced until gen 5, so that definitely was not their logic behind it. I can still accept it enough though haha.
        Why so?
            because Dunsparce is goated
    Huh that's true, after bye bye Butterfree he didn't get another Pokemon for a while.

Edit actually no he got Primeape 4 episodes later, gave it away after 3 episodes, then literally the next episode gets Muk. So actually he was at 6 for most of Kanto
        Except that he boxes Muk immediately and only brings it out for the League. Same for Krabby

I always thought Cubone would make a good fit for the last slot on his team
            If the Kanto anime had played more into the plot of the games, the orphan cubone would’ve been a perfect edition, but then getting haunted would’ve been shafted…not that he keeps it for long.
            That randomly OP Cubone that destroys Bulbasaur but then somehow gets taken down by a single electric attack? That one would have been great in the Pokemon League, if only because it transcends normal type advantage rules!
            And then Krabby immediately evolves in when Ash had barely used it
                [deleted]
                    But that fight was proof that he didn’t need to.
        He still doesn't care about Primeape. Or Pidgeot for that matter
        He only used pikachu andthe starters tho
His goal is to become the greatest trainer not the Dex. Honing his skills and battling is way more important than catching shitty bug and normal types lol.
I actually made a post a few days ago about Pokemon Ash's Companions should've gotten and I said Brock should get some fossil Pokemon since he usually gets the Kanto Fossils in certain battles
Was too busy being a sex pest to worry about Pokémon.
Yet people hate Goh for that.

Ive heard so many complaints about Goh just catching and not making a bond with his pokemon.


Which is like... what we do when we catch them all. 
So how can they be upset that Goh is doing the catch them all aspect of the games.
    Also he does have a few recurring Pokemon he bonds with.
        Yea i know he does.

But they ignore that and talk about the rest.

Like... the players dont just catch and only use a main 6.
            I was attempting to reinforce your point
                And he was reinforcing yours :)
    Goh just fucking gave eternatus to Leon right before Leon’s battle with ash in the finals and peaced the hell out.  What a friend
        I'm sorry *what*

Why the hell does Nintendo have such a hardon for Leon, I feel like it's ironic and that he's one of the worst received champions we've had. And now they give him freaking *ETERNATUS*?

Calling it now, Pikachu's just gonna take it down anyways with like, an Iron Tail or something
            I think there are two reasons why Leo is so disliked as a champion by the player base.

Firstly, the smaller reason, his design. It is incredibly bloated with the cape and massive hair and little to no contrast, it is difficult to make out what his shape even is or where to look. Still despite that he looks like just a guy. Which makes him boring. Compare that to other more popular champions like Cynthia, with her blond hair and clean long black dress that flows perfectly into each other. Or Alder (that his name? The Gen 5 guy) who’s red spiky hair, poncho and relaxed body language give off a feeling of an old experience mentor.

Secondly, the bigger reason, constant hype. People have memed just how often characters in game refer to him as “unbeatable and super special”, which rather than build him up as a giant threat just feels annoying. It’s a classic “show don’t tell” violation. Where by constantly repeating what we should think, it feels like someone forces an opinion on us, rather than let us come to our own conclusion.

The simplest way to fix him, in my opinion, would to just stop constantly mentioning him and maybe make it so that during your adventure he becomes the champion. Maybe they could have written that like a “I was retired from fighting, but seeing you shine just made me want to come back and fight you at your best.” Thing that we often see in TV
    To be fair, Pokemon don't exist in our world. I think it would be different if we lived in the Pokemon world itself.
    Which is weird because he features a lot of them in different episodes with their own unique abilities and what not, and often revisits the garden to check on them.
Which is quite ironic, because you literally cannot Catch ‘Em All in any of the new games.
    Forget *catching*, you can't even *have* them all. 

"No, your Pidgey can't come with you, but for a monthly fee we'll take care of it for you~"
        Hey it’s just the day care experience irl, AR method gaming
I remember playing Pokémon silver when I was younger and trying for literal months to find the rainbow wing to get into Tin/Bell tower in Ecruteak only to one day talk to a random NPC in pewter city and get it. I don't think I will ever recreate that feeling of wonder. Or fumbling around in the Whirl Islands trying to get to Lugia.

I think part of the problem is a) there is no challenge or mystery in getting legendaries anymore. You either just get given them, led to them, or they're at the end of a really obvious route. 

But b) even if that was the case, the internet has ruined the mystery of things. Back in the day the only way you heard about things was through rumours or word of mouth, even if it wasn't even true. Nowadays you can just Google anything you're not sure about which whilst I am grateful for definitely loses a bit of the magic.
    I used to go to GameStop and read through the guidebooks in the store if I couldn't figure something out! Those were the days
        Oh fuck, just reading the guide book trying to find the things you needed. That unlocked some memories
        The best memory I have is with Pokemon emerald and sky pillar. For months me and my older brother were looking for it. Then one day we were over at our uncle's place. He was doing a garage sale and this kid was holding a Pokemon emerald guidebook. I was young and didn't know how to use a guidebook at the time. But I did know my older brother would. I asked if he could stay for a minute and the kid said yes. I ran to my older brother. He came with me asked if we could see the book. Kid agrees we locate sky pillar and we go to the 8th gym area when Rayquaza vs groundan and Kyogre scene appears. That was my favorite moment for so long. I stopped playing after emerald
    Absolutely even the legendary birds were extraordinary, I remember the feeling of finally finding zapados and preparing so much to catch him in the power plant. Sigh
What I think is wild is that Gen 1 and 2 had 5 legendaries a pieces with a pseudo legendary set. Then After that we went from anywhere from like 10 legendaries and 2 pseduo sets in RSE to just more and more with each gen it felt.
    I can't fairly judge the 4th Gen because I didn't play, but my issue with the legendaries wasn't necessarily the number of them, but the quality, the backstory. 

One thing I should consider is that back in the day, when the internet wasn't prevalent, most of our deciphering came from word of mouth, friend to friend, cousin to cousin, and this is how we unraveled mysteries. 

I say this because I don't have an issue with the abundance of legendaries in Gen 3 because you had to uncover and work at the lore that entombed them. Kyogre and Groundon dwelled in their deep primal lairs, the Regis were sealed away with "arcane" knowledge. Rayquaza dwelled in the sky, nesting on it's ancient tower. And both Jirachi and Deoxys required something unusual that made them difficult to get at all. 

Difficulty to obtain was the entire joy of it in a way. I do remember being a little kid and wondering long about how to get Celebi in the forest shrine with the GS ball.
        Yeah if my friend didn’t have the RSE guide book I would’ve had no idea the regi’s even existed, they were not easy for 8 year old kids in 2003 to get ahold of
            I will forever cherish my memories of printing out the braille alphabet at the school library so I could take it home and hunt down those regis.
                And that first time you actually get it and it works and you’re like holy shit this nonsense is real
                    The regi methods felt like some school yard "use strength on the truck" level bullshit. But it worked.
                        Relicanth in your party, use strength, etc.

I still have no idea how my mother figured it out. Also the evolving Feebas thing. Feebas is only in 10 squares on this entire route. It needs to be a specific nature so it can eat the most blue (indigo?) pokeblocks to become pretty enough to evolve... da fuq?
                This just unlocked a core memory I had forgotten about. I had a buddy print the braille alphabet out over at his place. He came over and we stayed up all night deciphering braille and trying to catch the Regis. I’m happy to hear I wasn’t the only one who had this amazing experience.
                I remember reading through the booklet in the box, finding the Braille chart at the back, and wondering what in the hell it was for.
        Gen 4 is basically the Pokemon Universe's origin story. 

Arceus created the universe when its egg hatched, Dialga and Palkia controlled time and space and were worshipped by an ancient civilization before traveling to a new universe, Giratina is an entity created from violence and malice that the other 3 banished to an alternate dimension to seal its power, and Uxie, Azelf, and Mesprit were created to share knowledge, wisdom, and willpower. 

Then there are the post-story ones. Heatran and Manaphy are magma and ocean guardians respectively, Phione's basically Manaphy's servant, Cresselia and Darkrai are the guardians of dreams and nightmares respectively, Shaymin's a spirit of gratitude, and Regigigas moved the continents Groudon created and helped ancient people create the Regis before sealing itself in a frozen tundra. 

Also, there are books in Canalave City that basically talk about how Sinnoh believes people evolved from and married Pokemon. (Gen 4 had a habit of rewarding you for looking in odd places that people wouldn't usually focus on)
            What about Bidoof?
                We don't speak of its power, it's not safe.
                Where do you think Arceus' egg came from?
        Damn, I remember being around ten and being the first to find volcarona in my playground. I really felt like fucking Indiana Jones, everyone gave me their ds to catch one for them as well. We live in a rural area where household internet and pcs became common around two or three years later, so I remember buying lots of pokemon magazines to look for secret pokemons, especially for pokemon mystery dungeon explorers of sky where it's tricky to even make some legendaries appear. Good times
    I understand not liking having 2 pseudo sets, but the Lati duo is the only legendaries I can't justify.

Then there's Regigigas which feels like it should be in Gen 3 or not exist at all. I can't justify it being in another Gen as the Regis kinda tie in with the rest of RSE.
Gen 1 and 2 are the only ones that handled legendaries properly. They should not be mandatory, scripted encounters.
I don't know why Deoxys is your example for not being "insane stats go brrr." Until gen 8, his forms made him either the fastest or strongest pokemon ever depending on which you wanted. His attack form is tied for 5th place for fastest pokemon.

If that's not insane stats go brrr, I don't know what is.
    i guess i meant the form change mechanic specifically. being super minmaxed is also a little different from having insane bases across the board though i do get your point.
Volcanion is the most disappointing one for me. I was so excited for the first Water/Fire type, but there is no lore at all outside of Pokedex entries and a movie (that I didn't see). To me it just feels like a less impactful Heatran.
    The movie doesnt even explain why it exists. I dislike that.


Its just rare? Ig?
        That's my gripe with some legendaries. You have really cool legendaries, and then you have Zeraora, Zarude, Heatran and Volcanion who just exist.
            [deleted]
                I miss how those side quests would open up new areas on the map as well! Really felt like you were getting to delve into undiscovered areas and learn more about the regions secrets
        Pokemon movies after Gen 4 just became incomprehensible tbh. 

Like, there's a chance it might've actually explained things, but you could've easily missed it because of all the random *Stuff* going on.
    Volcanion is genuinely one of my favourite mythicals yet it got done so dirty. they literally hinted at it living at the power plant then never followed up and it pissed me off. same with Diancie being similar to the Anistar sundial.
Legendaries being released at gamestop started long before sword and shield. So many early gen events had their key item only obtainable at a GameStop. Sure, you still had to catch them, but GameStop events are not a recent thing.
    Yeah, and let’s not forget that a good chunk of legendaries from older gens can’t be obtained without cheats/glitches anymore due to mystery gift shit in addition to the whole gamestop thing
        I think all Mythicals from Gen 1-4 are now available without Mystery Gift in one way or another. Some require save files from separate games, but it's better than them being locked off to Mystery Gift.
            Someone set up custom servers for wifi mystery gift in gens IV and V so getting all mythicals up to gen V as well as any event that was ever done over wifi is actually pretty easy. 

https://youtu.be/x2dmNCt6WJo

It seems it's still working as of just one month ago.
        Pokemon go fixed this for the most part, a good chunck of mythicals can be obtained legit both shint and regular, and can just semd them to home
            You can't transfer them from Home to SwSh, though (unless you already got one in that game)
    Sometimes you didn't even need to catch them in game. I still have 5 copies each of Shiny Raikou, Entei, and Suicune that I received while sitting in the parking lot at GameStop swapping between gen 4 cartridges. That was 2011, I believe, but there were certainly retailer events prior to that
        Yeah I started with gen 3 and I wasn't really old enough to just go the gamestop events on my own so I've missed basically every event prior to mystery gift events.
I honestly loved Type-Null being a legendary counter, and having an entire section of the game surrounding its lore.
>They lost me when every legendary was released at GameStop or something…

So Gen 3? 

And in Japan, Gen 2?
>Poipol

I thought you were just making a name up but googled it just to make sure... dang.
    The only reason I remember it is because the name is like a weird accent version of the word purple which I find funny
IMO Gen V went overboard with three groups of legendaries. Tornadus, Thundurus, and Landorus really didn’t need to be included in the game and should’ve been introduced later with Enamorus like in Legends Arceus.
    I'm on board with this just so we could have 3 generations of competitive without Lando-T
    Gen 5's legends are associated with the starters.

Starters gen 5 are French Japanese Chinese related.

So the trios are french inspired, japanese inspired, chinese inspired.
        Wait which ones are French? Meloetta?
            Swords of Justice are the Three (then four) Musketeers, which is from a French novel! :)
                Oh I forgot those exist :/
            poor Meloetta got lore in the anime but never in the game. was so disappointed when I played BW and the civilisation from the anime never appeared
        Wow you’re right I never saw that.
            Actually made me appreciate them a lot more
    I think the Forces of Nature are cool conceptually but the designs themselves are just aesthetically horrible (except Thundurus-T, he’s honestly alright looking, but literally everything else sucks). They should have been like living stormclouds in the shapes of humanoids/animals instead of the wrinkly ass old men we got
    Tornadus, Thundurus, and Landorus imo have very interesting lore, Tornadus and Thundurus being Rivals like Groudon and Kyogre but at a lesser scale with Landorus coming in to handle the battle between the two.

I really like Legendary Trios where the three members don't exactly love eachother or acknowledge eachother as equals since it just makes it all the interesting and funny you can put the two rivals in the daycare and they won't wreck havoc at all
There a panel in the adventure manga in the platinum arc with all the legendaries and mythicals (I think only manaphy was missing) it showcase perfectly how gen 4 went overboard with it.
it added another layer of awe for me actually. I love speculative biology and ecology so I was curious as to how a baby Lugia exists, and does that imply every Lugia we see is different, or was this a one off miracle?
[deleted]
    r/FuckMindy
        >r/FuckMindy

There truly is a subreddit for everything
    It took me 12 years to get a gengar and when I finally did it was only because I got fed up with the official games and was playing the romhack Moon Emerald specifically because I could get trade evolutions. Trade evolutions and version exclusives have never been about having fun with friends, its just a way to sell more games.

Wait sorry did I say twelve? I meant TWENTY.

Im pretty sure that in a game series about catching pokemon the players shouldnt have to resort to playing fan made romhacks just to actually do what is supposed to be the MAIN point of the entire series: catch em all.
        Honestly every game should have a character like the move deleter in HG/SS but he will just trade you so you can get you gengar, alakazam  etc.
            Legends Arceus introduced an item the specifically has this function.  It is a crime that it won't be returning in other games.
        Believe it or not, it actually 100% was about having fun with friends based on the creator’s childhood catching bugs with friends.
            Fair. Still a really frustrating feature for someone who never has someone to trade with and there are lots of reasons not to beyond "having no friends". Like simply having friends that dont have pokemon. Or not owning a link cable. My friends played but didnt have a link cable. When gen 4 first came out, I was the only one who got one. I had multiple friends with a nintendo ds but I was the only one with a pokemon game so we played mario kart.
        I agree that trade evolutions should be more accessible, maybe adding the link cable to the BP shop, but trade evolutions and version exclusives were designed to make Pokémon a social game. Like obviously now in the age of the internet (and when Pokémon is the largest media franchise, not just a one-off game by a newish company) version exclusives are a little less “exclusive” because it takes like two minutes to post on a forum and find, but back in the day everyone was talking about their Pokémon because if you didn’t have the dex entry, you’d only know it existed if another trainer had it.

Idk maybe it’s a “you had to be there” moment but I remember when Emerald had just come out and it was just a whole different game pre-DS era. Like my friends and I were astound when we found out the clam evolved into the eel and were excited to trade with each other. I get it’s different now but I don’t think saying trade evos and version differences “have never been about having fun with friends” is fair to the series
        continue wistful soup dull flag automatic tender yoke squealing absorbed

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
That's just the english slogan. It was poorly translated from "Get Pokemon"
And they’ll probably never add that feature to any future games
[deleted]
Could not agree more! Even the Starters, which really surprised me!
That's how every game really should be imo
What's sad is that we'll never see that happen in a mainline game.
    Who knows. I feel like Legends Arceus was partially intended to try out a bunch of different new features to see how people reacted. I'm cautiously optimistic.
        I don’t know. If there’s anything the Pokémon series is known for, it’s introducing features that the fans love (follower Pokémon, super contests, mega evolutions) just to inexplicably drop them the next entry.
            Why did you have to go and remind me of all of that? :(
            Yeah, I miss HMs, Safari Zones, and Secret Bases.
                Secret bases would be awesome with today technology
                    They brought them back in bdsp they just took out 99% of what people liked
        I can respect that attitude. I'm hoping you're right!
    I'm gonna be "that guy" and point out that PLA is a main line game. It's officially recognized as one by the developers, so we already have seen it in a main line game. As such we're quite likely to see it again, even if only in another legends style game
Shaymin ad Darkrai are kinda like version exclusives but yeah all other mons can be gotten without needing anyother game or trading or home
I think Arceus was an example of mythicals done right. You may have needed to have saves from other games, But there was no codes. And both darkrai and shaymin had pleasant little quests to get them. And then all the others had quests too. It was wonderful to see imo.
    Yea, Arceus was a good implementation as well.  I'd rather they be base game but save file restrictions is an acceptable compromise.
        Kinda sucks that they were shiny locked, but so was every other legendary in that game, so it gets a pass...kind of (still irks me a bit).

I definitely would like to see more quests like that. I really don't like just being handed Mythicals because of some arbitrary "you were playing the game at X place or X time". I want the chance to earn them.
I think dual versions should still exist, but they should be more justified. Like, picking a version isn't just "forced trading" or anything, as much as that drawback does suck. I think it's better described as like, a way for players to express themselves? Does one appeal to you more than the other? Red or blue? This legendary or the other? Etc.


But if you leave it at just the boxart legendary, what's the point?
    That I could go along with.  If there were actually substantial differences I would be more open to dual versions.  But so far no pairs of games have had any differences that you couldn't replicate the same effect in one game with some creative mechanics.  They even proved they can replicate the boxart choice in a single version in Legends Arceus and the Latias/Latios choice in Emerald.  The only difference I can see not being replicable are the different areas in Gen 5 and that wasn't used enough to justify.

I say that the GTS should have killed the 2 versions as they are implemented and that it's just greed that keeps them around.
        I'd say Scarlet and Violet are definitely introducing more Version Exclusive Variety, what with the Professors, Main Hub Aesthetics (School Colours), and even thematics (Scarlet = Past, Violet = Future)
            Black and white already did the future/past thing, I’m hoping scarlet and violet do more with that concept. The different professors is a good start.
        Fire Emblem Fates did the concept of two versions really well, I think a lot of ideas could be pulled from there.
I love the dynamax adventures.
It gave me a fun good coop experience with friends.

I’ll miss it
    I very much enjoy the regular dynamax adventures, sure it had some faults but overall it was a fun way to add coop and a way to mix up shiny hunting. I am hopeful for some of the possibilities for coop play in SV.
You are exactly right. Wish I could say the same about New and Deoxys in Gen 3 but those distributions were literally never made (another reason not to have mythicals be exclusive to event distributions!)
Plus, it was a WiFi event, meaning you didn't have to worry about having the right store nearby, or your store getting passed up even if you did have one. It was the first mythical I was able to get for that reason.
I’m playing X for the first time right now. I have 93 pokemon caught so far and I’m not even at the *second* gym
    I had I believe 237 by the champion in my last playthrough Pokémon x is by far my favorite Pokémon game
    Blazeblack and Voltwhite ruined the normal games for me
        Rom hacks and fan games in general ruined normal games for me. You get one hit of the “better game design” drug and you can’t go back
            Yeah. Drayano should’ve been hired by Game Freak a long time ago.
X/Y had the perfect size Pokédex and it’s sad they’ve all been smaller since.
It’d go further to say that Pokemon Super Mystery Dungeon (the gen 6 equivalent) is an example of what mainline pokemon could’ve looked like if it lived up to its full potential.


* Every pokemon in existence (at the time) was obtainable in this one game (the only exception is that Hoopa specifically will always be a “visitor” in your party and not a playable character). 



* Every major character returns from the previous games. While you can only recurit one of each pokemon, it is canonized that all these pokemon are the same characters you saw in the previous games. The Wigglytuff you meet is the same from Explorers. The rayquaza you see is the same from Rescue Team / Rescue team dx. The list goes on and they all have unique dialogue that makes it apparent.




* Instead of being locked to one region, there is a liner service that lets you travel to other continents and explore different portions of the world. You can pretty much revisit old places featured in other games (treasure town, shaymin village, poster town and pokemon square cannot be visited, but their existence is referenced). 


* Gameplay was greatly optimized and improved. Many of the improvements it brought were included in Rescue Team DX on the switch.


* The story is really good. Admittedly it doesn’t execute some portions as well as it could have, but it is significantly better than the main games. I know somebody will say “bUt iTs NoT As GoOd As ExPlOrErS oF sKy,” but it doesn’t have to be a flawless masterpiece to be enjoyable. The very end of the main story & epilogue is somewhat lackluster but very much subversive for long time fans (though, I’d love to see this improved in a remake one day).
I think alot has to do with how routes are set up. They do feel strategically set up with more unattractive pokemon being more easily obtainable than the "cool" ones. And when its easy to get an attractive one early in the game, everyone does it. Like if you thought Altaria, Salamence, Flygon were cool back in the day, you most likely stopped giving a fuck once you found out you could get Trapinch early and ur team naturally molded to the point where you could care less about running into Swablu/Shelgon at like the 7th gym lmao
Because the games are so easy, there's no need to ever strategize or change up your team. You can just steamroll with 6 attackers with decent type coverage. It would be great if it was challenging enough to make you consider adding walls or terrain damage in single player.
    I feel attacked, that's my playing strategy, and I don't want for it to not be viable. Playing that way brings me joy.
        Which is why difficulty levels make too much sense
I actually haven't had fun with the catching mechanic since the well-done, rewarding rare spawns in Sapphire like Skitty, Slakoth, and Shroomish...

PLA doesn't interest me in the slightest with such a focus on it, but I'd love to experience it better in a newer Scarlet & Violet. I say it every time, but finally maybe a good pokemon game again?  *cries in memory of gen 5*  (I thought gen 5 was the worst so far when it came out too, but still enjoyed it, but I'd take ten gen 5's over one Gen 6, 7, or 8)
Regional variants are what Megas should really have been if I'm honest.
    That and actual new evolutions for some pokemon that literally don't have an evolution but do have a mega
[deleted]
It's actually BECAUSE of Gen 2 that Gen 3 has very few old mons in it (early on). Game Freak also did not like how Gen 2 turned out.
    > Game Freak also did not like how Gen 2 turned out.

Really? Any chance you have a reference for that?
        There isn't one. To my knowledge they've never said that and if they had, HGSS would not have turned out the way they did.
Thats also why many fans completely forget that some pokemon like skamory are gen2 not gen3. They're so late in the game that they are often overlooked because your team is already made
For many years, I thought houndoom was gen 3, because I don't recall seeing one until then.
It doesn't help that most Gen VII Pokemon are not only limited to a few areas, but had outright abysmal encounter rates in SM.
I hope they keep that feature for all future games. I couldn't use trade evolutions as a kid, and even now I have to find and trust a random stranger on the internet to help me if I want to evolve one.
I'm replaying White2 lately and caught an Elekid thinking "Oh shit, this way I can make him evolve into an Electivire", which has always been one of my favourites electric type

Fortunatley I cecked on Bulbapedia first, but man :(
It’s fun to just breed and raise Pokémon with perfect IVs and EVs that are outclassed horribly in Smogon tiers but so much fun to just wreck in single player. 

Arcanine go brrrrrrr
For me it's incredible stupid when the literal elite 4 only have 5 Pokémon on their team. I remember that being the case in sword and shield. The champion was the only person in the whole game to have a full team
    There has never been a pokemon game where the elite 4 have had full teams. It's pretty much always been 5 pokemon each except for gens 5 and 6 where they had 4 pokemon each
This is why I am a huge advocate for a difficulty setting. Let the players have the experience they want.
I don't think its too controversial to say that Let's Go is the best kanto.  
The casual play, the overworld encounters, the addition of megas, the shiny hunting, the riding pokemon, the regional forms, the 2 player mode, the ability to play with one hand, the ability to get all 3 starters, the connections to pokemon go, and the best artstyle across all the series (at least the 3d games).  


I'm very glad people are routing for a Let's Go Johto so that we'd be able enjoy them in their best form.
The nice thing about dual types is you can at least protect yourself against electric using a water/ground type like Gastrodon. Can't think of a good counter for grass rn though
    Tentacruel maybe?
    Water-flying because it synergies very well with water-ground because most AI will use electric moves against the water-flying which gives a free switch in with the water-ground. It's only neutral against grass but I don't think you could do better.
That doesn’t sound very satisfying tbh. Some of us enjoy having to strategize.
I dont understand this mentality. You can beat Dark Souls using only a broken ladle, or beat Super Mario without picking up power-ups, or pay off you debt in Animal Crossing by only selling grass and twigs. You can impose arbitrary restrictions on yourself in any game to make it more interesting, challenging, and (hopefully) fun, but that shouldn't justify the game itself lacking any amount of difficulty. I understand and agree with the appeal of playing with a non-optimal team, but I dont understand how you can say that victory is satisfying when the game is so easy that even when playing monotype or something, you still aren't actually challenged.

I know that the issue with pokemon is that the games struggle with negotiating the dissonance between the "digital petting zoo" side of things and the "JRPG that culminates in beating up Al Capone and capturing God" side, which is why I specifically mentioned both Dark Souls and Animal Crossing. One is specifically meant to be very challenging, and one is specifically meant to be very casual, but Pokemon tries to do both (sort of).

I dont mean to sound like I'm judging or telling you how to enjoy your games, it's just that your comment seemed almost oxymoronic from my perspective.
>I just wish there was a switch that let you turn it to hard mode at the beginning

And that's all there needs to be.  A way to toggle the difficulty and have it not require you to finish the story first.
This is how me and my friends view it. Don't get me wrong, I still absolutely adore Pokémon, but I just wish there were difficulty options at the very least because let's be real, the games are easy. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, not at all, but a simple difficulty option with scaling levels and better AI surely can't be that much of an issue to add.

Like you pointed out Pokémon is by far the biggest franchise, it's a shame that they aren't a bit more adventurous with them.
Yep I was about to comment the same thing. I don’t have a problem with an easy game but I’d like *some* amount of challenge because otherwise I just streamroll through the whole game spamming A to beat a trainer with 5 Magikarps.

There has to be a middle ground between a hard mode and the mind numbing easiness we have now.
Z moves seem cool until you watch the animation for twinkle tackle of Xerneas
    Twinkle Tackle doesn't look good on any Pokemon, really.
        Twinkle Tackle is silly on purpose, because Fairy.

But Tectonic Rage kicks the ass of any Max move.
This is my problem. I liked the mega evolutions. they were new twists on old pokemon and required you to use them strategically. 

and we get crap like gigamax now? I guess all that time they spent on those models is completely wasted.
IMO the worst thing about HGSS is that it gold/silver weren't very good games to begin with.
    Yeah, I hate how they never fixed johto's atrocious problem that being there's not much ways to have a mostly johto pokemon team, and the cool new evolution Pokemon introduced in gen 4 were barely usable here because you just can't meet the requirements in some ways (like how you can't find a shiny stone for togekiss).


HGSS added, uhh following pokemon, much better looks and that pretty much it
        >HGSS added

Gym leader rematches in the Saffron City Dojo, and... Yeah you got me there. I might be biased lol
    The Kanto side is honestly just bad in both games. It's a wow moment for sure but after the excitement stops you realise it's a dead empty region with not much to do
I liked how they were done in HGSS with the olympics style thing, but also like classic contests from RSE. Wish there was room for both.
I didn't like how the contests work in-game. I liked how they worked in the show. I wouldn't mind a spin-off game with contests closer to the anime.
The pokemon you give villagers actually retain all their characteristics too! If you gave someone a small Wurmple, they'll have a small Dustox later. If you gave someone a shiny alpha Geodude, later they'll have a shiny alpha Golem.
    iirc only the wurmple evolves, the rest of the mons are static since you can swap most of them with something else from your box. But your right in them retaining their characteristics in the overworld
I think the Pokémon ranger games are seriously underrated. I played the shit out of the first one and the world feels so alive and just so like what a Pokémon world would be like.

That and mystery dungeon especially are arguably as good if not better than the main series games.
I loved it too. And it seemed like a prototype for Scarlet/Violet and the new games seem like a Sword/Shield/Legends Arceus hybrid. 

Also hot take, I think Sword and Shield did more things right than wrong. And I got a lottt of post game hours doing raids and post game content. Probably more than I have with most pokemon games. On gameboy you typically had maybe 5-10hrs of stuff to do after pokemon league, sw/sh was almost endless.
One could argue blue did it because he lost to red
Admittedly it would be ideal to let the games function like Showdown and let you modify your Pokémon for the Battle Tower/Frontier and Competitive at will. So your counter suggestion would achieve the same result. I just don’t know if GameFreak would be willing to finally give up the ghost and just lay out the system like that rather than continuing to hide behind the veneer they’ve created. 

They’ve become a lot friendlier to competitive Pokémon modification in-game by allowing nature changes, IV manipulation, and even items that unlock the hidden ability of a Pokémon. But they still insist on hiding the whole thing behind the dedicated grind. My suggestion was primarily to give them an out so they could truthfully maintain that “all Pokémon are special” while also truthfully maintaining that “all Pokémon have potential for greatness” without having to pop the hood and show off the engine.
Omg yes. Please give us the option to disable. It’s good during the main story but during post game I like to keep a Pokémon around level 20-30 as my fodder Pokémon to catch weaker Pokémon.

I hate that it gets leveled up against my wishes.
    I feel your pain friend. I bred myself a scrappy ability pangoro with false swipe in shield.

He is my low level catcher now and I love him. He can even punch ghosts which is hilarious.
BDSP are honestly the worst mainline Pokemon games, or at least the worst remakes. They're quite literally a copy-paste of the originals, to the point that the same typos and even the same glitches are still in. But of course, what they DID add to the games was done without balancing the rest of the game around it. It's awful.
    Drizzle pelliper was ridiculously broken
I basically stopped playing that game because I got so over leveled out wasn't fun anymore. 

Super frustrating to play through, I basically just need to remake a team and use that for a while so my main team doesn't ohko everything
Exactly, I don't get why people don't want a switch. I keep the exp on since I love catching multiple pokemon and having them all around the same level so I can rotate my team, but if someone wants to have the exp off let them!!
    Right. No one* was griping about it in Gen 6 or 7 when Exp Share was on by default. You could always turn it off and there were folks who did (hi, I'm one of them). The complaining about Exp Share largely started with Gen 8 when they took the option to turn it off away. There was no need to do that.

*There will always be a few who complain about anything. You know what I mean so no need to try to correct.
        Also, I'm pretty sure no one cares about EXP sharing being forced in Legends Arceus, because the game was balanced around you catching lots of Pokémon and cycling your team to complete their quests, so in order to have any team members at a reasonable level EXP sharing was practically a necessity

Unfortunately, SwSh wasn't like that
    That and you have to like avoid battles to avoid being overleveled with EXP share. The games aren’t balanced around EXP share.
I'm pretty sure that's what it was like when it was introduced in X/Y, no idea why they removed it
I’m guessing some people skip trainers and are then under leveled? I have no idea honestly.
    I've fought like 90% of the trainers the the game (Which you know, is the gameplay) and have never been underleveled minus sometimes at the Elite 4.
Uh heartgold and soulsilver are very grindy. Not a single time I’ve fought the gym leaders within 3 levels of their highest level mons. And that’s after grinding to put the party within 5 levels so they wouldn’t get knocked out in one hit.
Having a massive difficulty spike is bad game design. It feels like people praise Ultra Necrozma for being so brutally difficult, when to me it felt like I simply couldn't beat it unless I cheesed it.
> SwSh is just mind numbingly easy

Oh, I agree, I remember most of the gym leaders being basically Dynamax -> use super effective max move 3 times.  But I think that SwSh is a bit of an outlier difficulty wise.  Both S/M games as well as BDSP had challenging fights.  I guess we'll see with Scarlet and Violet.
    You didn't even need to dynamax tbh
Never failed a battle in SwSh. The series needs to have adaptive difficulty, the stronger you are the harder the battles.
    Or just a difficulty setting. They’ve literally done it before.
Yep.  And its also got the totem Pokemon which get buffs, z-moves, and can 2v1 you.  And ultra Necrozma, which can easily out-speed and 1 shot your entire team if you're not prepared for it.
They have never been really bad. There's nothing villainous about their version of the Team Rocket..motto/poem thing.
    I mean there is the “to denounce the evils of truth and love” part…
        That's just them justifying lying to themselves on a daily basis
Joltik, a tini tiny spider, has an attack of 47, onix A SNAKE MADE OF BOULDERS has an attack of 45???? Cotton Candy swrilix has 48. AND A FREAKING BALOON is stronger. Yeah sure, it doesn't have to be quick, nor a special defence tank. But at least make his attack strong. 

And even an elite four has it... Twice
It’s a signature Pokémon of at least one gym leader, it should be better.
    The fact that it's the signature pokemon of the first gym leader is almost certainly the reason it's not better. They needed a scary-looking pokemon that's actually beatable even if you don't really understand what you're doing yet.
There's the aging thing and there's the fact that evidently he's traveled 8 regions in full in under a year. Seems to me that logically it would have taken at least a couple years but this is the anime we're talking about... I dropped off in the Adv season. Thunder armour killed it for me.
    We got official word on the whole "Ash never ages" thing. They want the anime to have the feeling of an "endless summer", so they point-blank refuse to have Ash grow up, either physically or mentally. (Read: they found a winning formula and don't want to change it.)
Yeah, then we can have Brendan and Lucas lose their Leagues instead.
Yeah, i liked Ash in Kanto and Johto, in Battle Frontier too, at those times he did have a good development. They should have retired him at that time
Even hotter take: earlier gens like gen 1 difficulty came from terrible design decisions and lack of polish rather then actually making it a hard.
These are the coldest takes I've ever seen.  People repeat exactly what you're saying on this sub literally every single day.
I was so disappointed when I replayed that one REALLY HARD rival battle in R/S/E. As an adult, I got through it first try.

It was never a hard battle, I was just trying to defeat a wailmer and a marshtomp with a single fire type Pokemon.
I don't hate it, I'm just bored of seeing it.
Disagree if we're talking about the Ultra versions.


Like, why did it change the story? It didn't add onto it, it just outright made unnecessary, seemingly random changes for no reason, when SuMo's story was already praised.


Even if you like UsUm's story better, you can't deny that it's at odds with the original SuMo because of this. It has all these improvements, yet due to the story, it's impossible to call the "definitive" versions of gen 7.
Very much disagree, Ultra removed and retconned Pokémon's absolute top tier evil villain and made her just a victim.
They did yeah, but it was strictly a name thing, a loose relation, which is what I’m getting at. Hitmonchan is a boxing Pokémon which isnt what Jackie Chan is know for, the only relation is Chan at the end of the name. Same goes for Hitmonlee. 

I agree they did the same thing back then, but they didn’t just carbon copy real things, they had their own inspiration, and just paid homage to figures rather than design them as the figures.
Man if this is a scolding take of Johto I'd hate to hear your opinion on sword and shield haha.
And the 2 regions within one game. And the 16 gym leaders. And the Battle Frontier. They're beloved because they offered so much more than any Pokemon game before or since. The two regions really gave it a sense of adventure as well.

&#x200B;

Edit: they also gave us the triathlon! I played the hell out of those games with my juiced-up mons.
    I don’t think they have more features than Platinum just to pull a name out. The second region and gym leaders 9-16 are not even an obstacle by the time you get to them. HGSS still have all the flaws of GSC, but with a coat of paint on it. Plus you’re missing out on all the new features/QOL additions from newer games, including all the new pokemon. 

And this might be a controversial opinion too, but Pokemon games (except PLA) haven’t had a sense of adventure in a loooooong time. Linear maps combined with how prevalent internet guides and stuff are means that there is basically no exploration.
Alright there Lt Surge
success does not always translate to quality, just look at SwSh base game without the DLCs, it's just *bad*. And don't tell me that it should be normalised paying double the price of a AAA game to get the "full" intended game with the rest of the DLCs
they did say controversial lol. No shade towards anyone. This franchise is huge and i definitely know that most people dont share my opinions.
    I think you hit the nail on the head with no bad designs
I could not agree with you more. I normally don't dislike a Pokemon just because it looks "ugly", but Jynx is the lone exception
Yep. And conflate "I don't like this design" with "this is a bad design".

Something like Bruxish for example is so distinct and unique and is a better design than something boring like Remoraid by a mile. But people want more fish that just look like regular fish, I guess.
The story is ass backwards. "BANG oh man there must be something crazy interesting happening over there... but don't you worry about it, you continue on your linear nonsensical quest"
    I know exactly which scene you're referring to, and it made me want to punch Leon in the throat.
    I still can't get over the mindfuckingly dumb series of events that was Rose Tower and its immediate aftermath. It's almost obvious that there was a *need* for the usual villainous team base intrusion, but they just couldn't figure out how to fit it into the story without half of the cast acting brainead.

That, and the horrifying smiles of the Macro Cosmos staff are forever seared into my retinas.
The rookidee corvisquire and corviknight bird thingie is my favorite of all the pidgey remakes
I think it's based on the fact base games are usually trash, not just modern ones, but in general, Black and White were the closest to passable of the base games. So essentially the mindset is, having a third game allows each region to truly shine whereas DLC takes attention away from the main region while increasing the longterm cost of fully experiencing a region and decreasing the potential for revisiting in the future. In 10 years, SwSh probably won't see the growth in value other games have specifically because there will be little desire to play them, especially knowing you already need to pay more to fully experience it. I know personally, as a kid I had to "upgrade"(sell your current one to get the newest, whether its a new generation or third version) my games and save up to eventually rebuy them later on. I definitely would not have done that with SwSh specifically because it's essentially a $90 game(if I want the full experience) with a resell value based on the $60 base game.
    I sure hope ShSw won’t increase in value. Don’t need another pricing bubble.

Either way, I get your point about rather expanding a region instead of adding extra parts to them, though this can also easily be done with DLC.
Shame he didn't evolve his Scraggy and Palpitoad
    it’s a shame he didn’t evolve anything of value on b&w
        how dare you insult Krookodile
        That's Ash in general for you, because it seemed like he always gave away, or 'released' his fully evolved pokèmon.
            I hated this as a kid, and was blasted on a forum for bashing him about it. You put forth all this effort to raise a Charizard (a wildly popular starter Pokemon, no less, *writers*) and he just... gives this cool ass, powerful team member away?
                Although I wasn't thrilled with the thought of ash releasing strong pokemon, I could respect that he had in mind what his pokemon wanted, rather than what he wanted. Although I think it would be better for him if he just stuck to only catching pokemon which are only interested in battling, not in looking for a partner to start a family, that way all the effort he puts in making his pokemon stronger would pay off. As for Charizard, it's not like Ash can't call him each time he needs it, it's just that ash understood that he wasn't the most suited to develop Charizard 's full potential, and instead he left it in the hands of specialists.
        Krookidile?
No desire to watch black and white but I thought it was cool he caught about 10 Pokemon and swapped them out like you said. I would honestly watch the upcoming new series if ash used some of his older Pokémon instead of just catching new ones
    That's usually what I would do after the shinnoh series (I lost interest in the anime because they got rid of Brock) Ash's Charizard vs Iris's Dragonite from bw series was a pretty kino mini arc
        I check up from time to time on serebii out of curiosity to see what ash is up to. I also watch some gym and championship battles on YouTube. This recent series battles are wild tho. Ash vs Cynthia was nutty. You might like iris vs Cynthia
            I like they actually let him win in alolah but I can't get past the art style it is very unappealing to me and seems like a lazy downgrade
                I enjoyed the art just for the sake of the region being more chill
                I think it had something to do with Yo-kai Watch getting super popular in Japan for awhile there. It's been a minute since I've heard anything about the series.
He needed a brain though

“Hmm, big gym battle-3v3. Nah, plapitoad will be enough”

Pikachu got angry
Same with Kalos. His team was Pikachu, Greninja, Noivern, Hawlucha, and Talonflame all the way up until the Kalos League matches became 6 on 6 and he was forced to be reunited with Goodra. Still wish he would have caught that Dunsparce cause that would have been amazing.
    Teams that get 6-0d by Ice Beam
        Didn't know Ash did a flying type only run (with a few exceptions obviously) for Kalos lol
            They were trying to push Sky Battles. Yeah that didn't pan out.
    You’d think in the Gen they introduced fairy types, Ash would A) HAVE a fairy type, and B) Have fewer Pokémon that are weak to fairy.
        We're talking about an anime that has pikachu thunderbolt an Onix its first gym battle

And win
            Plot armor so thick it destroys the type chart.
            I mean tbf, "Soak" is a pokemon move and the onix was soaked by the sprinklers. So it does kinda make sense. However... soak was not introduced until gen 5, so that definitely was not their logic behind it. I can still accept it enough though haha.
    Why so?
        because Dunsparce is goated
Huh that's true, after bye bye Butterfree he didn't get another Pokemon for a while.

Edit actually no he got Primeape 4 episodes later, gave it away after 3 episodes, then literally the next episode gets Muk. So actually he was at 6 for most of Kanto
    Except that he boxes Muk immediately and only brings it out for the League. Same for Krabby

I always thought Cubone would make a good fit for the last slot on his team
        If the Kanto anime had played more into the plot of the games, the orphan cubone would’ve been a perfect edition, but then getting haunted would’ve been shafted…not that he keeps it for long.
        That randomly OP Cubone that destroys Bulbasaur but then somehow gets taken down by a single electric attack? That one would have been great in the Pokemon League, if only because it transcends normal type advantage rules!
        And then Krabby immediately evolves in when Ash had barely used it
            [deleted]
                But that fight was proof that he didn’t need to.
    He still doesn't care about Primeape. Or Pidgeot for that matter
    He only used pikachu andthe starters tho
Also he does have a few recurring Pokemon he bonds with.
    Yea i know he does.

But they ignore that and talk about the rest.

Like... the players dont just catch and only use a main 6.
        I was attempting to reinforce your point
            And he was reinforcing yours :)
Goh just fucking gave eternatus to Leon right before Leon’s battle with ash in the finals and peaced the hell out.  What a friend
    I'm sorry *what*

Why the hell does Nintendo have such a hardon for Leon, I feel like it's ironic and that he's one of the worst received champions we've had. And now they give him freaking *ETERNATUS*?

Calling it now, Pikachu's just gonna take it down anyways with like, an Iron Tail or something
        I think there are two reasons why Leo is so disliked as a champion by the player base.

Firstly, the smaller reason, his design. It is incredibly bloated with the cape and massive hair and little to no contrast, it is difficult to make out what his shape even is or where to look. Still despite that he looks like just a guy. Which makes him boring. Compare that to other more popular champions like Cynthia, with her blond hair and clean long black dress that flows perfectly into each other. Or Alder (that his name? The Gen 5 guy) who’s red spiky hair, poncho and relaxed body language give off a feeling of an old experience mentor.

Secondly, the bigger reason, constant hype. People have memed just how often characters in game refer to him as “unbeatable and super special”, which rather than build him up as a giant threat just feels annoying. It’s a classic “show don’t tell” violation. Where by constantly repeating what we should think, it feels like someone forces an opinion on us, rather than let us come to our own conclusion.

The simplest way to fix him, in my opinion, would to just stop constantly mentioning him and maybe make it so that during your adventure he becomes the champion. Maybe they could have written that like a “I was retired from fighting, but seeing you shine just made me want to come back and fight you at your best.” Thing that we often see in TV
To be fair, Pokemon don't exist in our world. I think it would be different if we lived in the Pokemon world itself.
Which is weird because he features a lot of them in different episodes with their own unique abilities and what not, and often revisits the garden to check on them.
Forget *catching*, you can't even *have* them all. 

"No, your Pidgey can't come with you, but for a monthly fee we'll take care of it for you~"
    Hey it’s just the day care experience irl, AR method gaming
I used to go to GameStop and read through the guidebooks in the store if I couldn't figure something out! Those were the days
    Oh fuck, just reading the guide book trying to find the things you needed. That unlocked some memories
    The best memory I have is with Pokemon emerald and sky pillar. For months me and my older brother were looking for it. Then one day we were over at our uncle's place. He was doing a garage sale and this kid was holding a Pokemon emerald guidebook. I was young and didn't know how to use a guidebook at the time. But I did know my older brother would. I asked if he could stay for a minute and the kid said yes. I ran to my older brother. He came with me asked if we could see the book. Kid agrees we locate sky pillar and we go to the 8th gym area when Rayquaza vs groundan and Kyogre scene appears. That was my favorite moment for so long. I stopped playing after emerald
Absolutely even the legendary birds were extraordinary, I remember the feeling of finally finding zapados and preparing so much to catch him in the power plant. Sigh
I can't fairly judge the 4th Gen because I didn't play, but my issue with the legendaries wasn't necessarily the number of them, but the quality, the backstory. 

One thing I should consider is that back in the day, when the internet wasn't prevalent, most of our deciphering came from word of mouth, friend to friend, cousin to cousin, and this is how we unraveled mysteries. 

I say this because I don't have an issue with the abundance of legendaries in Gen 3 because you had to uncover and work at the lore that entombed them. Kyogre and Groundon dwelled in their deep primal lairs, the Regis were sealed away with "arcane" knowledge. Rayquaza dwelled in the sky, nesting on it's ancient tower. And both Jirachi and Deoxys required something unusual that made them difficult to get at all. 

Difficulty to obtain was the entire joy of it in a way. I do remember being a little kid and wondering long about how to get Celebi in the forest shrine with the GS ball.
    Yeah if my friend didn’t have the RSE guide book I would’ve had no idea the regi’s even existed, they were not easy for 8 year old kids in 2003 to get ahold of
        I will forever cherish my memories of printing out the braille alphabet at the school library so I could take it home and hunt down those regis.
            And that first time you actually get it and it works and you’re like holy shit this nonsense is real
                The regi methods felt like some school yard "use strength on the truck" level bullshit. But it worked.
                    Relicanth in your party, use strength, etc.

I still have no idea how my mother figured it out. Also the evolving Feebas thing. Feebas is only in 10 squares on this entire route. It needs to be a specific nature so it can eat the most blue (indigo?) pokeblocks to become pretty enough to evolve... da fuq?
            This just unlocked a core memory I had forgotten about. I had a buddy print the braille alphabet out over at his place. He came over and we stayed up all night deciphering braille and trying to catch the Regis. I’m happy to hear I wasn’t the only one who had this amazing experience.
            I remember reading through the booklet in the box, finding the Braille chart at the back, and wondering what in the hell it was for.
    Gen 4 is basically the Pokemon Universe's origin story. 

Arceus created the universe when its egg hatched, Dialga and Palkia controlled time and space and were worshipped by an ancient civilization before traveling to a new universe, Giratina is an entity created from violence and malice that the other 3 banished to an alternate dimension to seal its power, and Uxie, Azelf, and Mesprit were created to share knowledge, wisdom, and willpower. 

Then there are the post-story ones. Heatran and Manaphy are magma and ocean guardians respectively, Phione's basically Manaphy's servant, Cresselia and Darkrai are the guardians of dreams and nightmares respectively, Shaymin's a spirit of gratitude, and Regigigas moved the continents Groudon created and helped ancient people create the Regis before sealing itself in a frozen tundra. 

Also, there are books in Canalave City that basically talk about how Sinnoh believes people evolved from and married Pokemon. (Gen 4 had a habit of rewarding you for looking in odd places that people wouldn't usually focus on)
        What about Bidoof?
            We don't speak of its power, it's not safe.
            Where do you think Arceus' egg came from?
    Damn, I remember being around ten and being the first to find volcarona in my playground. I really felt like fucking Indiana Jones, everyone gave me their ds to catch one for them as well. We live in a rural area where household internet and pcs became common around two or three years later, so I remember buying lots of pokemon magazines to look for secret pokemons, especially for pokemon mystery dungeon explorers of sky where it's tricky to even make some legendaries appear. Good times
I understand not liking having 2 pseudo sets, but the Lati duo is the only legendaries I can't justify.

Then there's Regigigas which feels like it should be in Gen 3 or not exist at all. I can't justify it being in another Gen as the Regis kinda tie in with the rest of RSE.
i guess i meant the form change mechanic specifically. being super minmaxed is also a little different from having insane bases across the board though i do get your point.
The movie doesnt even explain why it exists. I dislike that.


Its just rare? Ig?
    That's my gripe with some legendaries. You have really cool legendaries, and then you have Zeraora, Zarude, Heatran and Volcanion who just exist.
        [deleted]
            I miss how those side quests would open up new areas on the map as well! Really felt like you were getting to delve into undiscovered areas and learn more about the regions secrets
    Pokemon movies after Gen 4 just became incomprehensible tbh. 

Like, there's a chance it might've actually explained things, but you could've easily missed it because of all the random *Stuff* going on.
Volcanion is genuinely one of my favourite mythicals yet it got done so dirty. they literally hinted at it living at the power plant then never followed up and it pissed me off. same with Diancie being similar to the Anistar sundial.
Yeah, and let’s not forget that a good chunk of legendaries from older gens can’t be obtained without cheats/glitches anymore due to mystery gift shit in addition to the whole gamestop thing
    I think all Mythicals from Gen 1-4 are now available without Mystery Gift in one way or another. Some require save files from separate games, but it's better than them being locked off to Mystery Gift.
        Someone set up custom servers for wifi mystery gift in gens IV and V so getting all mythicals up to gen V as well as any event that was ever done over wifi is actually pretty easy. 

https://youtu.be/x2dmNCt6WJo

It seems it's still working as of just one month ago.
    Pokemon go fixed this for the most part, a good chunck of mythicals can be obtained legit both shint and regular, and can just semd them to home
        You can't transfer them from Home to SwSh, though (unless you already got one in that game)
Sometimes you didn't even need to catch them in game. I still have 5 copies each of Shiny Raikou, Entei, and Suicune that I received while sitting in the parking lot at GameStop swapping between gen 4 cartridges. That was 2011, I believe, but there were certainly retailer events prior to that
    Yeah I started with gen 3 and I wasn't really old enough to just go the gamestop events on my own so I've missed basically every event prior to mystery gift events.
The only reason I remember it is because the name is like a weird accent version of the word purple which I find funny
I'm on board with this just so we could have 3 generations of competitive without Lando-T
Gen 5's legends are associated with the starters.

Starters gen 5 are French Japanese Chinese related.

So the trios are french inspired, japanese inspired, chinese inspired.
    Wait which ones are French? Meloetta?
        Swords of Justice are the Three (then four) Musketeers, which is from a French novel! :)
            Oh I forgot those exist :/
        poor Meloetta got lore in the anime but never in the game. was so disappointed when I played BW and the civilisation from the anime never appeared
    Wow you’re right I never saw that.
        Actually made me appreciate them a lot more
I think the Forces of Nature are cool conceptually but the designs themselves are just aesthetically horrible (except Thundurus-T, he’s honestly alright looking, but literally everything else sucks). They should have been like living stormclouds in the shapes of humanoids/animals instead of the wrinkly ass old men we got
Tornadus, Thundurus, and Landorus imo have very interesting lore, Tornadus and Thundurus being Rivals like Groudon and Kyogre but at a lesser scale with Landorus coming in to handle the battle between the two.

I really like Legendary Trios where the three members don't exactly love eachother or acknowledge eachother as equals since it just makes it all the interesting and funny you can put the two rivals in the daycare and they won't wreck havoc at all
r/FuckMindy
    >r/FuckMindy

There truly is a subreddit for everything
It took me 12 years to get a gengar and when I finally did it was only because I got fed up with the official games and was playing the romhack Moon Emerald specifically because I could get trade evolutions. Trade evolutions and version exclusives have never been about having fun with friends, its just a way to sell more games.

Wait sorry did I say twelve? I meant TWENTY.

Im pretty sure that in a game series about catching pokemon the players shouldnt have to resort to playing fan made romhacks just to actually do what is supposed to be the MAIN point of the entire series: catch em all.
    Honestly every game should have a character like the move deleter in HG/SS but he will just trade you so you can get you gengar, alakazam  etc.
        Legends Arceus introduced an item the specifically has this function.  It is a crime that it won't be returning in other games.
    Believe it or not, it actually 100% was about having fun with friends based on the creator’s childhood catching bugs with friends.
        Fair. Still a really frustrating feature for someone who never has someone to trade with and there are lots of reasons not to beyond "having no friends". Like simply having friends that dont have pokemon. Or not owning a link cable. My friends played but didnt have a link cable. When gen 4 first came out, I was the only one who got one. I had multiple friends with a nintendo ds but I was the only one with a pokemon game so we played mario kart.
    I agree that trade evolutions should be more accessible, maybe adding the link cable to the BP shop, but trade evolutions and version exclusives were designed to make Pokémon a social game. Like obviously now in the age of the internet (and when Pokémon is the largest media franchise, not just a one-off game by a newish company) version exclusives are a little less “exclusive” because it takes like two minutes to post on a forum and find, but back in the day everyone was talking about their Pokémon because if you didn’t have the dex entry, you’d only know it existed if another trainer had it.

Idk maybe it’s a “you had to be there” moment but I remember when Emerald had just come out and it was just a whole different game pre-DS era. Like my friends and I were astound when we found out the clam evolved into the eel and were excited to trade with each other. I get it’s different now but I don’t think saying trade evos and version differences “have never been about having fun with friends” is fair to the series
    continue wistful soup dull flag automatic tender yoke squealing absorbed

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
Who knows. I feel like Legends Arceus was partially intended to try out a bunch of different new features to see how people reacted. I'm cautiously optimistic.
    I don’t know. If there’s anything the Pokémon series is known for, it’s introducing features that the fans love (follower Pokémon, super contests, mega evolutions) just to inexplicably drop them the next entry.
        Why did you have to go and remind me of all of that? :(
        Yeah, I miss HMs, Safari Zones, and Secret Bases.
            Secret bases would be awesome with today technology
                They brought them back in bdsp they just took out 99% of what people liked
    I can respect that attitude. I'm hoping you're right!
I'm gonna be "that guy" and point out that PLA is a main line game. It's officially recognized as one by the developers, so we already have seen it in a main line game. As such we're quite likely to see it again, even if only in another legends style game
Yea, Arceus was a good implementation as well.  I'd rather they be base game but save file restrictions is an acceptable compromise.
    Kinda sucks that they were shiny locked, but so was every other legendary in that game, so it gets a pass...kind of (still irks me a bit).

I definitely would like to see more quests like that. I really don't like just being handed Mythicals because of some arbitrary "you were playing the game at X place or X time". I want the chance to earn them.
That I could go along with.  If there were actually substantial differences I would be more open to dual versions.  But so far no pairs of games have had any differences that you couldn't replicate the same effect in one game with some creative mechanics.  They even proved they can replicate the boxart choice in a single version in Legends Arceus and the Latias/Latios choice in Emerald.  The only difference I can see not being replicable are the different areas in Gen 5 and that wasn't used enough to justify.

I say that the GTS should have killed the 2 versions as they are implemented and that it's just greed that keeps them around.
    I'd say Scarlet and Violet are definitely introducing more Version Exclusive Variety, what with the Professors, Main Hub Aesthetics (School Colours), and even thematics (Scarlet = Past, Violet = Future)
        Black and white already did the future/past thing, I’m hoping scarlet and violet do more with that concept. The different professors is a good start.
    Fire Emblem Fates did the concept of two versions really well, I think a lot of ideas could be pulled from there.
I very much enjoy the regular dynamax adventures, sure it had some faults but overall it was a fun way to add coop and a way to mix up shiny hunting. I am hopeful for some of the possibilities for coop play in SV.
I had I believe 237 by the champion in my last playthrough Pokémon x is by far my favorite Pokémon game
Blazeblack and Voltwhite ruined the normal games for me
    Rom hacks and fan games in general ruined normal games for me. You get one hit of the “better game design” drug and you can’t go back
        Yeah. Drayano should’ve been hired by Game Freak a long time ago.
I feel attacked, that's my playing strategy, and I don't want for it to not be viable. Playing that way brings me joy.
    Which is why difficulty levels make too much sense
That and actual new evolutions for some pokemon that literally don't have an evolution but do have a mega
> Game Freak also did not like how Gen 2 turned out.

Really? Any chance you have a reference for that?
    There isn't one. To my knowledge they've never said that and if they had, HGSS would not have turned out the way they did.
There has never been a pokemon game where the elite 4 have had full teams. It's pretty much always been 5 pokemon each except for gens 5 and 6 where they had 4 pokemon each
Tentacruel maybe?
Water-flying because it synergies very well with water-ground because most AI will use electric moves against the water-flying which gives a free switch in with the water-ground. It's only neutral against grass but I don't think you could do better.
Twinkle Tackle doesn't look good on any Pokemon, really.
    Twinkle Tackle is silly on purpose, because Fairy.

But Tectonic Rage kicks the ass of any Max move.
Yeah, I hate how they never fixed johto's atrocious problem that being there's not much ways to have a mostly johto pokemon team, and the cool new evolution Pokemon introduced in gen 4 were barely usable here because you just can't meet the requirements in some ways (like how you can't find a shiny stone for togekiss).


HGSS added, uhh following pokemon, much better looks and that pretty much it
    >HGSS added

Gym leader rematches in the Saffron City Dojo, and... Yeah you got me there. I might be biased lol
The Kanto side is honestly just bad in both games. It's a wow moment for sure but after the excitement stops you realise it's a dead empty region with not much to do
iirc only the wurmple evolves, the rest of the mons are static since you can swap most of them with something else from your box. But your right in them retaining their characteristics in the overworld
I feel your pain friend. I bred myself a scrappy ability pangoro with false swipe in shield.

He is my low level catcher now and I love him. He can even punch ghosts which is hilarious.
Drizzle pelliper was ridiculously broken
Right. No one* was griping about it in Gen 6 or 7 when Exp Share was on by default. You could always turn it off and there were folks who did (hi, I'm one of them). The complaining about Exp Share largely started with Gen 8 when they took the option to turn it off away. There was no need to do that.

*There will always be a few who complain about anything. You know what I mean so no need to try to correct.
    Also, I'm pretty sure no one cares about EXP sharing being forced in Legends Arceus, because the game was balanced around you catching lots of Pokémon and cycling your team to complete their quests, so in order to have any team members at a reasonable level EXP sharing was practically a necessity

Unfortunately, SwSh wasn't like that
That and you have to like avoid battles to avoid being overleveled with EXP share. The games aren’t balanced around EXP share.
I've fought like 90% of the trainers the the game (Which you know, is the gameplay) and have never been underleveled minus sometimes at the Elite 4.
You didn't even need to dynamax tbh
Or just a difficulty setting. They’ve literally done it before.
I mean there is the “to denounce the evils of truth and love” part…
    That's just them justifying lying to themselves on a daily basis
The fact that it's the signature pokemon of the first gym leader is almost certainly the reason it's not better. They needed a scary-looking pokemon that's actually beatable even if you don't really understand what you're doing yet.
We got official word on the whole "Ash never ages" thing. They want the anime to have the feeling of an "endless summer", so they point-blank refuse to have Ash grow up, either physically or mentally. (Read: they found a winning formula and don't want to change it.)
I don’t think they have more features than Platinum just to pull a name out. The second region and gym leaders 9-16 are not even an obstacle by the time you get to them. HGSS still have all the flaws of GSC, but with a coat of paint on it. Plus you’re missing out on all the new features/QOL additions from newer games, including all the new pokemon. 

And this might be a controversial opinion too, but Pokemon games (except PLA) haven’t had a sense of adventure in a loooooong time. Linear maps combined with how prevalent internet guides and stuff are means that there is basically no exploration.
I think you hit the nail on the head with no bad designs
I know exactly which scene you're referring to, and it made me want to punch Leon in the throat.
I still can't get over the mindfuckingly dumb series of events that was Rose Tower and its immediate aftermath. It's almost obvious that there was a *need* for the usual villainous team base intrusion, but they just couldn't figure out how to fit it into the story without half of the cast acting brainead.

That, and the horrifying smiles of the Macro Cosmos staff are forever seared into my retinas.
I sure hope ShSw won’t increase in value. Don’t need another pricing bubble.

Either way, I get your point about rather expanding a region instead of adding extra parts to them, though this can also easily be done with DLC.
it’s a shame he didn’t evolve anything of value on b&w
    how dare you insult Krookodile
    That's Ash in general for you, because it seemed like he always gave away, or 'released' his fully evolved pokèmon.
        I hated this as a kid, and was blasted on a forum for bashing him about it. You put forth all this effort to raise a Charizard (a wildly popular starter Pokemon, no less, *writers*) and he just... gives this cool ass, powerful team member away?
            Although I wasn't thrilled with the thought of ash releasing strong pokemon, I could respect that he had in mind what his pokemon wanted, rather than what he wanted. Although I think it would be better for him if he just stuck to only catching pokemon which are only interested in battling, not in looking for a partner to start a family, that way all the effort he puts in making his pokemon stronger would pay off. As for Charizard, it's not like Ash can't call him each time he needs it, it's just that ash understood that he wasn't the most suited to develop Charizard 's full potential, and instead he left it in the hands of specialists.
    Krookidile?
That's usually what I would do after the shinnoh series (I lost interest in the anime because they got rid of Brock) Ash's Charizard vs Iris's Dragonite from bw series was a pretty kino mini arc
    I check up from time to time on serebii out of curiosity to see what ash is up to. I also watch some gym and championship battles on YouTube. This recent series battles are wild tho. Ash vs Cynthia was nutty. You might like iris vs Cynthia
        I like they actually let him win in alolah but I can't get past the art style it is very unappealing to me and seems like a lazy downgrade
            I enjoyed the art just for the sake of the region being more chill
            I think it had something to do with Yo-kai Watch getting super popular in Japan for awhile there. It's been a minute since I've heard anything about the series.
Teams that get 6-0d by Ice Beam
    Didn't know Ash did a flying type only run (with a few exceptions obviously) for Kalos lol
        They were trying to push Sky Battles. Yeah that didn't pan out.
You’d think in the Gen they introduced fairy types, Ash would A) HAVE a fairy type, and B) Have fewer Pokémon that are weak to fairy.
    We're talking about an anime that has pikachu thunderbolt an Onix its first gym battle

And win
        Plot armor so thick it destroys the type chart.
        I mean tbf, "Soak" is a pokemon move and the onix was soaked by the sprinklers. So it does kinda make sense. However... soak was not introduced until gen 5, so that definitely was not their logic behind it. I can still accept it enough though haha.
Why so?
    because Dunsparce is goated
Except that he boxes Muk immediately and only brings it out for the League. Same for Krabby

I always thought Cubone would make a good fit for the last slot on his team
    If the Kanto anime had played more into the plot of the games, the orphan cubone would’ve been a perfect edition, but then getting haunted would’ve been shafted…not that he keeps it for long.
    That randomly OP Cubone that destroys Bulbasaur but then somehow gets taken down by a single electric attack? That one would have been great in the Pokemon League, if only because it transcends normal type advantage rules!
    And then Krabby immediately evolves in when Ash had barely used it
        [deleted]
            But that fight was proof that he didn’t need to.
He still doesn't care about Primeape. Or Pidgeot for that matter
He only used pikachu andthe starters tho
Yea i know he does.

But they ignore that and talk about the rest.

Like... the players dont just catch and only use a main 6.
    I was attempting to reinforce your point
        And he was reinforcing yours :)
I'm sorry *what*

Why the hell does Nintendo have such a hardon for Leon, I feel like it's ironic and that he's one of the worst received champions we've had. And now they give him freaking *ETERNATUS*?

Calling it now, Pikachu's just gonna take it down anyways with like, an Iron Tail or something
    I think there are two reasons why Leo is so disliked as a champion by the player base.

Firstly, the smaller reason, his design. It is incredibly bloated with the cape and massive hair and little to no contrast, it is difficult to make out what his shape even is or where to look. Still despite that he looks like just a guy. Which makes him boring. Compare that to other more popular champions like Cynthia, with her blond hair and clean long black dress that flows perfectly into each other. Or Alder (that his name? The Gen 5 guy) who’s red spiky hair, poncho and relaxed body language give off a feeling of an old experience mentor.

Secondly, the bigger reason, constant hype. People have memed just how often characters in game refer to him as “unbeatable and super special”, which rather than build him up as a giant threat just feels annoying. It’s a classic “show don’t tell” violation. Where by constantly repeating what we should think, it feels like someone forces an opinion on us, rather than let us come to our own conclusion.

The simplest way to fix him, in my opinion, would to just stop constantly mentioning him and maybe make it so that during your adventure he becomes the champion. Maybe they could have written that like a “I was retired from fighting, but seeing you shine just made me want to come back and fight you at your best.” Thing that we often see in TV
Hey it’s just the day care experience irl, AR method gaming
Oh fuck, just reading the guide book trying to find the things you needed. That unlocked some memories
The best memory I have is with Pokemon emerald and sky pillar. For months me and my older brother were looking for it. Then one day we were over at our uncle's place. He was doing a garage sale and this kid was holding a Pokemon emerald guidebook. I was young and didn't know how to use a guidebook at the time. But I did know my older brother would. I asked if he could stay for a minute and the kid said yes. I ran to my older brother. He came with me asked if we could see the book. Kid agrees we locate sky pillar and we go to the 8th gym area when Rayquaza vs groundan and Kyogre scene appears. That was my favorite moment for so long. I stopped playing after emerald
Yeah if my friend didn’t have the RSE guide book I would’ve had no idea the regi’s even existed, they were not easy for 8 year old kids in 2003 to get ahold of
    I will forever cherish my memories of printing out the braille alphabet at the school library so I could take it home and hunt down those regis.
        And that first time you actually get it and it works and you’re like holy shit this nonsense is real
            The regi methods felt like some school yard "use strength on the truck" level bullshit. But it worked.
                Relicanth in your party, use strength, etc.

I still have no idea how my mother figured it out. Also the evolving Feebas thing. Feebas is only in 10 squares on this entire route. It needs to be a specific nature so it can eat the most blue (indigo?) pokeblocks to become pretty enough to evolve... da fuq?
        This just unlocked a core memory I had forgotten about. I had a buddy print the braille alphabet out over at his place. He came over and we stayed up all night deciphering braille and trying to catch the Regis. I’m happy to hear I wasn’t the only one who had this amazing experience.
        I remember reading through the booklet in the box, finding the Braille chart at the back, and wondering what in the hell it was for.
Gen 4 is basically the Pokemon Universe's origin story. 

Arceus created the universe when its egg hatched, Dialga and Palkia controlled time and space and were worshipped by an ancient civilization before traveling to a new universe, Giratina is an entity created from violence and malice that the other 3 banished to an alternate dimension to seal its power, and Uxie, Azelf, and Mesprit were created to share knowledge, wisdom, and willpower. 

Then there are the post-story ones. Heatran and Manaphy are magma and ocean guardians respectively, Phione's basically Manaphy's servant, Cresselia and Darkrai are the guardians of dreams and nightmares respectively, Shaymin's a spirit of gratitude, and Regigigas moved the continents Groudon created and helped ancient people create the Regis before sealing itself in a frozen tundra. 

Also, there are books in Canalave City that basically talk about how Sinnoh believes people evolved from and married Pokemon. (Gen 4 had a habit of rewarding you for looking in odd places that people wouldn't usually focus on)
    What about Bidoof?
        We don't speak of its power, it's not safe.
        Where do you think Arceus' egg came from?
Damn, I remember being around ten and being the first to find volcarona in my playground. I really felt like fucking Indiana Jones, everyone gave me their ds to catch one for them as well. We live in a rural area where household internet and pcs became common around two or three years later, so I remember buying lots of pokemon magazines to look for secret pokemons, especially for pokemon mystery dungeon explorers of sky where it's tricky to even make some legendaries appear. Good times
That's my gripe with some legendaries. You have really cool legendaries, and then you have Zeraora, Zarude, Heatran and Volcanion who just exist.
    [deleted]
        I miss how those side quests would open up new areas on the map as well! Really felt like you were getting to delve into undiscovered areas and learn more about the regions secrets
Pokemon movies after Gen 4 just became incomprehensible tbh. 

Like, there's a chance it might've actually explained things, but you could've easily missed it because of all the random *Stuff* going on.
I think all Mythicals from Gen 1-4 are now available without Mystery Gift in one way or another. Some require save files from separate games, but it's better than them being locked off to Mystery Gift.
    Someone set up custom servers for wifi mystery gift in gens IV and V so getting all mythicals up to gen V as well as any event that was ever done over wifi is actually pretty easy. 

https://youtu.be/x2dmNCt6WJo

It seems it's still working as of just one month ago.
Pokemon go fixed this for the most part, a good chunck of mythicals can be obtained legit both shint and regular, and can just semd them to home
    You can't transfer them from Home to SwSh, though (unless you already got one in that game)
Yeah I started with gen 3 and I wasn't really old enough to just go the gamestop events on my own so I've missed basically every event prior to mystery gift events.
Wait which ones are French? Meloetta?
    Swords of Justice are the Three (then four) Musketeers, which is from a French novel! :)
        Oh I forgot those exist :/
    poor Meloetta got lore in the anime but never in the game. was so disappointed when I played BW and the civilisation from the anime never appeared
Wow you’re right I never saw that.
    Actually made me appreciate them a lot more
>r/FuckMindy

There truly is a subreddit for everything
Honestly every game should have a character like the move deleter in HG/SS but he will just trade you so you can get you gengar, alakazam  etc.
    Legends Arceus introduced an item the specifically has this function.  It is a crime that it won't be returning in other games.
Believe it or not, it actually 100% was about having fun with friends based on the creator’s childhood catching bugs with friends.
    Fair. Still a really frustrating feature for someone who never has someone to trade with and there are lots of reasons not to beyond "having no friends". Like simply having friends that dont have pokemon. Or not owning a link cable. My friends played but didnt have a link cable. When gen 4 first came out, I was the only one who got one. I had multiple friends with a nintendo ds but I was the only one with a pokemon game so we played mario kart.
I agree that trade evolutions should be more accessible, maybe adding the link cable to the BP shop, but trade evolutions and version exclusives were designed to make Pokémon a social game. Like obviously now in the age of the internet (and when Pokémon is the largest media franchise, not just a one-off game by a newish company) version exclusives are a little less “exclusive” because it takes like two minutes to post on a forum and find, but back in the day everyone was talking about their Pokémon because if you didn’t have the dex entry, you’d only know it existed if another trainer had it.

Idk maybe it’s a “you had to be there” moment but I remember when Emerald had just come out and it was just a whole different game pre-DS era. Like my friends and I were astound when we found out the clam evolved into the eel and were excited to trade with each other. I get it’s different now but I don’t think saying trade evos and version differences “have never been about having fun with friends” is fair to the series
continue wistful soup dull flag automatic tender yoke squealing absorbed

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
I don’t know. If there’s anything the Pokémon series is known for, it’s introducing features that the fans love (follower Pokémon, super contests, mega evolutions) just to inexplicably drop them the next entry.
    Why did you have to go and remind me of all of that? :(
    Yeah, I miss HMs, Safari Zones, and Secret Bases.
        Secret bases would be awesome with today technology
            They brought them back in bdsp they just took out 99% of what people liked
I can respect that attitude. I'm hoping you're right!
Kinda sucks that they were shiny locked, but so was every other legendary in that game, so it gets a pass...kind of (still irks me a bit).

I definitely would like to see more quests like that. I really don't like just being handed Mythicals because of some arbitrary "you were playing the game at X place or X time". I want the chance to earn them.
I'd say Scarlet and Violet are definitely introducing more Version Exclusive Variety, what with the Professors, Main Hub Aesthetics (School Colours), and even thematics (Scarlet = Past, Violet = Future)
    Black and white already did the future/past thing, I’m hoping scarlet and violet do more with that concept. The different professors is a good start.
Fire Emblem Fates did the concept of two versions really well, I think a lot of ideas could be pulled from there.
Rom hacks and fan games in general ruined normal games for me. You get one hit of the “better game design” drug and you can’t go back
    Yeah. Drayano should’ve been hired by Game Freak a long time ago.
Which is why difficulty levels make too much sense
There isn't one. To my knowledge they've never said that and if they had, HGSS would not have turned out the way they did.
Twinkle Tackle is silly on purpose, because Fairy.

But Tectonic Rage kicks the ass of any Max move.
>HGSS added

Gym leader rematches in the Saffron City Dojo, and... Yeah you got me there. I might be biased lol
Also, I'm pretty sure no one cares about EXP sharing being forced in Legends Arceus, because the game was balanced around you catching lots of Pokémon and cycling your team to complete their quests, so in order to have any team members at a reasonable level EXP sharing was practically a necessity

Unfortunately, SwSh wasn't like that
That's just them justifying lying to themselves on a daily basis
how dare you insult Krookodile
That's Ash in general for you, because it seemed like he always gave away, or 'released' his fully evolved pokèmon.
    I hated this as a kid, and was blasted on a forum for bashing him about it. You put forth all this effort to raise a Charizard (a wildly popular starter Pokemon, no less, *writers*) and he just... gives this cool ass, powerful team member away?
        Although I wasn't thrilled with the thought of ash releasing strong pokemon, I could respect that he had in mind what his pokemon wanted, rather than what he wanted. Although I think it would be better for him if he just stuck to only catching pokemon which are only interested in battling, not in looking for a partner to start a family, that way all the effort he puts in making his pokemon stronger would pay off. As for Charizard, it's not like Ash can't call him each time he needs it, it's just that ash understood that he wasn't the most suited to develop Charizard 's full potential, and instead he left it in the hands of specialists.
Krookidile?
I check up from time to time on serebii out of curiosity to see what ash is up to. I also watch some gym and championship battles on YouTube. This recent series battles are wild tho. Ash vs Cynthia was nutty. You might like iris vs Cynthia
    I like they actually let him win in alolah but I can't get past the art style it is very unappealing to me and seems like a lazy downgrade
        I enjoyed the art just for the sake of the region being more chill
        I think it had something to do with Yo-kai Watch getting super popular in Japan for awhile there. It's been a minute since I've heard anything about the series.
Didn't know Ash did a flying type only run (with a few exceptions obviously) for Kalos lol
    They were trying to push Sky Battles. Yeah that didn't pan out.
We're talking about an anime that has pikachu thunderbolt an Onix its first gym battle

And win
    Plot armor so thick it destroys the type chart.
    I mean tbf, "Soak" is a pokemon move and the onix was soaked by the sprinklers. So it does kinda make sense. However... soak was not introduced until gen 5, so that definitely was not their logic behind it. I can still accept it enough though haha.
because Dunsparce is goated
If the Kanto anime had played more into the plot of the games, the orphan cubone would’ve been a perfect edition, but then getting haunted would’ve been shafted…not that he keeps it for long.
That randomly OP Cubone that destroys Bulbasaur but then somehow gets taken down by a single electric attack? That one would have been great in the Pokemon League, if only because it transcends normal type advantage rules!
And then Krabby immediately evolves in when Ash had barely used it
    [deleted]
        But that fight was proof that he didn’t need to.
I was attempting to reinforce your point
    And he was reinforcing yours :)
I think there are two reasons why Leo is so disliked as a champion by the player base.

Firstly, the smaller reason, his design. It is incredibly bloated with the cape and massive hair and little to no contrast, it is difficult to make out what his shape even is or where to look. Still despite that he looks like just a guy. Which makes him boring. Compare that to other more popular champions like Cynthia, with her blond hair and clean long black dress that flows perfectly into each other. Or Alder (that his name? The Gen 5 guy) who’s red spiky hair, poncho and relaxed body language give off a feeling of an old experience mentor.

Secondly, the bigger reason, constant hype. People have memed just how often characters in game refer to him as “unbeatable and super special”, which rather than build him up as a giant threat just feels annoying. It’s a classic “show don’t tell” violation. Where by constantly repeating what we should think, it feels like someone forces an opinion on us, rather than let us come to our own conclusion.

The simplest way to fix him, in my opinion, would to just stop constantly mentioning him and maybe make it so that during your adventure he becomes the champion. Maybe they could have written that like a “I was retired from fighting, but seeing you shine just made me want to come back and fight you at your best.” Thing that we often see in TV
I will forever cherish my memories of printing out the braille alphabet at the school library so I could take it home and hunt down those regis.
    And that first time you actually get it and it works and you’re like holy shit this nonsense is real
        The regi methods felt like some school yard "use strength on the truck" level bullshit. But it worked.
            Relicanth in your party, use strength, etc.

I still have no idea how my mother figured it out. Also the evolving Feebas thing. Feebas is only in 10 squares on this entire route. It needs to be a specific nature so it can eat the most blue (indigo?) pokeblocks to become pretty enough to evolve... da fuq?
    This just unlocked a core memory I had forgotten about. I had a buddy print the braille alphabet out over at his place. He came over and we stayed up all night deciphering braille and trying to catch the Regis. I’m happy to hear I wasn’t the only one who had this amazing experience.
    I remember reading through the booklet in the box, finding the Braille chart at the back, and wondering what in the hell it was for.
What about Bidoof?
    We don't speak of its power, it's not safe.
    Where do you think Arceus' egg came from?
[deleted]
    I miss how those side quests would open up new areas on the map as well! Really felt like you were getting to delve into undiscovered areas and learn more about the regions secrets
Someone set up custom servers for wifi mystery gift in gens IV and V so getting all mythicals up to gen V as well as any event that was ever done over wifi is actually pretty easy. 

https://youtu.be/x2dmNCt6WJo

It seems it's still working as of just one month ago.
You can't transfer them from Home to SwSh, though (unless you already got one in that game)
Swords of Justice are the Three (then four) Musketeers, which is from a French novel! :)
    Oh I forgot those exist :/
poor Meloetta got lore in the anime but never in the game. was so disappointed when I played BW and the civilisation from the anime never appeared
Actually made me appreciate them a lot more
Legends Arceus introduced an item the specifically has this function.  It is a crime that it won't be returning in other games.
Fair. Still a really frustrating feature for someone who never has someone to trade with and there are lots of reasons not to beyond "having no friends". Like simply having friends that dont have pokemon. Or not owning a link cable. My friends played but didnt have a link cable. When gen 4 first came out, I was the only one who got one. I had multiple friends with a nintendo ds but I was the only one with a pokemon game so we played mario kart.
Why did you have to go and remind me of all of that? :(
Yeah, I miss HMs, Safari Zones, and Secret Bases.
    Secret bases would be awesome with today technology
        They brought them back in bdsp they just took out 99% of what people liked
Black and white already did the future/past thing, I’m hoping scarlet and violet do more with that concept. The different professors is a good start.
Yeah. Drayano should’ve been hired by Game Freak a long time ago.
I hated this as a kid, and was blasted on a forum for bashing him about it. You put forth all this effort to raise a Charizard (a wildly popular starter Pokemon, no less, *writers*) and he just... gives this cool ass, powerful team member away?
    Although I wasn't thrilled with the thought of ash releasing strong pokemon, I could respect that he had in mind what his pokemon wanted, rather than what he wanted. Although I think it would be better for him if he just stuck to only catching pokemon which are only interested in battling, not in looking for a partner to start a family, that way all the effort he puts in making his pokemon stronger would pay off. As for Charizard, it's not like Ash can't call him each time he needs it, it's just that ash understood that he wasn't the most suited to develop Charizard 's full potential, and instead he left it in the hands of specialists.
I like they actually let him win in alolah but I can't get past the art style it is very unappealing to me and seems like a lazy downgrade
    I enjoyed the art just for the sake of the region being more chill
    I think it had something to do with Yo-kai Watch getting super popular in Japan for awhile there. It's been a minute since I've heard anything about the series.
They were trying to push Sky Battles. Yeah that didn't pan out.
Plot armor so thick it destroys the type chart.
I mean tbf, "Soak" is a pokemon move and the onix was soaked by the sprinklers. So it does kinda make sense. However... soak was not introduced until gen 5, so that definitely was not their logic behind it. I can still accept it enough though haha.
[deleted]
    But that fight was proof that he didn’t need to.
And he was reinforcing yours :)
And that first time you actually get it and it works and you’re like holy shit this nonsense is real
    The regi methods felt like some school yard "use strength on the truck" level bullshit. But it worked.
        Relicanth in your party, use strength, etc.

I still have no idea how my mother figured it out. Also the evolving Feebas thing. Feebas is only in 10 squares on this entire route. It needs to be a specific nature so it can eat the most blue (indigo?) pokeblocks to become pretty enough to evolve... da fuq?
This just unlocked a core memory I had forgotten about. I had a buddy print the braille alphabet out over at his place. He came over and we stayed up all night deciphering braille and trying to catch the Regis. I’m happy to hear I wasn’t the only one who had this amazing experience.
I remember reading through the booklet in the box, finding the Braille chart at the back, and wondering what in the hell it was for.
We don't speak of its power, it's not safe.
Where do you think Arceus' egg came from?
I miss how those side quests would open up new areas on the map as well! Really felt like you were getting to delve into undiscovered areas and learn more about the regions secrets
Oh I forgot those exist :/
Secret bases would be awesome with today technology
    They brought them back in bdsp they just took out 99% of what people liked
Although I wasn't thrilled with the thought of ash releasing strong pokemon, I could respect that he had in mind what his pokemon wanted, rather than what he wanted. Although I think it would be better for him if he just stuck to only catching pokemon which are only interested in battling, not in looking for a partner to start a family, that way all the effort he puts in making his pokemon stronger would pay off. As for Charizard, it's not like Ash can't call him each time he needs it, it's just that ash understood that he wasn't the most suited to develop Charizard 's full potential, and instead he left it in the hands of specialists.
I enjoyed the art just for the sake of the region being more chill
I think it had something to do with Yo-kai Watch getting super popular in Japan for awhile there. It's been a minute since I've heard anything about the series.
But that fight was proof that he didn’t need to.
The regi methods felt like some school yard "use strength on the truck" level bullshit. But it worked.
    Relicanth in your party, use strength, etc.

I still have no idea how my mother figured it out. Also the evolving Feebas thing. Feebas is only in 10 squares on this entire route. It needs to be a specific nature so it can eat the most blue (indigo?) pokeblocks to become pretty enough to evolve... da fuq?
They brought them back in bdsp they just took out 99% of what people liked
Relicanth in your party, use strength, etc.

I still have no idea how my mother figured it out. Also the evolving Feebas thing. Feebas is only in 10 squares on this entire route. It needs to be a specific nature so it can eat the most blue (indigo?) pokeblocks to become pretty enough to evolve... da fuq?
