[[What Real World Animals are still unrepresented]]


It just occurred to me there is not a Platypus Pokémon and it got me to wondering what other species still have no design representation left. So I ask you here today Reddit: What animal/Mythical Creature/Yokai/Kaiju/etc. Is still not represented in the form of a Pokémon species at all in the slightest?


Hummingbird
    A three stage evolution, and each step they get *smaller*.
        I want this to happen so badly
            I would love to have a two inch Pokemon that just destroys the competition.
                200 base speed
                    201 just to fuck over Regieleki
                *looks in my pants*

*smiles*
                    [looks into your pants from over your shoulder](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/GD8ZEfAW0AAVOX8.jpg:large)
                        I fucking ugly cackled you monster.
        Holy shit I love that as a concept
        Speed Boost and Sap Sipper as its normal abilities, please.
            With Levitate as a hidden ability
        Oh man, I want it to use Oricorio's Nectars as evo items for different typing and coloration!!!
    I know it’s a bug but I thought Cutiefly was hummingbird based, turns out it based on something called a “bee fly,” I love the creativity of Pokemon haha
        Beeflies are so weird. I saw one before I had heard of them, it was like encountering an insect from a parallel fantasy universe.
    Fuck that is a missed one, I can't believe they didn't make a hummingbird Pokémon even in first gen, they already look mythical.
        Zapdos kinda looks like a very pissed hummingbird
            A buzzingbird?
                Stealing for my own pokemon universe! Thank you!
                >buzzingbird?

Shame we never got some sort of Electric Vulture, really.  *Buzz*ard writes itself.
            Like the wasp version to the hummingbird-bee.
    That would be awesome to have a humming bird pokemon ❤
        A hummingbird would be a great first stage Evo of the regional bird.
            Or like Oricorio - different types depending on items
        I want it to be big tho
    I feel like it would be cool if Chatot got a baby form that's a hummingbird
        I think it should be an evolution with a higher BST. "tot" in "Chatot" implies it's already a baby form.
            I think it’s the “ot” from parrot, no?
                Chat as in chatter because it talks and ot like a parrot yeah
            The game is japanese and the actual name is in Romaji is Perap, a combination from Parrot and Perapera, which has no implication of it being a baby.
            Chat + (Parr)ot. Thankfully, having "tot" as a side effect of that has zero meaning. Otherwise Cofagrigus would be an awful name.
        I’d rather it get a proper evolution, it’s a darn shame both of the parrot Pokémon are single stage with garbage BSTs, I tried to make squawkabilly work so hard but those stats just hold it back so much, granted it’ll probably make attempting a solo run with it more interesting.
            Squawkabilly would be cool if it had 4 different evos.

Rockstar, Gangster, Pirate, and i cant think of a 4th one.
    Humming bird Dragon for the Mexico region
    We need a hummingbird as a regional bird.
    I thought zapdos was a hummingbird
    porygon z kinda does that but yeah
    Undersea and abyssal creatures too. Still no legendary poke kraken
    I had a hummingbird fire type pokemon idea with a chili pepper motif, for my California region.
correct me if i’m wrong, but we don’t have a capybara yet, do we?
    This was my first thought as well, and we really need one. We have our first Dolphin now but I'd love a beluga whale. Do something fun with that head-bump please.
        It's gotta be psychic surely
            It can even be a supervillain, Superman vs Brainiac.
                Echolock, the Whale warlock to Palafin's Dolphin paladin.
                    Warphin. Type(s): Water/Dark. Ability: Illusion, Hidden Ability: Good as Gold. Base Stats: 100 HP/87 Atk/100 Def/160 SpAtk/106 SpDef/100 Spd. Egg Groups: Field/Water 2. 















Pokedex: Entry A:This pokemon spends its days among the Finizen of its natural habitat. When a Palafin reveals itself, this normally peaceful pokemon embraces its dark and scheming tendencies until either itself or the Palafin perish in combat. Entry B: This pokemon spends its days among a council of Finizen, but hold a rivaly to Palafin resembling that of a Seviper and Zangoose.
                        I’d give it a signature ability called “Hidden Malice” that plays with the idea it’s in disguise and has another form with reduced stats but damage reduction until it attacks
                Genius!!
        tbh, Brazil, Colombia or Patagonia would make great regions
            Yes definately. We've had 2 American states and 3 european countries now, while the series started with Japanese regions. Time for some Southern America, Africa or Oceania.

EDIT: something like India or Arabia could be awesome as well.
                I'm a bit biased because I'm brazilian myself, but hell yeah a Brazil based region would be amazing!
                    At least you have Quaquaval now.
                        I mean, it is a brazilian reference, yes. But I still imagine Gamefreak can do a lot more here.  
We have some interesting endemic animals that would work greatly as Pokémon. Knowing past games tho, GF might still bring animals from other places, Hawaii doesn't have koalas nor toucans lol.   
The capybara would be cool as it is a popular animal currently, specially in Japan apparently.  
The Harpy Eagle would be an awesome bird Pokémon, it can be the final stage Route 1 bird or something akin to Braviary, who knows.  
Regional forms would be fun too, like a 'brazilian' Toucannon, or a 'brazilian' Drowzee (we have Tapirs here too).   
For Starter Pokémon, I can imagine a fire snake that turns into the mythical Boi Tatá, a fire spirit that looks like a giant snake.   
I could think of more but I'm not feeling super creative rn haha.
                Sadly that most likely will never happen as Japan, Europe and the US will always be the major economies that all companies will cater constantly.

Left handed products are almost nonexistent? Yeah, why even bother appealing to minorities in this economy.
        Haven’t we had gorebyss for a while?
            Gorebyss is an eel. That said, Kyogre is partly based on orcas, which are dolphins. Finizen and Palafin are our first bottlenoses
    They're saving it for the south american based region.
        Pokémon Crime 🔫 & Pokémon Corruption 💰

(I'm from South America)
            Pokemon Surf and Pokemon Turf
                Pokemon Bra and Pokemon zil

🇧🇷🏆🏆🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🏆🏆⚽️⚽️🏆🏆🏆🏆😁😁🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷☝☝☝🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷☝☝⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🏆🏆🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
                    Something tells me Pokemon Bra would be a lot more popular
                        We could finally [discover the secret.](https://www.reddit.com/media?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreview.redd.it%2F3v9rxuln1an51.png%3Fauto%3Dwebp%26s%3D6e3a02a4ccf8d251a4e204135fcbba4f69ed87a7)
                    Pokemon 7 and Pokemon 1 /s
                        Saved for the German release DLC.
                    🙁Pokémon Meh😒& 🥵Pokemon Xico🥵 CeroCampèão 🤘🏼☝🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥉🤭🏆🫵🏽🙌🏾👏🏻💪🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥳🥉🏅
            The legendary would be a squid or an octopus, lol.
                With 9 tentacles lol
        A degu will evolve into a capybara
        Why would they need to?  Last I checked zebras aren't hanging around Manhattan.
            Central Park zoo begs to differ
    Listen to this person Gamefreak. Give us the clappyblappy's we DESERVE
    Water type starter or regional normal mammal
    A Capybara pokemon that is so unaware that it cannot even be hurt by opponents attacks and is so chill that it can freeze opponents
    If we ever get a south america based region we'll get it at route 1
    They already look like a Pokemon
Is there a goblin shark?
    There almost was one Gen 1. Got cut.
        Dang
            Yeah. It looked cool.
    I wish Gobfin was a Pokemon😪
        I had to stop myself from commenting on another comment saying we don't have chickens with "What about Chikipi?"
            Gen three fire starter
                Twisted firestarter.
                    *bangs head *
    Holy cow I just looked up a photo of that! What a cool shark, yes we need this as a Pokémon!
    Isn’t that gible?
    We dont even have a FULL shark as a pokemon.


SHARPEDO IS MISSING ITS BACK HALF. DONT @ ME
I'm a little surprised we don't have a llama or alpaca Pokémon yet (I'm not counting Arceus)
    Which made me think Peru would make an amazing setting for a Pokemon game. A ghost type Tumi would be fantastic. The main character could have a bunch of different colored chullos.
        Have you seen the fan project pokemon sage? South American based region. So many cool designs!
            Name? Or is it called "Sage"?
                [pokemon sage wiki](https://pokemon-fan-game.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_Sage) here you go! They had demo out years ago. They have a discord server and I think they are still working on it slowly. I love their fakemon tho!
        If we're talking South America, I'd love to see a region based on Brazil.  You have enormous diversity, two massive cities, and the biggest ethnic Japanese population in the world outside of Japan.

One wish list item would be a Kanto-town in the game's equivalent of São Paulo with its own mini-Indigo League and people cosplaying the Kanto gym leaders.  It would be a creative way to feature Kanto in a way that makes sense with the game and real-world lore.
    Melpaca
        Oh that makes me realize that its design is so good it could fit into either game
    Who tf is counting Arceus as an alpaca?
        Who isn't?! lol
            It's a llama!
                A llama? He's supposed to be dead!!
                    Yeah... Weird...
                I'm going to go with Vicuña
                    Not guanaco?
                An L L Ama? what's the heck is a L L Ama?
        I am now!
        Those who worship alpacas as their god.
        What else would it be?
What about Pokémon based on animals in recent(ish) history that have gone extinct?

Like the Tasmanian Tiger.

Bramble Cay Melomys.

White Rhinoceros and Black Rhinoceros.
    Is there a Pokemon based on the Dodo? That should be in there too
        There’s Doduo and Dodrio, but nothing else since Gen 3 I think. That could be a fun take since it could be done in a unique way more aligned with the actual animal in terms of design
            They’re kind of just based on them in name, they don’t really look like dodos at all.
            It would also be a missed opportunity not to make a dodo inspired mon a fossil
            That's name only, they're really closer in design to ratites (emus, ostriches, etc).  The dodo was more closely related to pigeons.
    Rhinoceros is covered with rhyhorn
        True, but we’ve had half a dozen cats and dogs and other animals in Pokémon, Rhyhorn appears in plenty of games. 

But it’s a Gen 1 Pokémon, and there haven’t been any new or rhino inspired Pokémon for over 20 years. Unless you want to include Rhyperior, which is just another evolution to Rhyhorn.

Personally I wouldn’t even mind a Rhinoceros/Triceratops Pokémon line.
            Maybe a regional Rhyhorn, and because they kept getting hunted for their horns, they're super smooth like river pebbles.
            >Bramble Cay Melomys.

Honestly for the white rhinos or black rhinos (and i get it if you dont like this thought) a new split regional variant of rhyhorn
            Now I’m imagining a Rhino that gains horns on Evolution:

Rhinotops >> Binotops >> Trinocerous
        Tbf, that's an unevolved Pokemon, and the fully evolved Pokemon are bipedal so arguably not even really rhinos at that point.
        Rhyhorn is more Kaiju than anything.
    Neither Black nor White rhinoceros are extinct
    What if

Reshiram and Zekrom, but Rhinoceros
    Legends potential? Early human interactions with pokemon, with the challenge of not having pokeballs?
        Literally all I’m thinking about is a Pokémon Legends concept where you have to manually tame Pokémon individually and just have them walk around with you. Maybe Have a farm where they all hang out since there’s no storage system.

I’m honestly super stoked by the idea

Imagine having to just feed Pokémon berries like an enthusiastic Steve Irwin, waiting to see if it’ll get aggro on you before you need to run. 

The only downside would be you’d have to manually go back and forth to your farm to switch out Pokémon without a storage system

But honestly if the story isn’t about battling, I would be okay with having 1 partner Pokémon at a time and just recording Pokémon in the wild
As far as prehistoric life, Pokemon based on Stegosaurus, Dromeosaurs, Mosasaurs, Terror birds, and Ceratopsians would be nice. Sure we kind of have Bastiodon for a Ceratopsian, but if it doesn't have horns I'm not counting it. Torterra is probably the closest thing we have had to an Anklylosaurus, but again we need something with a clubbed tail

As for modern animals, a jaguar would be amazing.
    >Stegosaurus, Dromeosaurs

Technically (depending on what you want to believe the Draco- fossil was originally), Galar is a glass half-full in that regard—or half-empty, in my eyes. Alternatively, Archen and Archeops are at least maniraptorans.
    I think the "drago" half of the Galar fossils was meant to be a kentrosarus. Pretty sad that that's the closest we have gotten to a stegosaurus pokemon tho.
    Mosasaurs and Stegosaurs my beloved

2 of my favorite ARK creatures
I know we got Kyogre. But I wouldn’t mind having orca pokemon. orcas are one of the top aquatic predators currently. Also, we don’t have a sperm whale Pokémon, we have a blue whale, but no sperm whale, especially how iconic sperm whales are.
    Yes, we could use more whale and orca pokemon
        We just got one in cetitan, don't think we will see another one next gen
    Or a humpback whale! It could be a sound-based pokemon or a flying whale trope poke!
        Wailord
            You are right, Wailord has all the "less dense than air" thing going, but I was imagining a winged whale (since also megaptera means big wing)
    I think the problem is the sperm
        Hey! Infertility is a sensitive subject these days.
        We have Pokemon based on far "worse" things than an animal with sperm in its name.
        Cachalot
        Humpbukk, the sperm whale pokémon. It's not uncommon to see several male Humpbukk gather together around a single female for some sort of ritual.
        I've heard that before
        The sperm whale Pokémon must be male exclusive.
    I'm that same vein I wouldn't mind a beluga!
    Oh my God yes thank you. Orca's are my favorite animal I would kill to have an orca pokemon. Fingers crossed for Gen 10
    Call him Spermo
    Pretty sure orcas are considering the apex predators of the ocean now.
    Shiny cetitan is my current sub in until we get a proper orca
Two mythical creatures: gryphon and Cerberus. 

Silvally is one of my favs but he’s more of a gryphon-like chimera instead of a full blown gryphon. I can imagine a gryphon being a ground/flying type.

As for Cerberus, there is no Pokémon in existence yet based on him. I can imagine Cerberus being a ghost/fire type since he’s the guardian of the underworld.
    Despite having one head, there are plenty of Cerberus parallels in the Houndour line.
        Could be a third stage for it.
            That would be brilliant tbh
            Cerburneros
                Hounderus
        You just made me think that they could introduce the fact that some Legendary mons are actually some kind of Primal/Mega of existing Pokemon. I will call it Ascended for the sake of consistency.

Some Pokémon are born Ascended, and some are elevated to the state of Ascended, something which can only be done specifically by Ho-Oh, which is based on a Phoenix.

- Raikou/Entei/Suicune being ascended Jolteon/Flareon/Vaporeon
- Diance being ascended Carbink
- A Cerberus-like Pokémon being ascended Houndoom
- A Pegasus-like Pokémon being ascended Rapidash

It would be very interesting to see a concept like that in a Johto remake, or in something like Legends Celebi.
            Gen 10 is rumored to take place either in Australia or Greece right? If Greece then that would be a good time to introduce the Cerberus and Pegasus pokemon.
        I was surprised that they didn't give Mega Houndoom at least some armor resembling additional heads. Although I guess that might have made it look too similar to the Cerberus-themed "'mon" from that certain other series.
    Gryphon/Cerberus legendary duo??
        That would honestly be really cool!
    Has there been a Pegasus yet?
        No, and now that we have a unicorn Ponyta varient, they should do a flying type one with wings.
        When they announced Galarian Ponyta, I was kinda hoping Rapidash would turn into some sort of Unicorn Pegasus thing (they're called Alicorns if I'm not wrong)
    Pokemon seems resistant to just lifting species from Greek mythology. When a mon takes inspiration from Greek mythology it usually has a lot of other sources (like Hydrapple being a worm-infested candy apple or Primarina being a circus seal). It makes sense; Pokemon doesn't want to be compared to God of War or the countless other fantasy RPGs where you mainly fight Greek mythological monsters.
    Shocked Mega Houndoom didn't get a Cerberus theme. Instead it just looks weirdly anime.

Hydreigon is Hydra, obviously, and Misdreavus brings in mind Medusa's head as well as banshees so there's definitely Greek mythology knowledge, they just haven't figured out how to use it for those, I guess?
    Houndoom is....wait you're right huh
    I imagined a cerberus to be ghost/water because of styx or a ghost/steel type because Hades was a god of wealth and minerals (Pluto coming from Greek Πλούτων meaning "the wealthy one", hence plutocracy)
Tardigrade
    My favourite idea for this would be a convergent Snorlax based on tardigrades. It works so well on so many levels, right down to the nickname of the tardigrade being the water bear.
        Logstin and grogginess did a reneculous tartigrade form a while back and it was amazing
        Water snorlax with access to mudshot. I can hear Pogo players complaining already.
        Or a regional Reuniclus
    Speaking of which... you'd think there would be microscopic Pokemon. Maybe the next professor will have the genius idea to use a microscope and the next gen gimmick could be becoming smol.
        Could give some proper backstory to the Pokerus. Imagine the Pokerus is just a viral pokemon this whole time. Viruses already look so bizarre in the real world, would easily make a perfect pokemon.
            It wouldn’t even be that unusual having a game aspect be a Pokémon, considering we are multiple generations into people walking around with Rotom phones and ‘dexes without blinking an eye. Honestly, in universe it makes no sense that you would even blackout when running out of your six Pokémon, considering you have a ghost electric type right there in your pocket
        I really think we just need some pest pokemon. It's wild we don't have flies, worms, and ants that are that milimeter size. Make some little guys that evolve in a swarm, or a little guy that evolves in certain specific condition, so we never have giga-flys or anything. 

Even better, make it a special pokemon only caught whenever you interact with a trashcan. "You obtained a ROTTEN BERRY. Use ROTTEN BERRY?"
"FLY was added to your party."
        Pokemon all the way down
        'Honey, I shrunk the kids' crossover confirmed. A sleeping Snorlax blocking the road becomes a 'God of War'-style behemoth boss battle. Absolute unit.
    Gesundheit
        This was represented with Cubchoo.
    I had an idea for that awhile ago.

Give it an ability which triggers once per battle that's basically Revival Blessing.

So the first time it's knocked out in a battle, it returns to it's pokeball and can be sent out again later with half health.
    Give it Wonder Guard and Immunity as abilities
    I'm imagining a water/normal type with a special defense equivalent to Fur Coat. It would be a fun way to represent its nature as an extremophile.
    I thought Reuniclus was based on the tardigrade. Hmm.🤔
Screw real world animals, I want some Cryptids. Gimme a Squonk!
    I doodled a whole set of Fearsome Critter Pokémon some years ago! I’d love to see an Appalachian Region full of them!
        A hidebehind pokemon would be rad as hell, especially as like a roaming legendary
            One of my ideas combined the Hidebehind and Wendigo into a Pokémon called Weredigo (“Where did it go?”)! I had some gimmick ability for it but I don’t remember what it was. Maybe it set up a substitute when it entered battle or something like that?
            I had no idea what this was and am so glad I googled it
    We have Sableye, based on the Hopkinville Goblin, why don't we have a Sableye evolution based on the Flatwoods monster?
    Fairy/Dark Mothman. I know Slaking kinda counts but a Sasquatch could be a good idea for a Normal/Ghost type.
    SQUONK SQUONK SQUONK SQUONK
    cactus cat would go so hard as a pokemon. no changes literally just 1 to 1
    Sooo many cool things could be done with that.

A spooky ghost type area like that one haunted mansion or the pokemon tower, and inside you find weird cryptid ghosts.

A 'safari zone' type area and instead of just housing rare pokemon, you also find these weird cryptids lurking. Maybe with some plot about being the first to go in and document them.

Or what about all those alternate dimensions and time/space rifts or whatever players keep getting sent to lately? Imagine instead of going somewhere just for one Ultra Beast or one really big Chansey, you encounter this other world where all the Pokemon are *weird*.
    So ugly that it lowers the morale (accuracy) of all other Pokémon upon entering battle.
I would love a mantis shrimp Pokémon.
    Clawitzer?
        Clawitzer is a pistol shrimp
            It's easy to mix up the two coolest shrimp in existence, I guess.
            Imagine a regional Clawitzer that just has a massive bicep and fist
        Mantis shrimp are more flamboyant
    A convergent species from fomantis/lurantis would be cool actually.
Surprisingly, there's no triceratops. Bastiodon is a similar species of dinosaur, but not a triceratops

No stegosaurus either
    Or alnklosuarus
        Torterra has the mace tail.
            https://preview.redd.it/1uf0a2q15cpc1.jpeg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=4029abe7f10ea9bcc289223f48fa3104e485b4b0
                I must have got it confused. Torterra only has the head and Grotle has the shell.
    Gouging fire is sorta triceratops like but not really
        Gouging Fire is a Styracosaurus

On the complete opposite side of the Ceratopsid family tree
    The Entei paradox Pokémon from the newest game is a triceratops
        It's a Styracosaurus
        Gouging Fire is a Styracosaurus, not a Triceratops

On the complete opposite side of the Ceratopsid family tree

You can tell when something isn't a Triceratops by remembering what its name means, "Three horned face"

If it don't got 3 horns, it ain't Triceratops
            Okay but I doubt we're getting, like, an albertosaurine fossilmon anytime soon because these are the sorts of distinctions only us paleo-dweebs care about
    It’s kind of amazing that the first fossil Pokemon were an ammonite and a trilobite (though to be fair, they were joined by the more famous pterodactyl.) 

It wasn’t even until Gen 6 that we got a T-Rex.
    My favourite dinosaur is Parasaurolophus and it would be a dream come true if they made a pokemon based on that 😭
    We got half a stegosaur lol
    I think the bottom half of Dracozolt is supposed to be a stegosaurus in its correct form. Too bad we never got to see the correct version of the Gen 8 fossil Pokemon.
    We need a Rock Electric Triceratops Pokemon whos horns are shaped like a plug.

There IS NO OTHER WAY TO DO ONE
        I had come up with a fakemon design of an electric triceratops with that exact idea
            EXACTLY. ITS THE BESY WAY TO DO THAT
Does anyone else find it extremely odd that we don’t have a housefly Pokémon yet? I feel like they’re such a common insect. Yet no representation.
    We didn't get a proper earthworm Pokemon until the most recent generation despite worms being such a "basic" and fundamental creature. 


We've gotten rock snakes, regular snakes, lampreys and eels, caterpillars and larvae, slugs, and wyrms, but never a good old worm kind of worm until Gen 9. 


I'll be very disappointed but also somewhat not surprised since it'd be classic GameFreak if we don't get an actual housefly for another few generations. 
    Cutiefly maybe? Or is that a mosquito?
        Bee fly
            I really think we need a Bug/Ghost mosquito and a Bug/Dark housefly. Also a Bug/Dark cockroach.
                Just for laughs, give the cockroach Wonder Guard.
    we do have Cutiefly/Ribombee, but those are housefly-adjacent, not strictly a housefly.
        They're bee flies.
            they're cute is what they are.
    I always felt the Pokémon world is the ideal place to live in. If Game Freak starts adding tiny houseflies, mosquitoes and other little buggers in Pokémon then nope, thank you.
    It’s because all the other Pokémon in the house keep the population at a minimum eating them
    Have it start out as a regular fly and then it evolves into a Bug/Dark Beelzebub thing
    Housefly could pull off the first Normal/Bug type?
Iguana feels like a weird oversight. Maybe you could argue scrafty is one, but other than the head grill it doesn’t have any of the things that make me think iguana
    Koraidon has a pretty heavy iguana basis methinks
        I didn't even consider that but you're right.
    How could you forget poor Kecle- No wait, Kecleon's a Chameleon. ...come to think of it, how do we have THREE chameleon mons already but not an iguana?
        Charmeleon, Kecleon, …?

Edit: I forgot about Intelleon lol
            To be fair to Intelleon its more of a Basilisk Lizard.

Sobble's the chameleon.
Cheetah, chicken, hummingbird, moose, narwhal, and platypus are shockingly absent
    We have 2 very malnourished leopards.

That's basically having cheetahs.
        Chien pao is weasel malnourished level.
    We have the torchic line for chickens

Zapdos could possibly be a humming bird
        Zapdos being a hummingbird makes me uncomfortable, but I can't argue against it
        Zapdos is a garuda bird. It lacks the wingspan to flip those gigantic wings like a hummingbird. But yeah, pretty close
            Is it not based off the Native American thunderbird?
                That too
        Yeah but torchic is more like a baby chick and Blaziken too humanoid. We need a single stage chicken pokemon to explain how people eat egg products in the pokemon world, like miltank with milk
            This is intriguing because now Pokemon breeding would completely fall into question. But also Chansey line has a bunch of eggs so that could be the egg solution. Miltank milk and Chansey eggs
                Correct me if I'm wrong, but in the anime Chansey is already the egg solution, no?
            all pokemon lay eggs :)
        Zapdos is a pretty literal thunderbird--which I've always seen as eagle-like, but Zapdos physically looks like a heron or crane to me.
    Chicken is the Torchic line (chick, chicken, weird chicken)
        They're based on [shamo chickens](https://www.poultryclub.org/breeds/chickens/asian-hard-feather/ko-shamo/) specifically, which is why they look weirdly humanoid. The JP names are achamo, wakashamo, and bashamo.
        Chick, chicken, man in chicken suit
    Ting-lu is a moose
        Ting-Lu is an elk, not a moose.
    narwhal evo for dewgong would be fantastic. water fairy or water fighting or both.
    I'd love to have a moose and a platypus pokemon!
    Narwhal is kind of repped by Cetitan. 
        Dewgong’s horn is also Narwhal-inspired.
    I’m pretty sure Cetitan was said to be based on a Narwhal but I could be wrong
    Have you not seen the Moltres rubber chicken meme?
    How could you forget my goat the kickboxing fire chicken Blaziken?
    Psyduck is already a platypus Pokémon despite its name while the Torchic line has chicken covered and Ting-Lu is a moose made out of dirt.
        Psyduck is definitely not a platypus. It doesn't even have the right tail.
        I thought Psyduck is supposed to be a rubber ducky, and Golduck is based on Kappas, neither really have platypus traits besides the duck bill.
Manatees
    Came here to say this. Underrepresented! Finally got one in ACNH
Edit: it removed my text when the picture added.

But patagonian Mara is a weird little creature with so much pokemon potential!
    https://preview.redd.it/7vy6fk4klbpc1.jpeg?width=650&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=0517286d865e9808f00bbf8d7d5a7c0bec3adcdf
        Introducing rabahorse
Forgive me as I haven't played since 3rd generation. Is there a komodo dragon yet?

Edit: Also red panda. Those are just my two favorite animals.
    omg red panda... stufful is the closest but I would prefer a chunkier and redder one.
        Spinda is a drunk red panda*

Well apparently Spinda is based on a panda bear subspecies that's brown and white instead of black and white. But in the game Spinda is red and white, so... a literal red panda I guess?
            Spinda is actually supposed to be a qinling panda, which a type of giant panda
    White ears, black belly, raccoon tail, the classic red panda defense posture...

https://img.pokemondb.net/artwork/avif/bewear.avif

https://i.pinimg.com/736x/d8/3c/bb/d83cbb5ada29660470a4b4ebb010cf80.jpg
    [this](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Kommo-o_(Pok%C3%A9mon)) is kommo-o. It's neither venomous, a cuadruped nor it has prominent claws.

But it's covered in armor and it's gray so...

Close enough?
        I'd assumed that Kommo-o was derived from a pangolin.
            It's scales are reminiscent of pangolins.
            Far too reptilian to be a pangolin
            Sandslash is a pangolin
        I mean even the name suggests it's a komodo dragon
    There's a dragon/fighting pseudolegend named Kommo-o. Pawmot is a bit like s red panda. The Gen 9 box legends are a monitor lizard and a bearded dragon, literally and metaphorically.
        >Pawmot is a bit like s red panda

It's a marmot.
    Komodo dragons my beloved
    We have Kommo'o 

We don't have a red panda

EDIT: apparently, this message got sent 7 times. Apologies
    Isn’t the Stufful line based on red pandas? They kinda remind me of red pandas.
I almost instinctively typed dolphin but then remembered we finally have one!
    Though after seeing its alternate form, I sorta wish we didn't have one
    We have 2. Im ackshullying you.

Oh wait Palafin exists... thats 3.
Electric rat
    Just a unkempt Pikachu smoking a cigarette. 
Parasaurolophus fossil Pokemon. Have yet to seen one.
We don't have a housefly Pokemon, or a roly poly / pill bug / woodlouse (Golisopod is a deep sea isopod, but not a regular woodlouse).

I'd also love to see a Tiktaalik Pokemon — a perfect example of evolution!
    I think Venipede would pass as a wood louse. It's evolution is even a rolled one.
Okapi :( (I don’t count Girafarig and Farigiraf since they’re more giraffes)
    I always wanted a baby girafarig based off an okapi named Okapako
    A convergent girafarig based on an okapi would be really cool.
        I'd love to see a Grass/Ghost Okapi because of its rarity/camouflage :)
Betta fish. (Would it be Water/Fighting or Water/Dragon?)
    Gotta be fighting! They’re well known as “fighting fish”! But you could also skip water type like Dragalge does and have it go water/fighting -> dragon/fighting when it evolves!
        Oooo, that's an excellent idea! I like how you think.
            Thanks! :D
    My regional fish fakemon is a Betta fish (water fighting) where its fins are curled like boxing gloves.


It evolves to a Swordfish, but rather than sword at the tip, it replaces a Fin.
I stand by the fact that the first Ghost/Normal type should have been a Possum with a Morpeko-like "play dead" form.
    Wait that's genius
It would be so fun and cute to have a chihuahua Pokemon!
    this one is the most surprising. TPC loves marketable pet pokemon and a chihuahua feels like a fun animal to design around in general
        When they eventually make a pokemon game that takes place in Mexico…
    Make it a Legendary Dark Type for fun too. No wait: Make it a Mythical!
        My idea was psychic type. They do seem a little psychotic from my experience (I mean this as a huge fan of chis, they're adorable.)
    Make it Electric Dark.

Electric for their abundance of energy and Dark because they are chihuahuas.
Moray Eel
    I think Huntail is the closest thing to a moray, but I think it's more closely related to a wolf eel.

A gulper eel would be cool though!
        We had a gulper eel with an esca in the G/S beta! Hope that one comes back, they were the one that evolved from that sick anchor shark.
        I think Huntail’s based on both a gulper eel and an oarfish
Maned wolf, should be grass type.


If you haven't seen one, Google it now.
    Lycanroc: Am I a joke to you?
        Maned wolves look nothing like Lycanroc, they aren't even sctually wolves. Similarly, I'd love to see a painted dog
            Hey man I see a doggie and a doggie lookin Pokemon. Boom. Dog Pokemon
    Manectric? (I'll admit it's a stretch but still.)
Housefly. At least, I can't think of one, and that just baffles me, especially as  we have multiple Pokemon based on spiders which are infamous for preying on flies.
    Kinda nuts that we only have three dipterans, and all of them are from Alola. 

I want a robber fly next!
I'm reading all this and realized I have missed a lot of pokemon games haha. I'm questioning if basics animals have been covered and apparently they have.
Stick insect maybe? I don't count Sudowoodo


Edit: and Venus flytraps
    >venus flytrap

there's carnivine
    Yes stick insects that could evolve to leaf insect or even flower insect
    Carnivine: Am I a joke to you
        my answer would be yes because Carnivine reminds me of a muppet
Arapaima as a steel/water type
I need a winged dragon inspired by Quetzalcoatl /cental/meso/American motifs
Manticore (poison type-maybe rock as well?)
I need more caiman Pokémon 
Lindworm (2-legged dragon)
Anaconda that evolves into an even bigger giant snake
Alligator gar
Freshwater eel that has a multiple amount evolution (like dugtrio or wishi washi)
Piranha that stay piranha

….i may have been watching too much river monsters while brainstorming.
Here’s an old saying.. if it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck…

https://preview.redd.it/wzot1x51pbpc1.jpeg?width=1936&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=f258c38e318bf713e9779a9779884251b9eee68e
    The Psyduck thing kinda has a few holes, mainly no beaver tail or venom.

Although the whole “walks like a duck, quacks like a duck” phrase I remember being used relating to which Pokémon count as dragons. (Probably unrelated but felt like mentioning)
        Ok but you can apply that logic the other way too. If it’s a duck where are its wings? Why does it have hands?
Narwhals
    Narwhals, swimming in the ocean
Bigfoot
WHERE IS OUR SEA SPONGE 

THE LITERAL FIRST ANIMALS EVER AND WE HAVE THREE BILLION GRASS MONKEYS INSTEAD 

…Glimmora KINDA counts but still!
Vampire squid

https://www.montereybayaquarium.org/animals/animals-a-to-z/vampire-squid

https://ocean.si.edu/ocean-life/invertebrates/vampire-squid-hell

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vampire_squid
    Malamar has elements of a vampire squid.  Not that I would complain if we got another.
That undersea snail that has literal metal as a part of it so it can survive high heats.
    I remember thinking that was what Hisuian Goodra would be based on. I was BEYOND convinced. Made a sketch of it and everything. 

Nice candidate for a Fire/Steel-Type in the future though. Were SORELY lacking in ‘Mons that reference hydrothermal vents.
        Fire/Steel with a water immunity would be unreal. Could be a Magcargo variant!
Aside from pherosma. I'm surprised cockroaches are so underrepresented. Especially since they're known for being in every country of the world and are notorious for being able to survive any environment
    I kinda love that our only cockroach right now is a Legendary diva alien, but yeah more would still be quite welcome. 

Death’s head roach would be a nice new Bug/Ghost, or we can get a hissing one whenever we get a Region somewhere in an African country?
Saiga Antelope. 

Seriously, Google it. They’re hilarious and would make fantastic Pokémon.
    That looks like a SciFi creature fit for Star Wars Lore. Good one!
More sharks, more snakes, more crocodiles and alligators 

A hyena that isn’t Mightyena
    as a Brazilian who loves green anacondas seeing sandaconda as the closest thing to it makes me depressed
    Hammerhead when
    this, i want a shark that isnt cut in half lol
    A regional Mightyena that becomes like a clown and is Dark/Fairy

Joker vibes
Peacock!
    Quaquaval? At least I count it as one, since I had been waiting for a peacock mon for generations.
        Ah, I kinda totally forgot about Quackaval lol
But, I've always wanted like, a psychic peacock that uses it's tail to hypnotize opponents.
            I'd also like a more tradition looking, preferably psychic or fairy type, peacock mon. Quaquaval is still more duck/goose like in design and the tail only really looks the part when it's attacking.
            Nice. Grass/Psychic and make its tail a flower bush as well?
                Ooohh, that would look cool!
                Mine is Grass Fairy and its tail basically opens to resemble a fruiting bush.
The shoebill stork
If we go mythical, jackalope!
There are a whole lot of them from lesser known animals that people generally don’t knew despite being not uncommon.

- There’s a lack of beaked whales or porpoises, even if there are of course some whales and dolphins. 

- There’s not as much variety of non-cat Feliformes as one might hope. There’s a few mongoose and some hyena adjacent ones, but like civets and fossa have potential 

- Large ground dwelling birds. Yes we have ostrich types but there have been so many extant and extinct. Like the Moa formerly of New Zealand, or the closest thing to a living raptor a Cassowary

- For how many catfish there are IRL (1/20 vertebrate species is a catfish) there are only a few.

And personally I’d love to a wolverine
    I’d love to get a fossil Pokémon Terror Bird!
    I need a mythical pokemon that's just a cassowary.
    I’m sorry, 1/20?? I need to know more
        There’s about 60,000 extant vertebrate species described. 3100 are catfish from giant river monsters (arguably the largest freshwater fishes) to tiny eyeless cave fish
Bugs/arthropods are the big blindspot. There's endless diversity there. Off the top of my head I am pretty sure we haven't had a: 

earwig, mole cricket, weevil, assassin bug, velvet worm, mayfly, silverfish, springtail, bristletail, thrips, wind scorpion, sun spider, pseudoscorpion, louse, flea, bedbug.
    I want a whiptail that acts like a lil’ Indiana Jones, more arachnids in particular would be great :)
Narwhals, Echidnas, Plankton(?), Tardigrades.
    Plankton isn't a specific animal. It's an umbrella term for anything tiny in the sea that drifts opposed to swims
        I know that, but do we have any Pokemon based on any Plankton?  or based on the concept of Plankton as a whole?
Gazelle?
    Wow. This is an obvious one. And speaking of, is there a Cheetah like Pokémon or is that just Raikou because its an electric cat?
Id like to see peafowl type pokemon. Including the color differences so males are brighter and females are more subtle or muted colored.
    Which is so odd because it’d be a good excuse for a fairy/grass or fairy/flying type
I'd love a Pokémon based on a crane and a binturong.  I'd also want an actual kangaroo and hyena Pokémon, and before anyone says it, I'm already aware that we have Mightyena and Kangaskhan but those are Pokémon loosely based on the animas they draw inspiration from.  Mightyena is a canine/hyena hybrid and Kangaskhan is a reptilian creature that borrows a few physical attributes from kangaroos.  

I always think of how cool it could be if we had a regional variant of the Poochyena line and an evolved form for Mightyena.  It would be most appropriate if we received an African-esque region where the Mightyena and Pyroar are rivals. This would allude to the bitter hatred lions and hyenas have for one another in the real world.  

TrueGreen7 created an awesome Dark/Ground type evolved form for Mightyena known as Babaryena.  Loved it.
I wish there was an Opossum Pokemon :(
P l a t y p u s
    Isn't Golduck kind of platypus-y? I think he counts.
A lynx? For some reason people keep claiming the Shinx line are lynxes even though they don't have ear tufts *or* short tails (and are obviously lions)? Which feels like the equivalent of making a giraffe Pokémon with a short neck and no spots.
    I would love a lynx Pokémon (that isn’t bipedal like meowscarada, even though I don’t think that’s a lynx)! And a snow leopard! And an ocelot! I want all the wild cat Pokémon and I want them to keep all their paws on the ground!! Luxray and Liepard look so cool I want more of them
        We do have a snow leopard as of now- Chien-Pao! :D But I definitely wouldn't mind another one (I'd maybe make it Ice/Ghost due to how snow leopards sometimes seem to vanish into thin air, giving them the nickname "ghost of the mountain").
            Oh right!! I forget about the S/V legendaries bc I never caught them- I should go do that haha! I love the idea of an ice/ghost snow leopard though, that has the potential to be so badass
    The Sprigatito line is also there, though, albeit more circumstantially (but Meowscarada makes the strongest case).
    They are clearly lynxes though, Shinx's name comes from lynx in both japanese and english, plus their X-ray vision is clearly a reference to how Lynxes were often believed to have supernatural eyesight in multiple cultures (including greek and norse mythology)
Peacocks  unless you count quaquaval as one.
Narwhals, manatees, hammerheads, and whale sharks need some love.
A REAL Komodo looking Dragon
I know psyduck and golduck have platypus inspiration, but Psyduck is more duck inspired and Golduck is more Kappa inspired. I want a more true Platypus-mon.
Wildebeest, capybara, osprey, coyote, antelope, llama, moose, ox, dolphin, possum, sea snake, horny toad, tapir, wolverine, and many more
    Dolphin now exists as of Gen 9 with finizen/palofin, drowzee/hypno/munna/musharna are all tapirs
Lobster? A water/bug?

Moose? Maybe grass/rock?
    Are Corphish and Crawdaunt not lobsters?
        They'd be closer to crayfish, I think.
        Corphish and Crawdaunt are crawdads, but Clawitzer resembles a lobster kind of!
            Clawitzer is a pistol shrimp.
We don't have a moose. Somehow. Ting-Lu doesn't really count IMO
Narwhals! I want an ocean unicorn!
I think an emu or ostrich, a proper kangaroo, praying mantis, Luna moth, Jesus lizard, THE MOOSE OF ALL THINGS, reindeer, a proper platypus, and gecko.

For mythical and legendary: the Moth-man and other cryptid creatures.
    Espartha is an ostrich, honestly so is Dodrio. That’s 2
Other dinosaurs really like the Stegosaurus, Ichtyosaurus or the Therizinosaurus.

Wait actually, a terror bird pokemon would work
I'm still waiting for a leech Pokemon. You could argue that the Tynamo line may draw some inspiration from leeches, but they're clearly primarily based on lampreys and electric eels. 


For yokai, I'm really surprised there isn't a kasa-obake Pokemon. They're a relatively popular and well-known yokai with plenty of quirkiness that would make them fit in perfectly as Pokemon. 
I would love to see a [caracal](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caracal) Pokémon.  That’s the animal that [Floppa](https://amp.knowyourmeme.com/memes/big-floppa) is.
    I love Floppa he is so precious :D
It would be cool if they made a Pokémon based on the African wild dog. 😁 Oh, and also one based entirely on a raccoon!
    We don't have a racoon based Pokémon...? WE DON'T HAVE A RACOON OR TANOOKI BASED POKÉMON!!!!
Dentists
    Excadrill
Platypus and Echidna.
Stingray
    This was what I was going to type! Stingrays are my favorite animal, and I've been praying for one since I picked up the series in gen 3. There so many different and unique looking species to take inspiration from too. Gimme one based on a cownose stingray and I can die happy
We need a flying fish pokemon that’s water/flying. Anything from the Exocoetidae family works
We are still missing a Jaguar, ocelot, Quetzal bird, any kind of pterossaur, flying fish, chimera, pegasus,  most animals from the megafauna,  velociraptor, dilophossaur, a bunch of yokai and mythical creatures from Japan and China,  sawfish,  hammerhead shark, and a bunch of other animals.
Naked mole rat

chipmunk

miniature horse

guinea pig

capybara

ring tailed lemur

tardigrade

black panther

komodo dragon

fruit bat

anole lizard (with the cool throat frill thingy)
The velvet worm could be a really cool Pokemon

Doduo is kind of a roadrunner, but I think there could be a good representation of that

And the potential for more fossil Pokemon is huge, so idk why there aren't some with every gen
I'm losing my mind in this comment section. People are naming animals I've never even heard of so I Google it and im like wtf is that a giraffe adjacent or something?? 

There are apparently a lot of animals I've never heard of before, but now I want Pokemon representations for all of them, living and extinct.
I really want a vampire squid. That creature already feels like a pokemon just as is, it has so much design potential if made into an actual one!
Housefly, mosquito and cockroach. I know they are pests but very common not like Cutiefly (fairy?), and found in other dimensions Buzzwole (buff mosquito?), and Pheromosa (pretty and elegant cockroach?). And these are dimensional beasts?

Not sure if my spellings and terms are correct. Not playing much since Sun and Moon, too lazy to search.
Hammerhead shark. NO EXPLANATION NEEDED
    Water/Steel 100%
insects, there are way too few insect pokemon for the ginormous amount of insect species
    Plenty of insects to be had for sure.  I just wish there were more than a couple that were actually usable in game.  Arguably a bugs greatest usefulness is against psychic types and yet psychic gyms always fall past the point of carrying a bug Pokemon on the team.
Possum. It can play dead AND it's immune to venom of many snakes and scorpions
I can't belive it took them this long to make a dolphin. And it sucks.
I can think of a fair few.

* Several varieties of large cat e.g. snow leopards, mountain lions, jaguars, cheetahs (Zeraora *might* be cheetah-ish) (also Chien-Pao's kinda sneppy but there's also clearly some weasel and sabre-tooth tiger in there)
* Coyotes, dingos, wild dogs, etc.
* Not sure there are any antelopes, Virizion and Cobalion might count but they’re kinda ambiguous
* *Many* types of bird, and as a Canadian I’d be remiss if I didn’t mention geese, puffins and loons in particular
* Also speaking of things I’d be remiss if I didn’t mention as a Canadian: moose
* ~~Red pandas are best pandas~~ Bewear you fool
* Not sure there are any monitor lizards (*maybe* Cyclizar?)
* Don’t think there’s any martens
* Possums and opossums are MIA
* A civet might be cool
* ~~We don’t have any camels~~ Camerupt you fool
* ~~Don’t think there’s any marmots~~ Pawmot you fool
* Don’t think there’s any yaks, kinda see a bit of it in Piloswine but the name would suggest it’s more boar-influenced (also maybe Terrakion)
* I think there might be a bit of llama in Arceus but it’s not the whole distance
* No okapis, which are some of the most pokemon-ass animals in existence
honestly cant wait til we get to an oceania inspired region so we can get all the animals that come with that. platypus, emu, kiwi, kakapo, tuatara, echidna, an ACTUAL kangaroo etc, etc
I would love to see a hummingbird Pokémon, or on a very related note, a hummingbird moth Pokémon (don't see that one happening as it's very specific), a secretary bird Pokémon would also be pretty cool
Wait is psyduck not a platypus? 🫣
I know psyduck is called a duck but he LOOKS platypus inspired . anyways I need to see isopod pokemon !
    Golisopd is based on an Isopod.
        just looked him up ! he's super cool but looks more like a terrestrial isopod !! I'd love a more aquatic looking one but I can't be too picky
            He’s actually based on a Deep Sea Isopod. The pre evolution Wimpod is more aquatic looking but also more closely resembles a Horseshoe Crab.
                I love wimpod !! It's really cool to have a deap sea isopod pokemon then ! I'm a huge fan of them and get to brag abt smth new
Psyduck is a platypus. Yes it’s true.
I’m surprised there still isn’t a raccoon Pokémon.

Dinosaurs and similar Other Reptiles:
Baryonix
Elasmosaurus
Longuisqama
Mosasaurus
Oviraptor
Parasauroluphus (and other crested duckbills)
Saltasaurus
Spinosaurus
Triceratops

Dog breeds:
Chowchow
Irish Wolfhound
Pitbull

Fish:
Beta/Fighting Fish
Bull Shark (or other sharks that live around the underwater volcano)
*and also an apex predator that is bigger than Sharpedo
Flying Fish (scrapped Beta design)
Whale Shark

Marine Mammals:
Humpback Whale
Narwhal (possible Dewgong evolution)

Other Mammals:
Antelope, Gazelle, Springbok (they look similar)
Water Buffalo
Yak

Reptiles:
Gharial
Komodo Dragon (bulky male counterpart Salazzle?)
I ain't reading through all of these comments BUT gimme a binturong Pokémon.
Peacock is still open no?
* Capybara
* Iguana
* Virus or Bacteria
* Cuttlefish
* Stork

(I might be wrong on some of these. This is just from the top of my head)
Waiting for a Chubacabra and Sasquatch Pokémon. Keep the Mon in pokémon.
Llamas and alpacas, sun bears, whale sharks, harpy eagles, there's a lot.
Kangaroo.  Kangaskan doesn't count!
    Big agree
I really want a three line Golden Retriever.  I know were all sick of the dogs but I just want one to name after with my dog and play with him.  Typing could be like Normal/Water since they were originally bred to be waterfowl hunting dogs. Affection could be the main evolution method since they are pop culturally known for being family oriented and people dogs. Conversely they would fit in well in a region based on California and the contiguous western US which itself has rich biodiversity and folkloric traditions \*cough cough\* Bigfoot.
    >I really want a three line Golden Retriever. 

This but for Labrador. Would be cool to have three diffemet forms based on black, golden and chocolate labs. Probably purely aesthetic but would be a cute idea.
        You could really group them like the paladean tauros truly
            That would be sick, a black lab that was dark/normal and made out of shadow, a golden lab that was steel/normal and made out of gold, and a chocolate lab that was fairy/normal and made out of chocolate would be a sick divergent evo tree for a puppy prevo (Labradorable)
Caecilian 

Dont look up.
    Why? They basically just blind, legless salamanders.
I wish for more dinosaur types if I’m honest. An ankylosaur would be epic.
Over 1000 Pokémon and not a single one is a Stegosaurus
I was going to say flamingoes, dolphins and peacocks, then i remembered we got all of those in Gen 9.
Not an animal, but I'd love to see the Javan Cucumber get a pokemon design, specifically the seeds because of the way they fly when dispersed. 

There are quite a bit of birds I'd love to see, like the male King of Saxony, Secretary Bird, and Royal Flycatcher.
Goblin Shark, Comb Jellyfish
Pokémon has ducks and swans but no geese
Is there a Coyote Pokemon? I'm not too familiar with anything past Gen 4
Gamefreak is trying to build the next pokedex on reddit
Griffin / Pegasus. I realize that Rapidash hits the unicorn niche but I want the full nine yards with wings. Griffins too feel like a missed opportunity. 

I'd also like to explicitly see a bluejay Pokémon. Corviknight line you could excuse as a bluejay, but it's a stretch because it's really only tangentially inspired by THAT specific corvid.
Giant Squid 

Also, would LOVE a legendary Pokémon inspired by a Kraken.
Do we have a honey badger yet?
A maned wolf pokemon would be cool, they look so unique!
Absolutely stunned that we still don’t have a house fly Pokémon!
There's already sharks, but I want to see a megalodon fossil
Lots of basic birds are still overlooked. Like a magpie, a blackbird, a great tit, chaffinch. Also doves, grouse (although Unfeazant tackles thr commonly mistake pheasant).


Also there's plenty more fish in the sea... to take inspiration from. Do we have a flying fish that glides? Not like Mantine, more fishy-er?
more dogs are always welcome , so why not continue the good dog best friend train with a legendary or mythical pokemon based on Cerberus.
    I think they’ve gotten as close to hell dog as they feel comfortable with Houndoom.
I know there are a bunch of dog pokemon but I think we need a labrador water/normal dog
Capybara. How could you not make something so cute into a pokemon? And it's a rodent, so you could technically make it the regional electric rodent.
I don't think we have a Capybara yet.... i think?

And Hummingbird,Kangaroo and Moose

Llama and Alpacas would be really cool too, ngl - that's something i'd love to see happen

Also not real world, but more mons based off cryptids/myths/legends and such would be really cool (Dunno what, since i don't know what's been done and haven't done yet)
We need more parrots. I know we just got Squawkabilly (Quaker parrot/monk parakeet), and we also had Chatot (generic(?) parrot), but there are quite a lot of parrots in real life. What about a cockatoo or cockatiel? An Electric/Flying Pokémon named Shockatoo is just begging to be created.
    or a parakeet/budgie
Are there any capybaras yet?
At least 8.7 million minus 1025.
There’s lots of animals that have only been represented once in Pokémon that I feel they could make at least another one and be able to make it different enough, such as a kangaroo that is a fighting type and has higher speed than Kangaskhan.
I want more sea animal pokemon, i made some up and eventually wanna make pokedex entries for them
We need a Stegosaurus pokemon!
Like 99% of them, but the problem is that 90% would be Bug and 9% would be Water
I think there's so much untapped potential for more pokemon based on cryptids, I'd love to see one based on Mothman or something
a flying sky bison
    Yip-yip.
    Someone's been watching Avatar
A mythical creature I’d like to see is a Jackalope.
I don't know all the most recent one, but i have yet to see an orca pokemon
Opossum
Is psyduck not a platypus?
Wait.....psyduck isn't a platypus? I refuse to believe it isn't. I've thought it was this whole time
Psyduck is a platypus.
Psyduck isn’t technically a platypus, but it’s a platypus.. moreso than a duck.
The day that we get a screaming opossum Pokémon will be the day that I die from happiness.
An opossum. I’ve seen some fun concepts fans have come up with, it could work!
Narwhal
Most Australian animals?
Kangaroo, kookaburra, platypus, echidna, Tasmanian tiger or devil just to name a few
I think a marlin-based fish pokemon would be pretty sweet. Also some kind of narwhal would be awesome
Ghost or Dark type Opossum please!
Psyduck is a platypus.
~~Are we counting panthers?  We have leopards, but not panthers...~~ Edit: Forgot about Chien-Pao.

They could just go [Michael Scott.](https://youtu.be/FFgvlgyONtI?si=yz5OJIdsZ-fxkizM&t=31)
Capybara

Cockroach (Pheromosa 👎🏽)

Sea Snake

Swordfish

Tardigrade
Funnily enough, Tigers. We have seen leopards. We have lions. Generic panthers. Ambiguous big and small cats but no straight-up tigers. Hell, we've got a lion dog with TIGER STRIPES, but not an actual tiger. You would think that since they share the title of most popular big cat with the lion that, Game Freak would have put in a few by now.
https://preview.redd.it/vmpbt5eqflpc1.jpeg?width=514&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=a8095091e1634efc95e1e588821d67a914df0a80
Mosquito. I’d love a bug/ghost family that starts as a mosquito and evolves into a bug like vampire. They both suck blood — they could have an Ability that boosts their HP absorbing moves.
what animal is this supposed to be? is it actually not a platypus like I've thought my entire life?

https://preview.redd.it/lv5i73mdoypc1.png?width=475&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6e0d3035c87faf5c835cde187b3519cd0868f16a
I would like to see a hippocampus pokemon, a sugar glider, pterosaur, velociraptor, or a red panda/opossum. And a pokemon based off of the streaked tenrec would be cool.
I'd love to see a prehensile tailed porcupine Pokemon.
Psyduck is a platypus. First Gen took care of that animal
A three stage evolution, and each step they get *smaller*.
    I want this to happen so badly
        I would love to have a two inch Pokemon that just destroys the competition.
            200 base speed
                201 just to fuck over Regieleki
            *looks in my pants*

*smiles*
                [looks into your pants from over your shoulder](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/GD8ZEfAW0AAVOX8.jpg:large)
                    I fucking ugly cackled you monster.
    Holy shit I love that as a concept
    Speed Boost and Sap Sipper as its normal abilities, please.
        With Levitate as a hidden ability
    Oh man, I want it to use Oricorio's Nectars as evo items for different typing and coloration!!!
I know it’s a bug but I thought Cutiefly was hummingbird based, turns out it based on something called a “bee fly,” I love the creativity of Pokemon haha
    Beeflies are so weird. I saw one before I had heard of them, it was like encountering an insect from a parallel fantasy universe.
Fuck that is a missed one, I can't believe they didn't make a hummingbird Pokémon even in first gen, they already look mythical.
    Zapdos kinda looks like a very pissed hummingbird
        A buzzingbird?
            Stealing for my own pokemon universe! Thank you!
            >buzzingbird?

Shame we never got some sort of Electric Vulture, really.  *Buzz*ard writes itself.
        Like the wasp version to the hummingbird-bee.
That would be awesome to have a humming bird pokemon ❤
    A hummingbird would be a great first stage Evo of the regional bird.
        Or like Oricorio - different types depending on items
    I want it to be big tho
I feel like it would be cool if Chatot got a baby form that's a hummingbird
    I think it should be an evolution with a higher BST. "tot" in "Chatot" implies it's already a baby form.
        I think it’s the “ot” from parrot, no?
            Chat as in chatter because it talks and ot like a parrot yeah
        The game is japanese and the actual name is in Romaji is Perap, a combination from Parrot and Perapera, which has no implication of it being a baby.
        Chat + (Parr)ot. Thankfully, having "tot" as a side effect of that has zero meaning. Otherwise Cofagrigus would be an awful name.
    I’d rather it get a proper evolution, it’s a darn shame both of the parrot Pokémon are single stage with garbage BSTs, I tried to make squawkabilly work so hard but those stats just hold it back so much, granted it’ll probably make attempting a solo run with it more interesting.
        Squawkabilly would be cool if it had 4 different evos.

Rockstar, Gangster, Pirate, and i cant think of a 4th one.
Humming bird Dragon for the Mexico region
We need a hummingbird as a regional bird.
I thought zapdos was a hummingbird
porygon z kinda does that but yeah
Undersea and abyssal creatures too. Still no legendary poke kraken
I had a hummingbird fire type pokemon idea with a chili pepper motif, for my California region.
This was my first thought as well, and we really need one. We have our first Dolphin now but I'd love a beluga whale. Do something fun with that head-bump please.
    It's gotta be psychic surely
        It can even be a supervillain, Superman vs Brainiac.
            Echolock, the Whale warlock to Palafin's Dolphin paladin.
                Warphin. Type(s): Water/Dark. Ability: Illusion, Hidden Ability: Good as Gold. Base Stats: 100 HP/87 Atk/100 Def/160 SpAtk/106 SpDef/100 Spd. Egg Groups: Field/Water 2. 















Pokedex: Entry A:This pokemon spends its days among the Finizen of its natural habitat. When a Palafin reveals itself, this normally peaceful pokemon embraces its dark and scheming tendencies until either itself or the Palafin perish in combat. Entry B: This pokemon spends its days among a council of Finizen, but hold a rivaly to Palafin resembling that of a Seviper and Zangoose.
                    I’d give it a signature ability called “Hidden Malice” that plays with the idea it’s in disguise and has another form with reduced stats but damage reduction until it attacks
            Genius!!
    tbh, Brazil, Colombia or Patagonia would make great regions
        Yes definately. We've had 2 American states and 3 european countries now, while the series started with Japanese regions. Time for some Southern America, Africa or Oceania.

EDIT: something like India or Arabia could be awesome as well.
            I'm a bit biased because I'm brazilian myself, but hell yeah a Brazil based region would be amazing!
                At least you have Quaquaval now.
                    I mean, it is a brazilian reference, yes. But I still imagine Gamefreak can do a lot more here.  
We have some interesting endemic animals that would work greatly as Pokémon. Knowing past games tho, GF might still bring animals from other places, Hawaii doesn't have koalas nor toucans lol.   
The capybara would be cool as it is a popular animal currently, specially in Japan apparently.  
The Harpy Eagle would be an awesome bird Pokémon, it can be the final stage Route 1 bird or something akin to Braviary, who knows.  
Regional forms would be fun too, like a 'brazilian' Toucannon, or a 'brazilian' Drowzee (we have Tapirs here too).   
For Starter Pokémon, I can imagine a fire snake that turns into the mythical Boi Tatá, a fire spirit that looks like a giant snake.   
I could think of more but I'm not feeling super creative rn haha.
            Sadly that most likely will never happen as Japan, Europe and the US will always be the major economies that all companies will cater constantly.

Left handed products are almost nonexistent? Yeah, why even bother appealing to minorities in this economy.
    Haven’t we had gorebyss for a while?
        Gorebyss is an eel. That said, Kyogre is partly based on orcas, which are dolphins. Finizen and Palafin are our first bottlenoses
They're saving it for the south american based region.
    Pokémon Crime 🔫 & Pokémon Corruption 💰

(I'm from South America)
        Pokemon Surf and Pokemon Turf
            Pokemon Bra and Pokemon zil

🇧🇷🏆🏆🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🏆🏆⚽️⚽️🏆🏆🏆🏆😁😁🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷☝☝☝🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷☝☝⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🏆🏆🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
                Something tells me Pokemon Bra would be a lot more popular
                    We could finally [discover the secret.](https://www.reddit.com/media?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreview.redd.it%2F3v9rxuln1an51.png%3Fauto%3Dwebp%26s%3D6e3a02a4ccf8d251a4e204135fcbba4f69ed87a7)
                Pokemon 7 and Pokemon 1 /s
                    Saved for the German release DLC.
                🙁Pokémon Meh😒& 🥵Pokemon Xico🥵 CeroCampèão 🤘🏼☝🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥉🤭🏆🫵🏽🙌🏾👏🏻💪🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥳🥉🏅
        The legendary would be a squid or an octopus, lol.
            With 9 tentacles lol
    A degu will evolve into a capybara
    Why would they need to?  Last I checked zebras aren't hanging around Manhattan.
        Central Park zoo begs to differ
Listen to this person Gamefreak. Give us the clappyblappy's we DESERVE
Water type starter or regional normal mammal
A Capybara pokemon that is so unaware that it cannot even be hurt by opponents attacks and is so chill that it can freeze opponents
If we ever get a south america based region we'll get it at route 1
They already look like a Pokemon
There almost was one Gen 1. Got cut.
    Dang
        Yeah. It looked cool.
I wish Gobfin was a Pokemon😪
    I had to stop myself from commenting on another comment saying we don't have chickens with "What about Chikipi?"
        Gen three fire starter
            Twisted firestarter.
                *bangs head *
Holy cow I just looked up a photo of that! What a cool shark, yes we need this as a Pokémon!
Isn’t that gible?
We dont even have a FULL shark as a pokemon.


SHARPEDO IS MISSING ITS BACK HALF. DONT @ ME
Which made me think Peru would make an amazing setting for a Pokemon game. A ghost type Tumi would be fantastic. The main character could have a bunch of different colored chullos.
    Have you seen the fan project pokemon sage? South American based region. So many cool designs!
        Name? Or is it called "Sage"?
            [pokemon sage wiki](https://pokemon-fan-game.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_Sage) here you go! They had demo out years ago. They have a discord server and I think they are still working on it slowly. I love their fakemon tho!
    If we're talking South America, I'd love to see a region based on Brazil.  You have enormous diversity, two massive cities, and the biggest ethnic Japanese population in the world outside of Japan.

One wish list item would be a Kanto-town in the game's equivalent of São Paulo with its own mini-Indigo League and people cosplaying the Kanto gym leaders.  It would be a creative way to feature Kanto in a way that makes sense with the game and real-world lore.
Melpaca
    Oh that makes me realize that its design is so good it could fit into either game
Who tf is counting Arceus as an alpaca?
    Who isn't?! lol
        It's a llama!
            A llama? He's supposed to be dead!!
                Yeah... Weird...
            I'm going to go with Vicuña
                Not guanaco?
            An L L Ama? what's the heck is a L L Ama?
    I am now!
    Those who worship alpacas as their god.
    What else would it be?
Is there a Pokemon based on the Dodo? That should be in there too
    There’s Doduo and Dodrio, but nothing else since Gen 3 I think. That could be a fun take since it could be done in a unique way more aligned with the actual animal in terms of design
        They’re kind of just based on them in name, they don’t really look like dodos at all.
        It would also be a missed opportunity not to make a dodo inspired mon a fossil
        That's name only, they're really closer in design to ratites (emus, ostriches, etc).  The dodo was more closely related to pigeons.
Rhinoceros is covered with rhyhorn
    True, but we’ve had half a dozen cats and dogs and other animals in Pokémon, Rhyhorn appears in plenty of games. 

But it’s a Gen 1 Pokémon, and there haven’t been any new or rhino inspired Pokémon for over 20 years. Unless you want to include Rhyperior, which is just another evolution to Rhyhorn.

Personally I wouldn’t even mind a Rhinoceros/Triceratops Pokémon line.
        Maybe a regional Rhyhorn, and because they kept getting hunted for their horns, they're super smooth like river pebbles.
        >Bramble Cay Melomys.

Honestly for the white rhinos or black rhinos (and i get it if you dont like this thought) a new split regional variant of rhyhorn
        Now I’m imagining a Rhino that gains horns on Evolution:

Rhinotops >> Binotops >> Trinocerous
    Tbf, that's an unevolved Pokemon, and the fully evolved Pokemon are bipedal so arguably not even really rhinos at that point.
    Rhyhorn is more Kaiju than anything.
Neither Black nor White rhinoceros are extinct
What if

Reshiram and Zekrom, but Rhinoceros
Legends potential? Early human interactions with pokemon, with the challenge of not having pokeballs?
    Literally all I’m thinking about is a Pokémon Legends concept where you have to manually tame Pokémon individually and just have them walk around with you. Maybe Have a farm where they all hang out since there’s no storage system.

I’m honestly super stoked by the idea

Imagine having to just feed Pokémon berries like an enthusiastic Steve Irwin, waiting to see if it’ll get aggro on you before you need to run. 

The only downside would be you’d have to manually go back and forth to your farm to switch out Pokémon without a storage system

But honestly if the story isn’t about battling, I would be okay with having 1 partner Pokémon at a time and just recording Pokémon in the wild
>Stegosaurus, Dromeosaurs

Technically (depending on what you want to believe the Draco- fossil was originally), Galar is a glass half-full in that regard—or half-empty, in my eyes. Alternatively, Archen and Archeops are at least maniraptorans.
I think the "drago" half of the Galar fossils was meant to be a kentrosarus. Pretty sad that that's the closest we have gotten to a stegosaurus pokemon tho.
Mosasaurs and Stegosaurs my beloved

2 of my favorite ARK creatures
Yes, we could use more whale and orca pokemon
    We just got one in cetitan, don't think we will see another one next gen
Or a humpback whale! It could be a sound-based pokemon or a flying whale trope poke!
    Wailord
        You are right, Wailord has all the "less dense than air" thing going, but I was imagining a winged whale (since also megaptera means big wing)
I think the problem is the sperm
    Hey! Infertility is a sensitive subject these days.
    We have Pokemon based on far "worse" things than an animal with sperm in its name.
    Cachalot
    Humpbukk, the sperm whale pokémon. It's not uncommon to see several male Humpbukk gather together around a single female for some sort of ritual.
    I've heard that before
    The sperm whale Pokémon must be male exclusive.
I'm that same vein I wouldn't mind a beluga!
Oh my God yes thank you. Orca's are my favorite animal I would kill to have an orca pokemon. Fingers crossed for Gen 10
Call him Spermo
Pretty sure orcas are considering the apex predators of the ocean now.
Shiny cetitan is my current sub in until we get a proper orca
Despite having one head, there are plenty of Cerberus parallels in the Houndour line.
    Could be a third stage for it.
        That would be brilliant tbh
        Cerburneros
            Hounderus
    You just made me think that they could introduce the fact that some Legendary mons are actually some kind of Primal/Mega of existing Pokemon. I will call it Ascended for the sake of consistency.

Some Pokémon are born Ascended, and some are elevated to the state of Ascended, something which can only be done specifically by Ho-Oh, which is based on a Phoenix.

- Raikou/Entei/Suicune being ascended Jolteon/Flareon/Vaporeon
- Diance being ascended Carbink
- A Cerberus-like Pokémon being ascended Houndoom
- A Pegasus-like Pokémon being ascended Rapidash

It would be very interesting to see a concept like that in a Johto remake, or in something like Legends Celebi.
        Gen 10 is rumored to take place either in Australia or Greece right? If Greece then that would be a good time to introduce the Cerberus and Pegasus pokemon.
    I was surprised that they didn't give Mega Houndoom at least some armor resembling additional heads. Although I guess that might have made it look too similar to the Cerberus-themed "'mon" from that certain other series.
Gryphon/Cerberus legendary duo??
    That would honestly be really cool!
Has there been a Pegasus yet?
    No, and now that we have a unicorn Ponyta varient, they should do a flying type one with wings.
    When they announced Galarian Ponyta, I was kinda hoping Rapidash would turn into some sort of Unicorn Pegasus thing (they're called Alicorns if I'm not wrong)
Pokemon seems resistant to just lifting species from Greek mythology. When a mon takes inspiration from Greek mythology it usually has a lot of other sources (like Hydrapple being a worm-infested candy apple or Primarina being a circus seal). It makes sense; Pokemon doesn't want to be compared to God of War or the countless other fantasy RPGs where you mainly fight Greek mythological monsters.
Shocked Mega Houndoom didn't get a Cerberus theme. Instead it just looks weirdly anime.

Hydreigon is Hydra, obviously, and Misdreavus brings in mind Medusa's head as well as banshees so there's definitely Greek mythology knowledge, they just haven't figured out how to use it for those, I guess?
Houndoom is....wait you're right huh
I imagined a cerberus to be ghost/water because of styx or a ghost/steel type because Hades was a god of wealth and minerals (Pluto coming from Greek Πλούτων meaning "the wealthy one", hence plutocracy)
My favourite idea for this would be a convergent Snorlax based on tardigrades. It works so well on so many levels, right down to the nickname of the tardigrade being the water bear.
    Logstin and grogginess did a reneculous tartigrade form a while back and it was amazing
    Water snorlax with access to mudshot. I can hear Pogo players complaining already.
    Or a regional Reuniclus
Speaking of which... you'd think there would be microscopic Pokemon. Maybe the next professor will have the genius idea to use a microscope and the next gen gimmick could be becoming smol.
    Could give some proper backstory to the Pokerus. Imagine the Pokerus is just a viral pokemon this whole time. Viruses already look so bizarre in the real world, would easily make a perfect pokemon.
        It wouldn’t even be that unusual having a game aspect be a Pokémon, considering we are multiple generations into people walking around with Rotom phones and ‘dexes without blinking an eye. Honestly, in universe it makes no sense that you would even blackout when running out of your six Pokémon, considering you have a ghost electric type right there in your pocket
    I really think we just need some pest pokemon. It's wild we don't have flies, worms, and ants that are that milimeter size. Make some little guys that evolve in a swarm, or a little guy that evolves in certain specific condition, so we never have giga-flys or anything. 

Even better, make it a special pokemon only caught whenever you interact with a trashcan. "You obtained a ROTTEN BERRY. Use ROTTEN BERRY?"
"FLY was added to your party."
    Pokemon all the way down
    'Honey, I shrunk the kids' crossover confirmed. A sleeping Snorlax blocking the road becomes a 'God of War'-style behemoth boss battle. Absolute unit.
Gesundheit
    This was represented with Cubchoo.
I had an idea for that awhile ago.

Give it an ability which triggers once per battle that's basically Revival Blessing.

So the first time it's knocked out in a battle, it returns to it's pokeball and can be sent out again later with half health.
Give it Wonder Guard and Immunity as abilities
I'm imagining a water/normal type with a special defense equivalent to Fur Coat. It would be a fun way to represent its nature as an extremophile.
I thought Reuniclus was based on the tardigrade. Hmm.🤔
I doodled a whole set of Fearsome Critter Pokémon some years ago! I’d love to see an Appalachian Region full of them!
    A hidebehind pokemon would be rad as hell, especially as like a roaming legendary
        One of my ideas combined the Hidebehind and Wendigo into a Pokémon called Weredigo (“Where did it go?”)! I had some gimmick ability for it but I don’t remember what it was. Maybe it set up a substitute when it entered battle or something like that?
        I had no idea what this was and am so glad I googled it
We have Sableye, based on the Hopkinville Goblin, why don't we have a Sableye evolution based on the Flatwoods monster?
Fairy/Dark Mothman. I know Slaking kinda counts but a Sasquatch could be a good idea for a Normal/Ghost type.
SQUONK SQUONK SQUONK SQUONK
cactus cat would go so hard as a pokemon. no changes literally just 1 to 1
Sooo many cool things could be done with that.

A spooky ghost type area like that one haunted mansion or the pokemon tower, and inside you find weird cryptid ghosts.

A 'safari zone' type area and instead of just housing rare pokemon, you also find these weird cryptids lurking. Maybe with some plot about being the first to go in and document them.

Or what about all those alternate dimensions and time/space rifts or whatever players keep getting sent to lately? Imagine instead of going somewhere just for one Ultra Beast or one really big Chansey, you encounter this other world where all the Pokemon are *weird*.
So ugly that it lowers the morale (accuracy) of all other Pokémon upon entering battle.
Clawitzer?
    Clawitzer is a pistol shrimp
        It's easy to mix up the two coolest shrimp in existence, I guess.
        Imagine a regional Clawitzer that just has a massive bicep and fist
    Mantis shrimp are more flamboyant
A convergent species from fomantis/lurantis would be cool actually.
Or alnklosuarus
    Torterra has the mace tail.
        https://preview.redd.it/1uf0a2q15cpc1.jpeg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=4029abe7f10ea9bcc289223f48fa3104e485b4b0
            I must have got it confused. Torterra only has the head and Grotle has the shell.
Gouging fire is sorta triceratops like but not really
    Gouging Fire is a Styracosaurus

On the complete opposite side of the Ceratopsid family tree
The Entei paradox Pokémon from the newest game is a triceratops
    It's a Styracosaurus
    Gouging Fire is a Styracosaurus, not a Triceratops

On the complete opposite side of the Ceratopsid family tree

You can tell when something isn't a Triceratops by remembering what its name means, "Three horned face"

If it don't got 3 horns, it ain't Triceratops
        Okay but I doubt we're getting, like, an albertosaurine fossilmon anytime soon because these are the sorts of distinctions only us paleo-dweebs care about
It’s kind of amazing that the first fossil Pokemon were an ammonite and a trilobite (though to be fair, they were joined by the more famous pterodactyl.) 

It wasn’t even until Gen 6 that we got a T-Rex.
My favourite dinosaur is Parasaurolophus and it would be a dream come true if they made a pokemon based on that 😭
We got half a stegosaur lol
I think the bottom half of Dracozolt is supposed to be a stegosaurus in its correct form. Too bad we never got to see the correct version of the Gen 8 fossil Pokemon.
We need a Rock Electric Triceratops Pokemon whos horns are shaped like a plug.

There IS NO OTHER WAY TO DO ONE
    I had come up with a fakemon design of an electric triceratops with that exact idea
        EXACTLY. ITS THE BESY WAY TO DO THAT
We didn't get a proper earthworm Pokemon until the most recent generation despite worms being such a "basic" and fundamental creature. 


We've gotten rock snakes, regular snakes, lampreys and eels, caterpillars and larvae, slugs, and wyrms, but never a good old worm kind of worm until Gen 9. 


I'll be very disappointed but also somewhat not surprised since it'd be classic GameFreak if we don't get an actual housefly for another few generations. 
Cutiefly maybe? Or is that a mosquito?
    Bee fly
        I really think we need a Bug/Ghost mosquito and a Bug/Dark housefly. Also a Bug/Dark cockroach.
            Just for laughs, give the cockroach Wonder Guard.
we do have Cutiefly/Ribombee, but those are housefly-adjacent, not strictly a housefly.
    They're bee flies.
        they're cute is what they are.
I always felt the Pokémon world is the ideal place to live in. If Game Freak starts adding tiny houseflies, mosquitoes and other little buggers in Pokémon then nope, thank you.
It’s because all the other Pokémon in the house keep the population at a minimum eating them
Have it start out as a regular fly and then it evolves into a Bug/Dark Beelzebub thing
Housefly could pull off the first Normal/Bug type?
Koraidon has a pretty heavy iguana basis methinks
    I didn't even consider that but you're right.
How could you forget poor Kecle- No wait, Kecleon's a Chameleon. ...come to think of it, how do we have THREE chameleon mons already but not an iguana?
    Charmeleon, Kecleon, …?

Edit: I forgot about Intelleon lol
        To be fair to Intelleon its more of a Basilisk Lizard.

Sobble's the chameleon.
We have 2 very malnourished leopards.

That's basically having cheetahs.
    Chien pao is weasel malnourished level.
We have the torchic line for chickens

Zapdos could possibly be a humming bird
    Zapdos being a hummingbird makes me uncomfortable, but I can't argue against it
    Zapdos is a garuda bird. It lacks the wingspan to flip those gigantic wings like a hummingbird. But yeah, pretty close
        Is it not based off the Native American thunderbird?
            That too
    Yeah but torchic is more like a baby chick and Blaziken too humanoid. We need a single stage chicken pokemon to explain how people eat egg products in the pokemon world, like miltank with milk
        This is intriguing because now Pokemon breeding would completely fall into question. But also Chansey line has a bunch of eggs so that could be the egg solution. Miltank milk and Chansey eggs
            Correct me if I'm wrong, but in the anime Chansey is already the egg solution, no?
        all pokemon lay eggs :)
    Zapdos is a pretty literal thunderbird--which I've always seen as eagle-like, but Zapdos physically looks like a heron or crane to me.
Chicken is the Torchic line (chick, chicken, weird chicken)
    They're based on [shamo chickens](https://www.poultryclub.org/breeds/chickens/asian-hard-feather/ko-shamo/) specifically, which is why they look weirdly humanoid. The JP names are achamo, wakashamo, and bashamo.
    Chick, chicken, man in chicken suit
Ting-lu is a moose
    Ting-Lu is an elk, not a moose.
narwhal evo for dewgong would be fantastic. water fairy or water fighting or both.
I'd love to have a moose and a platypus pokemon!
Narwhal is kind of repped by Cetitan. 
    Dewgong’s horn is also Narwhal-inspired.
I’m pretty sure Cetitan was said to be based on a Narwhal but I could be wrong
Have you not seen the Moltres rubber chicken meme?
How could you forget my goat the kickboxing fire chicken Blaziken?
Psyduck is already a platypus Pokémon despite its name while the Torchic line has chicken covered and Ting-Lu is a moose made out of dirt.
    Psyduck is definitely not a platypus. It doesn't even have the right tail.
    I thought Psyduck is supposed to be a rubber ducky, and Golduck is based on Kappas, neither really have platypus traits besides the duck bill.
Came here to say this. Underrepresented! Finally got one in ACNH
https://preview.redd.it/7vy6fk4klbpc1.jpeg?width=650&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=0517286d865e9808f00bbf8d7d5a7c0bec3adcdf
    Introducing rabahorse
omg red panda... stufful is the closest but I would prefer a chunkier and redder one.
    Spinda is a drunk red panda*

Well apparently Spinda is based on a panda bear subspecies that's brown and white instead of black and white. But in the game Spinda is red and white, so... a literal red panda I guess?
        Spinda is actually supposed to be a qinling panda, which a type of giant panda
White ears, black belly, raccoon tail, the classic red panda defense posture...

https://img.pokemondb.net/artwork/avif/bewear.avif

https://i.pinimg.com/736x/d8/3c/bb/d83cbb5ada29660470a4b4ebb010cf80.jpg
[this](https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Kommo-o_(Pok%C3%A9mon)) is kommo-o. It's neither venomous, a cuadruped nor it has prominent claws.

But it's covered in armor and it's gray so...

Close enough?
    I'd assumed that Kommo-o was derived from a pangolin.
        It's scales are reminiscent of pangolins.
        Far too reptilian to be a pangolin
        Sandslash is a pangolin
    I mean even the name suggests it's a komodo dragon
There's a dragon/fighting pseudolegend named Kommo-o. Pawmot is a bit like s red panda. The Gen 9 box legends are a monitor lizard and a bearded dragon, literally and metaphorically.
    >Pawmot is a bit like s red panda

It's a marmot.
Komodo dragons my beloved
We have Kommo'o 

We don't have a red panda

EDIT: apparently, this message got sent 7 times. Apologies
Isn’t the Stufful line based on red pandas? They kinda remind me of red pandas.
Though after seeing its alternate form, I sorta wish we didn't have one
We have 2. Im ackshullying you.

Oh wait Palafin exists... thats 3.
Just a unkempt Pikachu smoking a cigarette. 
I think Venipede would pass as a wood louse. It's evolution is even a rolled one.
I always wanted a baby girafarig based off an okapi named Okapako
A convergent girafarig based on an okapi would be really cool.
    I'd love to see a Grass/Ghost Okapi because of its rarity/camouflage :)
Gotta be fighting! They’re well known as “fighting fish”! But you could also skip water type like Dragalge does and have it go water/fighting -> dragon/fighting when it evolves!
    Oooo, that's an excellent idea! I like how you think.
        Thanks! :D
My regional fish fakemon is a Betta fish (water fighting) where its fins are curled like boxing gloves.


It evolves to a Swordfish, but rather than sword at the tip, it replaces a Fin.
Wait that's genius
this one is the most surprising. TPC loves marketable pet pokemon and a chihuahua feels like a fun animal to design around in general
    When they eventually make a pokemon game that takes place in Mexico…
Make it a Legendary Dark Type for fun too. No wait: Make it a Mythical!
    My idea was psychic type. They do seem a little psychotic from my experience (I mean this as a huge fan of chis, they're adorable.)
Make it Electric Dark.

Electric for their abundance of energy and Dark because they are chihuahuas.
I think Huntail is the closest thing to a moray, but I think it's more closely related to a wolf eel.

A gulper eel would be cool though!
    We had a gulper eel with an esca in the G/S beta! Hope that one comes back, they were the one that evolved from that sick anchor shark.
    I think Huntail’s based on both a gulper eel and an oarfish
Lycanroc: Am I a joke to you?
    Maned wolves look nothing like Lycanroc, they aren't even sctually wolves. Similarly, I'd love to see a painted dog
        Hey man I see a doggie and a doggie lookin Pokemon. Boom. Dog Pokemon
Manectric? (I'll admit it's a stretch but still.)
Kinda nuts that we only have three dipterans, and all of them are from Alola. 

I want a robber fly next!
>venus flytrap

there's carnivine
Yes stick insects that could evolve to leaf insect or even flower insect
Carnivine: Am I a joke to you
    my answer would be yes because Carnivine reminds me of a muppet
The Psyduck thing kinda has a few holes, mainly no beaver tail or venom.

Although the whole “walks like a duck, quacks like a duck” phrase I remember being used relating to which Pokémon count as dragons. (Probably unrelated but felt like mentioning)
    Ok but you can apply that logic the other way too. If it’s a duck where are its wings? Why does it have hands?
Narwhals, swimming in the ocean
Malamar has elements of a vampire squid.  Not that I would complain if we got another.
I remember thinking that was what Hisuian Goodra would be based on. I was BEYOND convinced. Made a sketch of it and everything. 

Nice candidate for a Fire/Steel-Type in the future though. Were SORELY lacking in ‘Mons that reference hydrothermal vents.
    Fire/Steel with a water immunity would be unreal. Could be a Magcargo variant!
I kinda love that our only cockroach right now is a Legendary diva alien, but yeah more would still be quite welcome. 

Death’s head roach would be a nice new Bug/Ghost, or we can get a hissing one whenever we get a Region somewhere in an African country?
That looks like a SciFi creature fit for Star Wars Lore. Good one!
as a Brazilian who loves green anacondas seeing sandaconda as the closest thing to it makes me depressed
Hammerhead when
this, i want a shark that isnt cut in half lol
A regional Mightyena that becomes like a clown and is Dark/Fairy

Joker vibes
Quaquaval? At least I count it as one, since I had been waiting for a peacock mon for generations.
    Ah, I kinda totally forgot about Quackaval lol
But, I've always wanted like, a psychic peacock that uses it's tail to hypnotize opponents.
        I'd also like a more tradition looking, preferably psychic or fairy type, peacock mon. Quaquaval is still more duck/goose like in design and the tail only really looks the part when it's attacking.
        Nice. Grass/Psychic and make its tail a flower bush as well?
            Ooohh, that would look cool!
            Mine is Grass Fairy and its tail basically opens to resemble a fruiting bush.
I’d love to get a fossil Pokémon Terror Bird!
I need a mythical pokemon that's just a cassowary.
I’m sorry, 1/20?? I need to know more
    There’s about 60,000 extant vertebrate species described. 3100 are catfish from giant river monsters (arguably the largest freshwater fishes) to tiny eyeless cave fish
I want a whiptail that acts like a lil’ Indiana Jones, more arachnids in particular would be great :)
Plankton isn't a specific animal. It's an umbrella term for anything tiny in the sea that drifts opposed to swims
    I know that, but do we have any Pokemon based on any Plankton?  or based on the concept of Plankton as a whole?
Wow. This is an obvious one. And speaking of, is there a Cheetah like Pokémon or is that just Raikou because its an electric cat?
Which is so odd because it’d be a good excuse for a fairy/grass or fairy/flying type
Isn't Golduck kind of platypus-y? I think he counts.
I would love a lynx Pokémon (that isn’t bipedal like meowscarada, even though I don’t think that’s a lynx)! And a snow leopard! And an ocelot! I want all the wild cat Pokémon and I want them to keep all their paws on the ground!! Luxray and Liepard look so cool I want more of them
    We do have a snow leopard as of now- Chien-Pao! :D But I definitely wouldn't mind another one (I'd maybe make it Ice/Ghost due to how snow leopards sometimes seem to vanish into thin air, giving them the nickname "ghost of the mountain").
        Oh right!! I forget about the S/V legendaries bc I never caught them- I should go do that haha! I love the idea of an ice/ghost snow leopard though, that has the potential to be so badass
The Sprigatito line is also there, though, albeit more circumstantially (but Meowscarada makes the strongest case).
They are clearly lynxes though, Shinx's name comes from lynx in both japanese and english, plus their X-ray vision is clearly a reference to how Lynxes were often believed to have supernatural eyesight in multiple cultures (including greek and norse mythology)
Dolphin now exists as of Gen 9 with finizen/palofin, drowzee/hypno/munna/musharna are all tapirs
Are Corphish and Crawdaunt not lobsters?
    They'd be closer to crayfish, I think.
    Corphish and Crawdaunt are crawdads, but Clawitzer resembles a lobster kind of!
        Clawitzer is a pistol shrimp.
Espartha is an ostrich, honestly so is Dodrio. That’s 2
I love Floppa he is so precious :D
We don't have a racoon based Pokémon...? WE DON'T HAVE A RACOON OR TANOOKI BASED POKÉMON!!!!
Excadrill
This was what I was going to type! Stingrays are my favorite animal, and I've been praying for one since I picked up the series in gen 3. There so many different and unique looking species to take inspiration from too. Gimme one based on a cownose stingray and I can die happy
Water/Steel 100%
Plenty of insects to be had for sure.  I just wish there were more than a couple that were actually usable in game.  Arguably a bugs greatest usefulness is against psychic types and yet psychic gyms always fall past the point of carrying a bug Pokemon on the team.
Golisopd is based on an Isopod.
    just looked him up ! he's super cool but looks more like a terrestrial isopod !! I'd love a more aquatic looking one but I can't be too picky
        He’s actually based on a Deep Sea Isopod. The pre evolution Wimpod is more aquatic looking but also more closely resembles a Horseshoe Crab.
            I love wimpod !! It's really cool to have a deap sea isopod pokemon then ! I'm a huge fan of them and get to brag abt smth new
Big agree
>I really want a three line Golden Retriever. 

This but for Labrador. Would be cool to have three diffemet forms based on black, golden and chocolate labs. Probably purely aesthetic but would be a cute idea.
    You could really group them like the paladean tauros truly
        That would be sick, a black lab that was dark/normal and made out of shadow, a golden lab that was steel/normal and made out of gold, and a chocolate lab that was fairy/normal and made out of chocolate would be a sick divergent evo tree for a puppy prevo (Labradorable)
Why? They basically just blind, legless salamanders.
I think they’ve gotten as close to hell dog as they feel comfortable with Houndoom.
or a parakeet/budgie
Yip-yip.
Someone's been watching Avatar
I want this to happen so badly
    I would love to have a two inch Pokemon that just destroys the competition.
        200 base speed
            201 just to fuck over Regieleki
        *looks in my pants*

*smiles*
            [looks into your pants from over your shoulder](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/GD8ZEfAW0AAVOX8.jpg:large)
                I fucking ugly cackled you monster.
Holy shit I love that as a concept
Speed Boost and Sap Sipper as its normal abilities, please.
    With Levitate as a hidden ability
Oh man, I want it to use Oricorio's Nectars as evo items for different typing and coloration!!!
Beeflies are so weird. I saw one before I had heard of them, it was like encountering an insect from a parallel fantasy universe.
Zapdos kinda looks like a very pissed hummingbird
    A buzzingbird?
        Stealing for my own pokemon universe! Thank you!
        >buzzingbird?

Shame we never got some sort of Electric Vulture, really.  *Buzz*ard writes itself.
    Like the wasp version to the hummingbird-bee.
A hummingbird would be a great first stage Evo of the regional bird.
    Or like Oricorio - different types depending on items
I want it to be big tho
I think it should be an evolution with a higher BST. "tot" in "Chatot" implies it's already a baby form.
    I think it’s the “ot” from parrot, no?
        Chat as in chatter because it talks and ot like a parrot yeah
    The game is japanese and the actual name is in Romaji is Perap, a combination from Parrot and Perapera, which has no implication of it being a baby.
    Chat + (Parr)ot. Thankfully, having "tot" as a side effect of that has zero meaning. Otherwise Cofagrigus would be an awful name.
I’d rather it get a proper evolution, it’s a darn shame both of the parrot Pokémon are single stage with garbage BSTs, I tried to make squawkabilly work so hard but those stats just hold it back so much, granted it’ll probably make attempting a solo run with it more interesting.
    Squawkabilly would be cool if it had 4 different evos.

Rockstar, Gangster, Pirate, and i cant think of a 4th one.
It's gotta be psychic surely
    It can even be a supervillain, Superman vs Brainiac.
        Echolock, the Whale warlock to Palafin's Dolphin paladin.
            Warphin. Type(s): Water/Dark. Ability: Illusion, Hidden Ability: Good as Gold. Base Stats: 100 HP/87 Atk/100 Def/160 SpAtk/106 SpDef/100 Spd. Egg Groups: Field/Water 2. 















Pokedex: Entry A:This pokemon spends its days among the Finizen of its natural habitat. When a Palafin reveals itself, this normally peaceful pokemon embraces its dark and scheming tendencies until either itself or the Palafin perish in combat. Entry B: This pokemon spends its days among a council of Finizen, but hold a rivaly to Palafin resembling that of a Seviper and Zangoose.
                I’d give it a signature ability called “Hidden Malice” that plays with the idea it’s in disguise and has another form with reduced stats but damage reduction until it attacks
        Genius!!
tbh, Brazil, Colombia or Patagonia would make great regions
    Yes definately. We've had 2 American states and 3 european countries now, while the series started with Japanese regions. Time for some Southern America, Africa or Oceania.

EDIT: something like India or Arabia could be awesome as well.
        I'm a bit biased because I'm brazilian myself, but hell yeah a Brazil based region would be amazing!
            At least you have Quaquaval now.
                I mean, it is a brazilian reference, yes. But I still imagine Gamefreak can do a lot more here.  
We have some interesting endemic animals that would work greatly as Pokémon. Knowing past games tho, GF might still bring animals from other places, Hawaii doesn't have koalas nor toucans lol.   
The capybara would be cool as it is a popular animal currently, specially in Japan apparently.  
The Harpy Eagle would be an awesome bird Pokémon, it can be the final stage Route 1 bird or something akin to Braviary, who knows.  
Regional forms would be fun too, like a 'brazilian' Toucannon, or a 'brazilian' Drowzee (we have Tapirs here too).   
For Starter Pokémon, I can imagine a fire snake that turns into the mythical Boi Tatá, a fire spirit that looks like a giant snake.   
I could think of more but I'm not feeling super creative rn haha.
        Sadly that most likely will never happen as Japan, Europe and the US will always be the major economies that all companies will cater constantly.

Left handed products are almost nonexistent? Yeah, why even bother appealing to minorities in this economy.
Haven’t we had gorebyss for a while?
    Gorebyss is an eel. That said, Kyogre is partly based on orcas, which are dolphins. Finizen and Palafin are our first bottlenoses
Pokémon Crime 🔫 & Pokémon Corruption 💰

(I'm from South America)
    Pokemon Surf and Pokemon Turf
        Pokemon Bra and Pokemon zil

🇧🇷🏆🏆🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🏆🏆⚽️⚽️🏆🏆🏆🏆😁😁🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷☝☝☝🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷☝☝⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🏆🏆🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
            Something tells me Pokemon Bra would be a lot more popular
                We could finally [discover the secret.](https://www.reddit.com/media?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreview.redd.it%2F3v9rxuln1an51.png%3Fauto%3Dwebp%26s%3D6e3a02a4ccf8d251a4e204135fcbba4f69ed87a7)
            Pokemon 7 and Pokemon 1 /s
                Saved for the German release DLC.
            🙁Pokémon Meh😒& 🥵Pokemon Xico🥵 CeroCampèão 🤘🏼☝🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥉🤭🏆🫵🏽🙌🏾👏🏻💪🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥳🥉🏅
    The legendary would be a squid or an octopus, lol.
        With 9 tentacles lol
A degu will evolve into a capybara
Why would they need to?  Last I checked zebras aren't hanging around Manhattan.
    Central Park zoo begs to differ
Dang
    Yeah. It looked cool.
I had to stop myself from commenting on another comment saying we don't have chickens with "What about Chikipi?"
    Gen three fire starter
        Twisted firestarter.
            *bangs head *
Have you seen the fan project pokemon sage? South American based region. So many cool designs!
    Name? Or is it called "Sage"?
        [pokemon sage wiki](https://pokemon-fan-game.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_Sage) here you go! They had demo out years ago. They have a discord server and I think they are still working on it slowly. I love their fakemon tho!
If we're talking South America, I'd love to see a region based on Brazil.  You have enormous diversity, two massive cities, and the biggest ethnic Japanese population in the world outside of Japan.

One wish list item would be a Kanto-town in the game's equivalent of São Paulo with its own mini-Indigo League and people cosplaying the Kanto gym leaders.  It would be a creative way to feature Kanto in a way that makes sense with the game and real-world lore.
Oh that makes me realize that its design is so good it could fit into either game
Who isn't?! lol
    It's a llama!
        A llama? He's supposed to be dead!!
            Yeah... Weird...
        I'm going to go with Vicuña
            Not guanaco?
        An L L Ama? what's the heck is a L L Ama?
I am now!
Those who worship alpacas as their god.
What else would it be?
There’s Doduo and Dodrio, but nothing else since Gen 3 I think. That could be a fun take since it could be done in a unique way more aligned with the actual animal in terms of design
    They’re kind of just based on them in name, they don’t really look like dodos at all.
    It would also be a missed opportunity not to make a dodo inspired mon a fossil
    That's name only, they're really closer in design to ratites (emus, ostriches, etc).  The dodo was more closely related to pigeons.
True, but we’ve had half a dozen cats and dogs and other animals in Pokémon, Rhyhorn appears in plenty of games. 

But it’s a Gen 1 Pokémon, and there haven’t been any new or rhino inspired Pokémon for over 20 years. Unless you want to include Rhyperior, which is just another evolution to Rhyhorn.

Personally I wouldn’t even mind a Rhinoceros/Triceratops Pokémon line.
    Maybe a regional Rhyhorn, and because they kept getting hunted for their horns, they're super smooth like river pebbles.
    >Bramble Cay Melomys.

Honestly for the white rhinos or black rhinos (and i get it if you dont like this thought) a new split regional variant of rhyhorn
    Now I’m imagining a Rhino that gains horns on Evolution:

Rhinotops >> Binotops >> Trinocerous
Tbf, that's an unevolved Pokemon, and the fully evolved Pokemon are bipedal so arguably not even really rhinos at that point.
Rhyhorn is more Kaiju than anything.
Literally all I’m thinking about is a Pokémon Legends concept where you have to manually tame Pokémon individually and just have them walk around with you. Maybe Have a farm where they all hang out since there’s no storage system.

I’m honestly super stoked by the idea

Imagine having to just feed Pokémon berries like an enthusiastic Steve Irwin, waiting to see if it’ll get aggro on you before you need to run. 

The only downside would be you’d have to manually go back and forth to your farm to switch out Pokémon without a storage system

But honestly if the story isn’t about battling, I would be okay with having 1 partner Pokémon at a time and just recording Pokémon in the wild
We just got one in cetitan, don't think we will see another one next gen
Wailord
    You are right, Wailord has all the "less dense than air" thing going, but I was imagining a winged whale (since also megaptera means big wing)
Hey! Infertility is a sensitive subject these days.
We have Pokemon based on far "worse" things than an animal with sperm in its name.
Cachalot
Humpbukk, the sperm whale pokémon. It's not uncommon to see several male Humpbukk gather together around a single female for some sort of ritual.
I've heard that before
The sperm whale Pokémon must be male exclusive.
Could be a third stage for it.
    That would be brilliant tbh
    Cerburneros
        Hounderus
You just made me think that they could introduce the fact that some Legendary mons are actually some kind of Primal/Mega of existing Pokemon. I will call it Ascended for the sake of consistency.

Some Pokémon are born Ascended, and some are elevated to the state of Ascended, something which can only be done specifically by Ho-Oh, which is based on a Phoenix.

- Raikou/Entei/Suicune being ascended Jolteon/Flareon/Vaporeon
- Diance being ascended Carbink
- A Cerberus-like Pokémon being ascended Houndoom
- A Pegasus-like Pokémon being ascended Rapidash

It would be very interesting to see a concept like that in a Johto remake, or in something like Legends Celebi.
    Gen 10 is rumored to take place either in Australia or Greece right? If Greece then that would be a good time to introduce the Cerberus and Pegasus pokemon.
I was surprised that they didn't give Mega Houndoom at least some armor resembling additional heads. Although I guess that might have made it look too similar to the Cerberus-themed "'mon" from that certain other series.
That would honestly be really cool!
No, and now that we have a unicorn Ponyta varient, they should do a flying type one with wings.
When they announced Galarian Ponyta, I was kinda hoping Rapidash would turn into some sort of Unicorn Pegasus thing (they're called Alicorns if I'm not wrong)
Logstin and grogginess did a reneculous tartigrade form a while back and it was amazing
Water snorlax with access to mudshot. I can hear Pogo players complaining already.
Or a regional Reuniclus
Could give some proper backstory to the Pokerus. Imagine the Pokerus is just a viral pokemon this whole time. Viruses already look so bizarre in the real world, would easily make a perfect pokemon.
    It wouldn’t even be that unusual having a game aspect be a Pokémon, considering we are multiple generations into people walking around with Rotom phones and ‘dexes without blinking an eye. Honestly, in universe it makes no sense that you would even blackout when running out of your six Pokémon, considering you have a ghost electric type right there in your pocket
I really think we just need some pest pokemon. It's wild we don't have flies, worms, and ants that are that milimeter size. Make some little guys that evolve in a swarm, or a little guy that evolves in certain specific condition, so we never have giga-flys or anything. 

Even better, make it a special pokemon only caught whenever you interact with a trashcan. "You obtained a ROTTEN BERRY. Use ROTTEN BERRY?"
"FLY was added to your party."
Pokemon all the way down
'Honey, I shrunk the kids' crossover confirmed. A sleeping Snorlax blocking the road becomes a 'God of War'-style behemoth boss battle. Absolute unit.
This was represented with Cubchoo.
A hidebehind pokemon would be rad as hell, especially as like a roaming legendary
    One of my ideas combined the Hidebehind and Wendigo into a Pokémon called Weredigo (“Where did it go?”)! I had some gimmick ability for it but I don’t remember what it was. Maybe it set up a substitute when it entered battle or something like that?
    I had no idea what this was and am so glad I googled it
Clawitzer is a pistol shrimp
    It's easy to mix up the two coolest shrimp in existence, I guess.
    Imagine a regional Clawitzer that just has a massive bicep and fist
Mantis shrimp are more flamboyant
Torterra has the mace tail.
    https://preview.redd.it/1uf0a2q15cpc1.jpeg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=4029abe7f10ea9bcc289223f48fa3104e485b4b0
        I must have got it confused. Torterra only has the head and Grotle has the shell.
Gouging Fire is a Styracosaurus

On the complete opposite side of the Ceratopsid family tree
It's a Styracosaurus
Gouging Fire is a Styracosaurus, not a Triceratops

On the complete opposite side of the Ceratopsid family tree

You can tell when something isn't a Triceratops by remembering what its name means, "Three horned face"

If it don't got 3 horns, it ain't Triceratops
    Okay but I doubt we're getting, like, an albertosaurine fossilmon anytime soon because these are the sorts of distinctions only us paleo-dweebs care about
I had come up with a fakemon design of an electric triceratops with that exact idea
    EXACTLY. ITS THE BESY WAY TO DO THAT
Bee fly
    I really think we need a Bug/Ghost mosquito and a Bug/Dark housefly. Also a Bug/Dark cockroach.
        Just for laughs, give the cockroach Wonder Guard.
They're bee flies.
    they're cute is what they are.
I didn't even consider that but you're right.
Charmeleon, Kecleon, …?

Edit: I forgot about Intelleon lol
    To be fair to Intelleon its more of a Basilisk Lizard.

Sobble's the chameleon.
Chien pao is weasel malnourished level.
Zapdos being a hummingbird makes me uncomfortable, but I can't argue against it
Zapdos is a garuda bird. It lacks the wingspan to flip those gigantic wings like a hummingbird. But yeah, pretty close
    Is it not based off the Native American thunderbird?
        That too
Yeah but torchic is more like a baby chick and Blaziken too humanoid. We need a single stage chicken pokemon to explain how people eat egg products in the pokemon world, like miltank with milk
    This is intriguing because now Pokemon breeding would completely fall into question. But also Chansey line has a bunch of eggs so that could be the egg solution. Miltank milk and Chansey eggs
        Correct me if I'm wrong, but in the anime Chansey is already the egg solution, no?
    all pokemon lay eggs :)
Zapdos is a pretty literal thunderbird--which I've always seen as eagle-like, but Zapdos physically looks like a heron or crane to me.
They're based on [shamo chickens](https://www.poultryclub.org/breeds/chickens/asian-hard-feather/ko-shamo/) specifically, which is why they look weirdly humanoid. The JP names are achamo, wakashamo, and bashamo.
Chick, chicken, man in chicken suit
Ting-Lu is an elk, not a moose.
Dewgong’s horn is also Narwhal-inspired.
Psyduck is definitely not a platypus. It doesn't even have the right tail.
I thought Psyduck is supposed to be a rubber ducky, and Golduck is based on Kappas, neither really have platypus traits besides the duck bill.
Introducing rabahorse
Spinda is a drunk red panda*

Well apparently Spinda is based on a panda bear subspecies that's brown and white instead of black and white. But in the game Spinda is red and white, so... a literal red panda I guess?
    Spinda is actually supposed to be a qinling panda, which a type of giant panda
I'd assumed that Kommo-o was derived from a pangolin.
    It's scales are reminiscent of pangolins.
    Far too reptilian to be a pangolin
    Sandslash is a pangolin
I mean even the name suggests it's a komodo dragon
>Pawmot is a bit like s red panda

It's a marmot.
I'd love to see a Grass/Ghost Okapi because of its rarity/camouflage :)
Oooo, that's an excellent idea! I like how you think.
    Thanks! :D
When they eventually make a pokemon game that takes place in Mexico…
My idea was psychic type. They do seem a little psychotic from my experience (I mean this as a huge fan of chis, they're adorable.)
We had a gulper eel with an esca in the G/S beta! Hope that one comes back, they were the one that evolved from that sick anchor shark.
I think Huntail’s based on both a gulper eel and an oarfish
Maned wolves look nothing like Lycanroc, they aren't even sctually wolves. Similarly, I'd love to see a painted dog
    Hey man I see a doggie and a doggie lookin Pokemon. Boom. Dog Pokemon
my answer would be yes because Carnivine reminds me of a muppet
Ok but you can apply that logic the other way too. If it’s a duck where are its wings? Why does it have hands?
Fire/Steel with a water immunity would be unreal. Could be a Magcargo variant!
Ah, I kinda totally forgot about Quackaval lol
But, I've always wanted like, a psychic peacock that uses it's tail to hypnotize opponents.
    I'd also like a more tradition looking, preferably psychic or fairy type, peacock mon. Quaquaval is still more duck/goose like in design and the tail only really looks the part when it's attacking.
    Nice. Grass/Psychic and make its tail a flower bush as well?
        Ooohh, that would look cool!
        Mine is Grass Fairy and its tail basically opens to resemble a fruiting bush.
There’s about 60,000 extant vertebrate species described. 3100 are catfish from giant river monsters (arguably the largest freshwater fishes) to tiny eyeless cave fish
I know that, but do we have any Pokemon based on any Plankton?  or based on the concept of Plankton as a whole?
We do have a snow leopard as of now- Chien-Pao! :D But I definitely wouldn't mind another one (I'd maybe make it Ice/Ghost due to how snow leopards sometimes seem to vanish into thin air, giving them the nickname "ghost of the mountain").
    Oh right!! I forget about the S/V legendaries bc I never caught them- I should go do that haha! I love the idea of an ice/ghost snow leopard though, that has the potential to be so badass
They'd be closer to crayfish, I think.
Corphish and Crawdaunt are crawdads, but Clawitzer resembles a lobster kind of!
    Clawitzer is a pistol shrimp.
just looked him up ! he's super cool but looks more like a terrestrial isopod !! I'd love a more aquatic looking one but I can't be too picky
    He’s actually based on a Deep Sea Isopod. The pre evolution Wimpod is more aquatic looking but also more closely resembles a Horseshoe Crab.
        I love wimpod !! It's really cool to have a deap sea isopod pokemon then ! I'm a huge fan of them and get to brag abt smth new
You could really group them like the paladean tauros truly
    That would be sick, a black lab that was dark/normal and made out of shadow, a golden lab that was steel/normal and made out of gold, and a chocolate lab that was fairy/normal and made out of chocolate would be a sick divergent evo tree for a puppy prevo (Labradorable)
I would love to have a two inch Pokemon that just destroys the competition.
    200 base speed
        201 just to fuck over Regieleki
    *looks in my pants*

*smiles*
        [looks into your pants from over your shoulder](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/GD8ZEfAW0AAVOX8.jpg:large)
            I fucking ugly cackled you monster.
With Levitate as a hidden ability
A buzzingbird?
    Stealing for my own pokemon universe! Thank you!
    >buzzingbird?

Shame we never got some sort of Electric Vulture, really.  *Buzz*ard writes itself.
Like the wasp version to the hummingbird-bee.
Or like Oricorio - different types depending on items
I think it’s the “ot” from parrot, no?
    Chat as in chatter because it talks and ot like a parrot yeah
The game is japanese and the actual name is in Romaji is Perap, a combination from Parrot and Perapera, which has no implication of it being a baby.
Chat + (Parr)ot. Thankfully, having "tot" as a side effect of that has zero meaning. Otherwise Cofagrigus would be an awful name.
Squawkabilly would be cool if it had 4 different evos.

Rockstar, Gangster, Pirate, and i cant think of a 4th one.
It can even be a supervillain, Superman vs Brainiac.
    Echolock, the Whale warlock to Palafin's Dolphin paladin.
        Warphin. Type(s): Water/Dark. Ability: Illusion, Hidden Ability: Good as Gold. Base Stats: 100 HP/87 Atk/100 Def/160 SpAtk/106 SpDef/100 Spd. Egg Groups: Field/Water 2. 















Pokedex: Entry A:This pokemon spends its days among the Finizen of its natural habitat. When a Palafin reveals itself, this normally peaceful pokemon embraces its dark and scheming tendencies until either itself or the Palafin perish in combat. Entry B: This pokemon spends its days among a council of Finizen, but hold a rivaly to Palafin resembling that of a Seviper and Zangoose.
            I’d give it a signature ability called “Hidden Malice” that plays with the idea it’s in disguise and has another form with reduced stats but damage reduction until it attacks
    Genius!!
Yes definately. We've had 2 American states and 3 european countries now, while the series started with Japanese regions. Time for some Southern America, Africa or Oceania.

EDIT: something like India or Arabia could be awesome as well.
    I'm a bit biased because I'm brazilian myself, but hell yeah a Brazil based region would be amazing!
        At least you have Quaquaval now.
            I mean, it is a brazilian reference, yes. But I still imagine Gamefreak can do a lot more here.  
We have some interesting endemic animals that would work greatly as Pokémon. Knowing past games tho, GF might still bring animals from other places, Hawaii doesn't have koalas nor toucans lol.   
The capybara would be cool as it is a popular animal currently, specially in Japan apparently.  
The Harpy Eagle would be an awesome bird Pokémon, it can be the final stage Route 1 bird or something akin to Braviary, who knows.  
Regional forms would be fun too, like a 'brazilian' Toucannon, or a 'brazilian' Drowzee (we have Tapirs here too).   
For Starter Pokémon, I can imagine a fire snake that turns into the mythical Boi Tatá, a fire spirit that looks like a giant snake.   
I could think of more but I'm not feeling super creative rn haha.
    Sadly that most likely will never happen as Japan, Europe and the US will always be the major economies that all companies will cater constantly.

Left handed products are almost nonexistent? Yeah, why even bother appealing to minorities in this economy.
Gorebyss is an eel. That said, Kyogre is partly based on orcas, which are dolphins. Finizen and Palafin are our first bottlenoses
Pokemon Surf and Pokemon Turf
    Pokemon Bra and Pokemon zil

🇧🇷🏆🏆🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🏆🏆⚽️⚽️🏆🏆🏆🏆😁😁🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷☝☝☝🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷☝☝⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🏆🏆🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
        Something tells me Pokemon Bra would be a lot more popular
            We could finally [discover the secret.](https://www.reddit.com/media?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreview.redd.it%2F3v9rxuln1an51.png%3Fauto%3Dwebp%26s%3D6e3a02a4ccf8d251a4e204135fcbba4f69ed87a7)
        Pokemon 7 and Pokemon 1 /s
            Saved for the German release DLC.
        🙁Pokémon Meh😒& 🥵Pokemon Xico🥵 CeroCampèão 🤘🏼☝🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥉🤭🏆🫵🏽🙌🏾👏🏻💪🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥳🥉🏅
The legendary would be a squid or an octopus, lol.
    With 9 tentacles lol
Central Park zoo begs to differ
Yeah. It looked cool.
Gen three fire starter
    Twisted firestarter.
        *bangs head *
Name? Or is it called "Sage"?
    [pokemon sage wiki](https://pokemon-fan-game.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_Sage) here you go! They had demo out years ago. They have a discord server and I think they are still working on it slowly. I love their fakemon tho!
It's a llama!
    A llama? He's supposed to be dead!!
        Yeah... Weird...
    I'm going to go with Vicuña
        Not guanaco?
    An L L Ama? what's the heck is a L L Ama?
They’re kind of just based on them in name, they don’t really look like dodos at all.
It would also be a missed opportunity not to make a dodo inspired mon a fossil
That's name only, they're really closer in design to ratites (emus, ostriches, etc).  The dodo was more closely related to pigeons.
Maybe a regional Rhyhorn, and because they kept getting hunted for their horns, they're super smooth like river pebbles.
>Bramble Cay Melomys.

Honestly for the white rhinos or black rhinos (and i get it if you dont like this thought) a new split regional variant of rhyhorn
Now I’m imagining a Rhino that gains horns on Evolution:

Rhinotops >> Binotops >> Trinocerous
You are right, Wailord has all the "less dense than air" thing going, but I was imagining a winged whale (since also megaptera means big wing)
That would be brilliant tbh
Cerburneros
    Hounderus
Gen 10 is rumored to take place either in Australia or Greece right? If Greece then that would be a good time to introduce the Cerberus and Pegasus pokemon.
It wouldn’t even be that unusual having a game aspect be a Pokémon, considering we are multiple generations into people walking around with Rotom phones and ‘dexes without blinking an eye. Honestly, in universe it makes no sense that you would even blackout when running out of your six Pokémon, considering you have a ghost electric type right there in your pocket
One of my ideas combined the Hidebehind and Wendigo into a Pokémon called Weredigo (“Where did it go?”)! I had some gimmick ability for it but I don’t remember what it was. Maybe it set up a substitute when it entered battle or something like that?
I had no idea what this was and am so glad I googled it
It's easy to mix up the two coolest shrimp in existence, I guess.
Imagine a regional Clawitzer that just has a massive bicep and fist
https://preview.redd.it/1uf0a2q15cpc1.jpeg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=4029abe7f10ea9bcc289223f48fa3104e485b4b0
    I must have got it confused. Torterra only has the head and Grotle has the shell.
Okay but I doubt we're getting, like, an albertosaurine fossilmon anytime soon because these are the sorts of distinctions only us paleo-dweebs care about
EXACTLY. ITS THE BESY WAY TO DO THAT
I really think we need a Bug/Ghost mosquito and a Bug/Dark housefly. Also a Bug/Dark cockroach.
    Just for laughs, give the cockroach Wonder Guard.
they're cute is what they are.
To be fair to Intelleon its more of a Basilisk Lizard.

Sobble's the chameleon.
Is it not based off the Native American thunderbird?
    That too
This is intriguing because now Pokemon breeding would completely fall into question. But also Chansey line has a bunch of eggs so that could be the egg solution. Miltank milk and Chansey eggs
    Correct me if I'm wrong, but in the anime Chansey is already the egg solution, no?
all pokemon lay eggs :)
Spinda is actually supposed to be a qinling panda, which a type of giant panda
It's scales are reminiscent of pangolins.
Far too reptilian to be a pangolin
Sandslash is a pangolin
Thanks! :D
Hey man I see a doggie and a doggie lookin Pokemon. Boom. Dog Pokemon
I'd also like a more tradition looking, preferably psychic or fairy type, peacock mon. Quaquaval is still more duck/goose like in design and the tail only really looks the part when it's attacking.
Nice. Grass/Psychic and make its tail a flower bush as well?
    Ooohh, that would look cool!
    Mine is Grass Fairy and its tail basically opens to resemble a fruiting bush.
Oh right!! I forget about the S/V legendaries bc I never caught them- I should go do that haha! I love the idea of an ice/ghost snow leopard though, that has the potential to be so badass
Clawitzer is a pistol shrimp.
He’s actually based on a Deep Sea Isopod. The pre evolution Wimpod is more aquatic looking but also more closely resembles a Horseshoe Crab.
    I love wimpod !! It's really cool to have a deap sea isopod pokemon then ! I'm a huge fan of them and get to brag abt smth new
That would be sick, a black lab that was dark/normal and made out of shadow, a golden lab that was steel/normal and made out of gold, and a chocolate lab that was fairy/normal and made out of chocolate would be a sick divergent evo tree for a puppy prevo (Labradorable)
200 base speed
    201 just to fuck over Regieleki
*looks in my pants*

*smiles*
    [looks into your pants from over your shoulder](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/GD8ZEfAW0AAVOX8.jpg:large)
        I fucking ugly cackled you monster.
Stealing for my own pokemon universe! Thank you!
>buzzingbird?

Shame we never got some sort of Electric Vulture, really.  *Buzz*ard writes itself.
Chat as in chatter because it talks and ot like a parrot yeah
Echolock, the Whale warlock to Palafin's Dolphin paladin.
    Warphin. Type(s): Water/Dark. Ability: Illusion, Hidden Ability: Good as Gold. Base Stats: 100 HP/87 Atk/100 Def/160 SpAtk/106 SpDef/100 Spd. Egg Groups: Field/Water 2. 















Pokedex: Entry A:This pokemon spends its days among the Finizen of its natural habitat. When a Palafin reveals itself, this normally peaceful pokemon embraces its dark and scheming tendencies until either itself or the Palafin perish in combat. Entry B: This pokemon spends its days among a council of Finizen, but hold a rivaly to Palafin resembling that of a Seviper and Zangoose.
        I’d give it a signature ability called “Hidden Malice” that plays with the idea it’s in disguise and has another form with reduced stats but damage reduction until it attacks
Genius!!
I'm a bit biased because I'm brazilian myself, but hell yeah a Brazil based region would be amazing!
    At least you have Quaquaval now.
        I mean, it is a brazilian reference, yes. But I still imagine Gamefreak can do a lot more here.  
We have some interesting endemic animals that would work greatly as Pokémon. Knowing past games tho, GF might still bring animals from other places, Hawaii doesn't have koalas nor toucans lol.   
The capybara would be cool as it is a popular animal currently, specially in Japan apparently.  
The Harpy Eagle would be an awesome bird Pokémon, it can be the final stage Route 1 bird or something akin to Braviary, who knows.  
Regional forms would be fun too, like a 'brazilian' Toucannon, or a 'brazilian' Drowzee (we have Tapirs here too).   
For Starter Pokémon, I can imagine a fire snake that turns into the mythical Boi Tatá, a fire spirit that looks like a giant snake.   
I could think of more but I'm not feeling super creative rn haha.
Sadly that most likely will never happen as Japan, Europe and the US will always be the major economies that all companies will cater constantly.

Left handed products are almost nonexistent? Yeah, why even bother appealing to minorities in this economy.
Pokemon Bra and Pokemon zil

🇧🇷🏆🏆🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🏆🏆⚽️⚽️🏆🏆🏆🏆😁😁🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷☝☝☝🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷☝☝⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🏆🏆🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
    Something tells me Pokemon Bra would be a lot more popular
        We could finally [discover the secret.](https://www.reddit.com/media?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreview.redd.it%2F3v9rxuln1an51.png%3Fauto%3Dwebp%26s%3D6e3a02a4ccf8d251a4e204135fcbba4f69ed87a7)
    Pokemon 7 and Pokemon 1 /s
        Saved for the German release DLC.
    🙁Pokémon Meh😒& 🥵Pokemon Xico🥵 CeroCampèão 🤘🏼☝🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥉🤭🏆🫵🏽🙌🏾👏🏻💪🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥳🥉🏅
With 9 tentacles lol
Twisted firestarter.
    *bangs head *
[pokemon sage wiki](https://pokemon-fan-game.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_Sage) here you go! They had demo out years ago. They have a discord server and I think they are still working on it slowly. I love their fakemon tho!
A llama? He's supposed to be dead!!
    Yeah... Weird...
I'm going to go with Vicuña
    Not guanaco?
An L L Ama? what's the heck is a L L Ama?
Hounderus
I must have got it confused. Torterra only has the head and Grotle has the shell.
Just for laughs, give the cockroach Wonder Guard.
That too
Correct me if I'm wrong, but in the anime Chansey is already the egg solution, no?
Ooohh, that would look cool!
Mine is Grass Fairy and its tail basically opens to resemble a fruiting bush.
I love wimpod !! It's really cool to have a deap sea isopod pokemon then ! I'm a huge fan of them and get to brag abt smth new
201 just to fuck over Regieleki
[looks into your pants from over your shoulder](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/GD8ZEfAW0AAVOX8.jpg:large)
    I fucking ugly cackled you monster.
Warphin. Type(s): Water/Dark. Ability: Illusion, Hidden Ability: Good as Gold. Base Stats: 100 HP/87 Atk/100 Def/160 SpAtk/106 SpDef/100 Spd. Egg Groups: Field/Water 2. 















Pokedex: Entry A:This pokemon spends its days among the Finizen of its natural habitat. When a Palafin reveals itself, this normally peaceful pokemon embraces its dark and scheming tendencies until either itself or the Palafin perish in combat. Entry B: This pokemon spends its days among a council of Finizen, but hold a rivaly to Palafin resembling that of a Seviper and Zangoose.
    I’d give it a signature ability called “Hidden Malice” that plays with the idea it’s in disguise and has another form with reduced stats but damage reduction until it attacks
At least you have Quaquaval now.
    I mean, it is a brazilian reference, yes. But I still imagine Gamefreak can do a lot more here.  
We have some interesting endemic animals that would work greatly as Pokémon. Knowing past games tho, GF might still bring animals from other places, Hawaii doesn't have koalas nor toucans lol.   
The capybara would be cool as it is a popular animal currently, specially in Japan apparently.  
The Harpy Eagle would be an awesome bird Pokémon, it can be the final stage Route 1 bird or something akin to Braviary, who knows.  
Regional forms would be fun too, like a 'brazilian' Toucannon, or a 'brazilian' Drowzee (we have Tapirs here too).   
For Starter Pokémon, I can imagine a fire snake that turns into the mythical Boi Tatá, a fire spirit that looks like a giant snake.   
I could think of more but I'm not feeling super creative rn haha.
Something tells me Pokemon Bra would be a lot more popular
    We could finally [discover the secret.](https://www.reddit.com/media?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreview.redd.it%2F3v9rxuln1an51.png%3Fauto%3Dwebp%26s%3D6e3a02a4ccf8d251a4e204135fcbba4f69ed87a7)
Pokemon 7 and Pokemon 1 /s
    Saved for the German release DLC.
🙁Pokémon Meh😒& 🥵Pokemon Xico🥵 CeroCampèão 🤘🏼☝🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥉🤭🏆🫵🏽🙌🏾👏🏻💪🏼🇲🇽🇲🇽🥳🥉🏅
*bangs head *
Yeah... Weird...
Not guanaco?
I fucking ugly cackled you monster.
I’d give it a signature ability called “Hidden Malice” that plays with the idea it’s in disguise and has another form with reduced stats but damage reduction until it attacks
I mean, it is a brazilian reference, yes. But I still imagine Gamefreak can do a lot more here.  
We have some interesting endemic animals that would work greatly as Pokémon. Knowing past games tho, GF might still bring animals from other places, Hawaii doesn't have koalas nor toucans lol.   
The capybara would be cool as it is a popular animal currently, specially in Japan apparently.  
The Harpy Eagle would be an awesome bird Pokémon, it can be the final stage Route 1 bird or something akin to Braviary, who knows.  
Regional forms would be fun too, like a 'brazilian' Toucannon, or a 'brazilian' Drowzee (we have Tapirs here too).   
For Starter Pokémon, I can imagine a fire snake that turns into the mythical Boi Tatá, a fire spirit that looks like a giant snake.   
I could think of more but I'm not feeling super creative rn haha.
We could finally [discover the secret.](https://www.reddit.com/media?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreview.redd.it%2F3v9rxuln1an51.png%3Fauto%3Dwebp%26s%3D6e3a02a4ccf8d251a4e204135fcbba4f69ed87a7)
Saved for the German release DLC.
