[[What's Your Favorite Mon and Why]]





Crobat. They took a line everyone hated and made an awesome third stage that you have to have high friendship to evolve. Plus Crobat is tied for second fastest Flying type and has decent attack and movepool.
    And the fact that you know no matter which game you're playing he's usually ALWAYS there and is ALWAYS going to be a perfect member of literally any team.

Edit: Just realized no crobat in Sword/Shield OR Scarlet/Violet and I'm shocked we've been denied our flappy boi for so long. At least he still headlined my Legends Arceus team.
        You can get Golbat in Sw/Sh actually! Unfortunately, in order to find it in the wild you need to have the DLC, it's in the Crown Tundra. Alternatively you can trade with someone else that has it
            Ah ok that's why, I didn't get the dlcs so I played sans flappy boi lol
            Just looking at your flair of starters, you really favour the water types. No gen 1? Why is quaxley the only stage 1? 🤔
        And Zubat is usually low level pokemon so you can get one really early in the game for building up friendship. Most of the time, it evolves to Crobat right after it becomes Golbat after gaining one more level. 

If pokemon is real, fuck starters, get a Zubat. It is easy to find, easy to evolve, can fly and really strong.
            My Golbat usually evolves at level 23, I always use the Zubat line when I can, was buzzing when Leech Life got that boost
        He is my favorite and he was my first shiny in PLA, that’s how I knew the game was gonna be 10/10
    Same, boss. Crobat shreds ass.
        This is so cool. Wasn't expecting to see my favorite pokemon at the top of the comments! Crobat is the best and it's beautiful to see so many other fans!🥲

Crobat was my imaginary pet growing up and help me through some hard times. We've got a real special bond.
    crobat is one of my favorite too
    I didn't think anyone else loved Crobat as their fav but seeing all the upvotes is awesome!

You nailed his reasoning. He's that ugly bat thing most people overlooked but if you love it enough it will evolve for you. And because he's normally in starting areas as Zubat I get one and ditch my main a lot lol
    I do like crobat he's cool
    FUCK YES!!!! Crobat!!!!!!! 🤘🏻 I always thought he was a Dark type, but no, he was just a more useful Flying/Poison type. I never left my home in New Bark without one.
    I once caught a shining Zubat. Took me a while to evolve it but eventually i got a shining badass Crobat!
    One of the only shinies I ever found back then was a shiny golbat in sky pillar. Ever since then I always stick a crobat on my team every game I can
    My crobat destroyed everything with wing attack!!
    Crobat consistently makes my final team in any playthrough of a game with zubat in it. Also I have 4 shinies and I’ve never even shiny hunted it
    That's my favorite too. He has so many good attacks that have a high crit hit chance.
    Bro, I can't tell you how surprised I am that someone else loves crobat. He's been my favorite pokemon ever since he and my infernape clutched up against Cynthia in platinum. I've used him in every game I've played he's available in.
    I mean, mine LOOKS like a ditto evo (swalot) purple evolution gang!
    Crobat's got a great design, which I was glad about since Golbat is kinda derpy. Also its speed is the reason I've used it in my rain teams, since I never liked Politoed or Pelipper enough to use them just for Drizzle. Crobat can just guarantee Rain Dance then dip with U-Turn.
    Was coming here to say crobat for less eloquent reasons. They’re just so cool and kind of cute. I always got super attached to my Pokémon so having them evolve by friendship helped make them that much more special. Genuinely don’t even know what happened because it became my favorite within the last handful of years and I guess having one just became a staple haha.
    Crobat Squad
Tyranitar. I remember first seeing a Larvitar back on Silver and catching it, and wondering what it evolved into. Flash forward to level 55 and I was instantly hooked. Been that way for 20+ years ever since.

Very close second lately is Kingambit, simply because he’s just a beast.
    My favourite too, my first game that I played properly was soul silver and my older sister had heart gold. After the first gym my sister traded me a larvitar egg she bred.
    He’s mine as well because during red and blue my friend had 3 Mewtwos and just nothing could beat them all along with his Zapdos, Blastoise, and Swords Dancing Sycther. Now I’m not saying there couldn’t be a counter to handle that but at that age whatever we were like 5th and 6th grade nothing clicked or worked anyways, then Gold and Silver come out my friend basically rushes through the game and then got his team over to keep his spot on the top, meanwhile me exploring every nook and cranny that game had to offer with the time change mechanic discovered larvitar, caught it and because it was green was intrigued as greens my favorite color, fast forward to 55 it’s a Tyranitar now and by 60 I’m more or less soloing the entire elite four with it using Crunch, Rockslide, Earthquake and Hyper Beam, by now I’m just grinding him to level 100 and since my Charizard and Dragonite were already there I’d been fucking around with the breeding system trying to get the hang of it and make sense and then I get the bright idea after seeing that Charizard and Tyranitar cold breed to try it out with one of my lower level Charizards and next thing I know I’ve put outrage on one along with Crunch and Rockslide and eventually FireBlast and then I just straight up wrecked my friends Mewtwos and his Scizor my Charizard crispified which was his back up ace thinking he could survive long enough to get two sword dances off lol.
        Hey bud…I hate to be the one to break this to you…but your buddy had a GameShark…
            Lol no, we looked down on GameShark users, those were all legitimately gained, one kid traded his for his eevee, and another traded his for his kabuto
                That's honestly kinda funny. Who would want an Eevee or Kabuto and give up one of if not the most powerful pokemon in Generation 1?
                    Definitely most powerful by far in gen 1
    Similar with Aron. Thought its final form was Lairon.

Oh boy, when it evolved to Aggron... That was a shock. I really like Aggron's aesthetic. Shame Mega Aggron looks off.
        Those light blue eyes really complete the look, contrasting the whole giant metal monster theme.
    Have you ever played the rom hack Pokémon Prism? You start off with a Larvitar
    Was happy I didn’t have to scroll far to see the goat man.
    YES
Cyndaquil. Holds a dear place in my heart as being the first game I played and first starter I picked.
    2nd game I played but worked my ass off to buy it with my own money, made my grandma take me to best buy to pick it up day one and the car ride home I immediately started playing it.  From the three starters I instantly chose little fire mouse first and been in love with the line since.  Always named him Maximus every chance I get to carry my guys legacy.
    same. real ones rise up
    Mine its Typhlosion. Little Cyndaquil turned into a badass firetype that can use Earthquake and Thunderpunch? Holy hell.

The best way to describe my journey its the Pokemon Golder series on Youtube, to the the point of facing Red with only Typh being my viable Mon.

Some amazing memories I have playing Crystal. Simpler times.
    Based and Cyndapilled
Lapras is my favorite, because as a child in the very early 2000s, I felt like some sort of wizard finding out about it's Friday catch spot without any help other in the gen 2 games. The npc that says something about hearing "cries coming from deep within" or whatever in union cave was the only thing I needed to make a habit out of visiting it until something cool happened. Lapras has been my go to l Numero uno ever since. Can't wait to transfer my 20+ family of beloved Nessies from all across the generations to scarlet and violet.
    I love Lapras so much!!
    That's my go to play whenever I play Johto too. And then you can pick a Natu up as well.
    I loved it changed from near extinct into overcrowded
My normie answer is Gengar for many reasons but main was is I loved its first gen sprite but never had a friend to trade evolve so I was always just envying agathas. My non normie is Misdreavus who was my first ever lvl 100, I love ghost types and it’s so cute
    This is the correct answer!
    Gengar for life. I pretty much do ghost only runs now in any pokemon game if i can. The scene in pokemon origins where he shadow sneaks out Agatha’s cane. God damn that was cool.
    Mine is gengar as well, I loved the startup battle scene in blue / red and always wanted one as a kid but never figured out how to evolve haunter.
My favorite is Swampert. I had an obsession with Mudkips in my earliest days of being a Pokemon fan (still kinda do when I come back to the series). But once I witnessed the evolutionary line, I finally became even more obsessed with Swampert! Not sure why, it's more of the instinctive feeling back then that made me think he looked cool and tough. I still really love the design. Pretty good in battles as well. 

On a side note, Hoenn region has a lot of my favorite Pokemon now that I think about it.
    Swampert has been and always will be my favorite starter. It’s tanky, hits like a truck, and only has one weakness. I’m seriously hoping it comes back in the Scarlet/ Violet DLC along with the other hoenn starters.
        [I have some good news.](https://nintendoeverything.com/list-of-returning-pokemon-for-scarlet-and-violet-dlc-seemingly-leaked/)
            Guess I’ll be replacing QuaQuaval soon then
                I nearly lost my mind when I saw Blaziken was coming back.  My first Ribbon Master is the Cherish Ball/Speed Boost Blaziken from X/Y.
        My first Pokemon card I ever got was in like 1997 and it was a Growlithe. So naturally Growlithe/Arcanine was my first and all-time favorite evolution line.

Then when Gen 3 came out I saw the Mudkip/Marshtomp/Swampert line and it instantly overtook everyone else and became my second favorite.

Then I saw that episode where someone battled with an Arcanine/Swampert combo and it was awesome. I was so happy I went out and made sure to copy it on my game.

I was so sad in my first double battle with them when I tried using Surf and it instantly KOed my Arcanine. So I healed up and had another double battle. I realized surf would kill my Arcanine so I decided instead to use... Earthquake. Yeah....

So I stopped using them as a combo but kept both as my favorites.
    I heard you liek Mudkips
        Heck yeah, I do! That meme alone brings back so many memories for me lol.
    That entire line is GOAT'd
Snorlax. Really good design and just living his best life, honestly. It's so hard to choose just one though.
    Every time I see a Snore boy I have to toss him in the party for at least 3 hours of gameplay just to give him the respect he deserves.
    Such a chill mon but can kick butt too. I do love me some Snorlax
    MOOD
    Same. Snorlax is also normal, the coolest of all typing
Growlithe/Arcanine because Doggo.
    I had to scroll way too far for this. Best Pokémon ever.
        I used the search within the thread function for the first time to stalk other arcanine lovers
    Giant fluffy doggo is bestest and goodest boy ever. Also, true legendary. Certified by me.
        The only one known as The Legendary Pokémon
            It's not simply A Legendary Pokémon, but THE Legendary Pokémon.
    It's not only super fluffy, it's probably super warm because it's a Fire-type! The most huggable Pokémon ever!
    Bro the tiger dog is my absolute favorite. Has been since I was 6. Thank you.
    My fave as well! As a little kid I always was like dang it would be cool to ride an Arcanine into battle
Feraligatr. He was my first Pokemon and carried me though the whole game plus elite 4 and champion I just love the big crocodile 🐊
    And you can’t forget how stinking cute Totodile is, genuinely my favorite starter out of all the games
        Totodile is really cute too
    Plus he's DUMMY THICK in his gen 3 back sprite.
Haunter.
    [deleted]
        I didn't like any pokemon that required trading to evolve purely because I knew I'd never be able to get them. It felt like a personal attack that I had no friends to trade with lol
        Same. Shout-out to Kadabra and Haunter gangs!
        Seriously I love gengar line so much but as someone without friends the evolution method always annoyed me. I can't believe trade evolution isn't removed already.
        Shout out to Mindy who gives you a haunter
    Massive respect! Johto’s most useful mon! 👍🏻
    Haunter>Gengar
Altaria! Fluffy clouds, a gentle personality, and it's a song bird (since I'm a musician I could play along with it).
    And it learns earthquake!! 🔥
    Altaria low key would just be so fun to cuddle and vibe with. I don’t sing, so we’d probably just smoke a little weed from time to time because dragon types are cool like that.
        It would be so trippy to do that around an Altaria, and it may be one of the safer Pokémon to have with you while smoking.
Definitely Blaziken. He was my first starter in the first ever game and console I owned, was my first ever independent purchase as well technically.  He's been my partner in almost every playthrough of all the games I was able to bring him into, and is just in general a mon with a special place in my heart. Still waiting to eventually bring my old-man ninja-chicken to scarlet whenever that'll be possible.
    Same, my first game was emerald, and I exclusively used him (never finished it, tho). Now whenever I play a Pokémon game, I'll always name my starter after my first Pokémon, Beany.
Probably Porygon, I always thought it looked cool.
    Same man Porygon is dope
    Porygon did nothing wrong!!
        true, it was all pikachus fault yet porygon took the fall
            Porygon watching the anime right now: 🙃
                Justice for Porygon!
    This is the same reason he’s my favorite. He just looks pretty dang cool. Wasn’t expecting to see Pory so high up!
    I see you are a person of culture. I agree fully
Ampharos, Just absolutely aesthetic.
    Mega Ampharos was one of my favorite megas. The Ampharos line is lovely as well
    I literally stuck to my promise of not getting Sword/Shield because of Ampharos being my absolute favorite since gold.
    I remember playing silver and just sitting in school thinking about how cool my Ampharos was
That is my old boy!! He was tough as nails and availible by the second gym! Look at my good ol’ boy NIDOKING!!!!!! 

Second to him was Houndoom, because of his aesthetic as a hellhound based on a doberman pinscher, but he’s a Fire/Dark type, which was both familiar to me, and new.
    Love the second choice. If Houndoom is available in game he's always on my team. Then they made him a mega evolution...Whaaaaaat!
        I didn’t like his Mega evo, because it was a gimmick when they couldve given him a regular 2nd stage. It’s also underwhelming that you’d only be able to get him late in EVERY game. Him and Murkrow deserve more than that since they’re an Arcanine/Ninetails alternative.
            In Scarlet, I got a houndour early on. It was exciting to get one so early in the game because Houndoom is my favorite!
                Same! I found mine in the cave at the beginning and was so excited I could play through the game with my favorite partner. I actually caught a 3iv too. Named him Garmr
            Platinum you can catch one before the fourth gym, that’s pretty early!
    Nidoking you say?! *speed running noises increase*
Donphan all the way
    Thats a good one ngl hes up there
    One of my favourites! Gen 2 was so hyped up for after playing Red. Seeing Donphan for the first time in Pokémon the First Movie was amazing!

Gen 2 will always be my favourite.
    My wife we scream very loud for a Phampy.
Aggron:

-It's a freaking dinosaur made of steel;
-It eats fucking metal and ores;
-each individual rules over an entire hecking mountain and it even restores the mountain's environment when landslides, floods or forest fires happens;
-it's japanese name is "Bossgodora" , which is a mix of "Boss", "God" and "Dragon";
-it's defense Stat is incredibly high and when it mega evolves, it's in the top 3 Pokémon with higher defense. If that wasn't tough enough, it also has sturdy as an ability;
-it's a freaking dinosaur made of steel.
    Just gotta watch out for those ground-type attacks, though...

Or water attacks that go against your much lower special defense stat rather than your defense stat.
        One of the sets I thought for Aggron takes advantage of those weaknesses:  


\-Aggron with evs and ivs maxed in HP;  
\-an opponent pokemon which you are sure to one shot Aggron;  
\-Sturdy;  
\-Metal Burst;  
\-Red Card.  


If they try to one shot your Aggron, you instead one shot one of their pokemon randomly; I call it the "Aggron Roulette".
    Epic!
Leafeon, just love the design and it ain't weak from my experience with it. Might not be the best eevee or grass type in battle but I love the design.
    Oh god, I knew I recognized your profile pic.
        XD. Uh you know, I do like that artstyle a lot.
            I never thought I'd see it again but here it is
                It's been several years since I read it and it's still coming back to haunt me... my god...
                    It's been a while since I've read it too
    Oh god the sussy leafeon art xD
    Wrath pfp
Snorlax for me I just like his vibe
    And his Giga Impact, Rest
Gloom

But one of my first pokemon playthroughs on the blue version was with nidoking as my main mon, hes always got a place on my team
    Oddish has my heart. I have an oddish tattoo.
        Looking for this comment!!! Oddish is my fave too!!! My heart goes out to this lil guy!! All the way!!!
            Oddish gang rise up lmao
    He was great early on in gen 1. So powerful and could learn a wide range of moves.
    Gloom carried my team in Let's Go Pikachu, I might have been consistently underleveled (kinda happens when you avoid wild encounters), but that didn't matter because Gloom's debuffs wrecked face
Raichu
    Raichu is my favorite as well. I put a Raichu in my team every time it’s possible. Every raichu I use I try to make sure he has Body Slam. 

So I can go: “Ehhh Raichu give it annuda Bodeeey Slam!”

Lt Surge shoulda won the rematch.
    I hate how little love he gets compared to pichu and pikachu
        Same hopefully we get a paradox version
            Ooo, could make it a past paradox and finally use that scrapped Gorochu design!
                Absolutely, they have an opportunity and blow it :(
    Fuk yeah. Raichu for life!
    I prefer alolan raichu honestly
    My favorite as well, for the last 20+ years
Jolteon, will always hold a place in my heart. Got it to level 100 on either colosseum or xd. I just love his design. I've always loved electric mons and dogs are boss and he kinda fit both but when I got to Gen 3 I fell in love with Flygon. Like the shit younger cousin of Salamence but I just loved the aesthetic. Especially shiny Flygon, sadly never caught a real shiny, however I did manage it on Radical Red xD

Also gotta throw out a mention to Starmie, almost always on my team. Just a solid pokemon.
    Jolteon *IS* the best Eevee! Go look at Gary/Blue’s team in Yellow and how it works out if you don’t believe! 👍🏻
    A fellow Jolteon enjoyer I see
    Jolteon is one of the OG best designs. That dark Jolteon card is so damn clean
Umbreon and zoroark all day
This might sound lame but Pidgey. It was the first pokemon I caught on pokemon yellow outside of the tutorial catch, the one who helped me defeat brock and grew into a pidgeot that stayed in my team till the end, even helping to defeat the elite four. Much respect to that little bird who could.
    Not lame at all. Mine is Taillow. Pidgey is a close second. But I am based, because I like birds. A lot.
        Found the bird catcher!
    That's legit. Ash's Pidgeot was one of my favorite Pokémon in the anime. The first time I saw Falkner and his Pidgeot too, I thought it was amazing.
    Pidgeot is 100% in my top 5
        Pidgeot was def my fave!
    Yea, I was going to say Pidgeot. Pidgey was always the first pokemon I ever "caught," and staying with him until he evolved into Pidgeot was always rewarding.
    Same Story for me Different Bird. My Spearow carried me all the way to the Elite4 in Pkmn with lvl 94 being the Highest lvl Pkmn I Had. I legit destroyed everything with this Bird
    Not lame! I love the Pidgey family too! Pidgeot is one of my top 10 fave pokemon
Glaceon. Its call, to me, is one of the best. Also one of the first eeveelutions I picked up when I got back into pokemon with X/Y. Made a fire/ice team centered around Glaceon. Had 2; one was the "tank" (did not bother with IVs up until this point so that Glaceon had abnormally high defense, special defense and speed.) than the other was the glass(ice) canon and had high special attack and speed. 

Going back into my childhood though, Ninetails or Raichu were my favorites growing up.
    Glaceon team! 

I didn't think it through as much as you did though. I first saw Glaceon in Pokémon Ranger Shadows of Almia and I instantly thought he was the best, purely because he's cute and cool. 15 years later I got a glaceon sweater and 3 plushies, and I always get him in my team.
        Sweater reveal??? I need one!
    GLACEON SQUAD
    Glaceon is by far my favorite eevelution.
My Bulbasaur named Buddy. Generally the same reason. He was my favorite starter in Gen 1 I still enjoy using him more than any starter and remake him in every gen I can. 

I generally recommend each person having their team of favorites. Not just strong mons, but favorites. a group that you as a pokemon trainer might actually realistically get.
Mine is

Venusaur
Alakazam
Toxicroak 
Stoutland
Cramorant
Tinkaton

No legendaries mysticals or even pseudos. Just mons I like and runner ups are many and varied. Not competitive at all and even doubles poison, but in most cases if asked to make my best team this is what it is. Tinkaton is obviously a new addition and if they are all in the DLC I can really see how this works out. It is the most likely to be replaced next gen though still.
    Bulbasaur numbah 1
    Bulbasaur supremacy!!
    Bulbasaur gang rise up!!!
    \#1 in dex, #1 in our hearts.
    Had to scroll way too far to find the right answer.
Volcarona. Beautiful, powerful, one of the best mons from a type gamefreak treats so badly, fluffy, warm and has multiple arms to give great hugs.
    I remember seeing it the first time in White. It was MAJESTIC
Sableye he has gems and I want gems
Suicune idfk y
Kingler, it uses Crab Hammer and goes "cookie cookie"
I know this will sound silly, but I'll always have a special place in my heart for Blastoise and it's entire family line.
Being my very first pokemon I've ever owned in a game, plus being a female made it so special to me. I will always love her, no matter what.
    Awesome wholesome.
    Blastoise is a beast. Very good all around and tough af.
    Not silly at all, Wartortle is in my top 10 pokemon
Dragonite best girl
    ye dragonite's shiny is criminally underrated
    Surprised I had to scroll so much to find my baby. Dragonite is a criminally good.
Garchomp. Top Design. Strong as hell. Memorable. And its the signature Pokémon of the strongest champion of all time
All about that Banana neck Bronto named Tropius.

In a real life scenario, you could ride him, use him for shade from the sun, and his fruit neck would help feed you. Ultimate survival friend.
Arcanine.... its the best boy. he looks so noble.
Krookodile. Mine basically soloed the elite 4 in first game being pokemon black.
It’s Typhlosion every time, I just love my big fiery boy
Vaporeon
( and don't you f***ing dare post the vaporeon copy pasta )
    Hey guys, did you know that in terms of Water-Type Pokemon and teambuilding versatility, Vaporeon is my favorite Pokemon? Not only is it in the Field egg group which allows for an amazing egg move pool, but Vaporeon also has a Base HP of 130 and Base Special Defense of 95, which means they’re bulky enough to be able to handle special sweepers and their impressive Base Stat for HP and a comparatively solid Base Defense, this means they can tank rough attacks. Due to their singular Water typing, there’s no doubt in my mind that a min-maxed Vaporeon would be incredibly bulky. So bulky that you could easily switch on prediction for turns without getting swept. They can also learn the moves Wish, Substitute, Heal Bell, Toxic, and Scald, along with having Haze to prevent setup, so it’d be incredibly easy for one to tank for your team. With their abilities of Water Absorb and Hydration, they can easily recover damage with enough strategy. No other Pokemon comes close to this level of versatility. Also, fun fact, Vaporeon has the highest HP Stat of all Eeveelutions. Vaporeon is literally built to tank on the switch. Rock-solid Defense stats + high HP Pool + Acid Armor means it can take attacks all day, all shapes and sizes, and still come for more.
        *sigh of relief* finally a good copypasta
Beedrill!
She was in my first ever Pokémon game! I had her as my follow Pokémon early on, tho she was pretty weak and not the best battler I just couldn’t take her off my team! I became really attached and always loved interacting with her! She always like the flowers and she also had a gentle nature which I thought was super sweet!

It’s been almost 4 years since then and I have had many different Pokémon teams in different games and ones I have grew to adore! But still Beedrill has remained my all time favorite ever since!

It’s kinda funny as if you had asked me before ever playing a real Pokémon game my thoughts on Beedrill I would have just told you I thought they were a cool mon but now I would tell you they are my all time favorite! Playing the games can make you really love and attached to Pokémon you might not suspect!
Heracross
    Surprised I had to scroll this far to see some love for my favorite bug Boi. He's got the coolest design, and I have fond childhood memories of headbutting trees for hours like a madman to find him.
They need to canonically change Nidoking's height to like... 7'. My man seems like he'd be big and imposing, but he is like 4' 7".
    I always remind myself that Pokédex entries are written by 10 year Olds.  I doubt their ability to gather accurate data on Pokémon average sizes. ;)
    Tbf, that WOULD still be big and imposing to the 10 year old trainers in the game.
Ninetails. Loved it before it’s hidden move for sun, loved it after. Love it’s Alolan form.
    Vulpix/Ninetails has been my favourite since the OG cartoon. I always assume that everyone loves it and that it’ll be way more popular than it is!
It's my scyther. Scissor and kleavor are cool and all but, give me my buggy boy any day
    Hell ya.
Scyther just never gets any love but he would. Not. Quit. On Ash.
Raichu. It’s just so adorable.
    Yea raichu my fav hope it’s get a past paradox gorochu vibes
Mew. I admire him. All the power in the world and he just uses it to have fun and enjoy life (and sometimes tease trainers). I feel like it's what I would do heh
Dratini. I’ve always loved water types, and I’m also a huge fan of snakes and cute pokemon. It literally takes everything I like and smashes it into one pokemon. Love dratini
    Its not water type though
        I know but it has the vibes. My favorite pokémon are always due to design motifs, which I totally should have clarified lol
Chandelure
Rowlet. I like plants, I like birds. Plus he rotund.
    He’s so good. I love them so much
Houndoom

Remember playing crystal as a kid and stumbled upon him. Through a poker all and caught it. Leveled hin up and shredded the Kanto gyms and red. 

Plus him having 2 of the best artworks pokemon has ever seen. 

Top tier pokemon.
Definitely Salamence grew up on Emerald and I love him
Quagsire definitely. I love it’s vibe, and it’s Pokédex entry: “A dim-witted Pokémon. It doesn't care if it bumps its head into boats or rocks while swimming.” That’s a mood
I like omastar
    Team Fossil represent!
    All hail Lord Helix!!
First Gen, I always loved Sandslash

Second Gen, Scizor

Third Gen, Hariyama

I retired after Gen 3 and became my nephew's real-life Prof Oak and guided them through their first games (Gen 4).

"I was once a young trainer like yourself, you know"
    Sandslash is such a good design.
Spheal, Cute, Chonky and Round
Hydreigon he is a very good boy
Pokémon red - charizard first ever starter, first Pokémon game I played and was hooked. It evolves into a fire breathing dragon ( I know not a dragon but was to me 20+ years ago) 

Love lots of others like Tyranitar, swampert, metagross, gengar, Machamp, snorlax, pidgeot, kingdra, garchomp, hydregion, Gardevoir, blastoise, venasaur, nidoking  etc. but charizard is my number 1
    If charzard ISNT a dragon, wtf is he?
        Nahhh Charizard is definitely a dragon, even if it's not Dragon type. The Dragon type lost its meaning when it was attributed to seahorses, a bird, and a palm tree.
    My older brother got red and refused to share with me, because of the single save file. I was a sad 8 yr old, until my parents bought me blue. I was still sad at first because Blastoise didn’t look as cool as Charizard, but after our first battle and me wiping the floor with his sorry Charizard ass I changed my mind quick and Blastoise is the OG for me.
Hitmonlee was my favorite all time since playing red and blue when they first came out
    Was a Hitmonchan guy myself, but still - respect.
Shukle! I decimated a friend's entire team of 6 in gold. Just a tiny unhittable rock. One of the longest matches I've ever had.
    Don't fuckle with Shuckle

My brother would decimate his classmates' teams with Shuckle and Ninjask growing up
My favorite is noivern. I have no reason. I just think he looks very awesome.
    Noivern and noibat were some of my faves the region they came out. Mine had strong arms from carrying the team later on lol
Crobat - universal multiregional birb.
Teaches acrobatics (although it seems not everywhere)
total stats are higher than those of CHARIZARD
and the design is good
Mine is Banette, because it's design, concept, types and the little fella needs a lot of love, almost anybody even knows it
    Babette was one of my faves when I was younger (Sapphire was my first game)! Absolutely loved having one on my team
        I also had one in Ruby
Pikachu. When I was 4 my grandma gave me a Pikachu coin purse that she found at a rummage sale. She didn't know what it was, but she knew I liked cute and colorful things so she bought it for me. I didn't know what it was either, but somehow I learned that it was "from a cartoon" and I started watching that. Some months later I got a talking Pikachu and, because that one was harder to lose, I took him *everywhere*. I tried to take him to my first day of kindergarten but Pokemon weren't allowed because someone kept stealing them. I did take him to my high school graduation though.


So, for introducing me to my first and longest running special interest and for being my partner for nearly 25 years, Pikachu is and always will be my favorite.
    Pikachu I choose you (too)! I played Yellow when I was a dumb little kid, and my mom got me a chunkachu figure. Sableye, Azumarill, Deoxys, and Talonflame are close seconds but Pikachu is still my number 1
My fav normal pokemon is heracross cuz i like the bug its got the concept of

My fav box legendary is kyogre cuz SEA BISON


my fav mythical will always he deoxys cuz FLYING SPACE virus
Breloom. 

My older brother got Sapphire and I got Ruby for our first games. I was really young so he convinced me to trade my Groudon for his “super rare” Breloom. It took me years to realize I’d been tricked, but I still love Breloom.
Starmie. Really cool design for a starfish pokemon and it can learn many different typings and have insane move coverage especially in the first 3 gens or so.
Levl 16, triple stage mon thats cooler than the early butterfly and bee, letssssssssssssss go my KING and QUEEN
Reuniclus. The whole line really. I just love the weird smiley cell bois
It’s so hard to nail down one favourite but it’s gotta be Charizard. I love Ash’s Charizard it’s the only one I care about in the anime. Had an Awesome appearance in the Entei movie and is a loveable goof ball like Ash sometimes. It was also my first starter in fire red.


Honourable mentions: Sceptile, Lucario, Haxorus, Ferrothorn, Deoxys and Dragonite.
    I cannot believe how far I had to scroll before I found another Haxorus fan.

I have now carried one through White and White 2 this year and I can safely say that it's my favorite Dragon type now.   And it's also *absurdly* powerful.  Without a doubt my best Pokemon on either my White or White 2 teams.
Favourite Pokémon overall? Wooper, because it’s an axolotl and axolotls are my favourite animals. I have a lot of very, very close seconds that could arguably take the top spot though:

- Serperior

- Decidueye

- Trevenant

- Mimikyu

- Volcarona

- Zoroark

- Hydreigon

- Kyurem

- Reshiram

- Virizion

- Yveltal

- Xerneas

- Gastrodon

- Litwick

- Chandelure

I could go on lol
Greninja or Lucario,  Greninja because he's the first starter ai ever choose and Lucario because when I use him on a playthrough he always ends up MVP (especially in SV)
Grimmsnarl. Weird fairy who hangs out in a forest full of glowing mushrooms doing mischievous things.
My forever favorite is Eevee but the first Pokemon I really relied on in the game was Mightyena
Smeargle, I love his concept and think he’s so chill and cute, also I paint too so there’s that
Mines lucario becuase my first shiny ever was a riolu from bw2 in Floccesy ranch

So ever since then it became my all time favorite 

But even before that shiny riolu I always loved the little guy’s design ever since sinnoh and lucario just made it better
Dreepy because look at his face
Torterra
Volcarona

 I like bugs, I like mothra, aw I love strong majestic looking pokemon, she saved my butt in many battles, literally has it's own Temple and worshippers, and pre evo is a little guy I would like to cuddle during cold weathers
Call me a gen oner. Call me a fanboy. But my first pokemon ever was Charmander when red and blue first came out. I love that he gets attention but I also hate how much attention he gets. It makes charizard feeled a touch watered down when it’s got a form or two in every generation.
Gardevoir. Been my partner since Ruby when I was young. There was something mysterious, awesome and powerful about her that it just clicked with me.
My most favorite is Mismagius because Witch hats are cool. Other favs are Spheal, Primarina, Delphox, Breloom, Mega Lopunny, etc
Snorlax. Because just look at him
Araquanid it carried me through Pokémon sun and ever since then I am in love with that spider.
I don't know that I have one single favorite. It seems to change based on how I feel. Right now I'd say...

Butterfree. This is my nostalgia pick. Always loved Ash's in the anime. Because of the scene with a bunch of them in Bye Bye Butterfree, my brother and I once drew a bunch of various Butterfree and then taped them all up on the walls and ceiling of our bedroom. That's a good memory of mine so that's one reason it remains one of my favorites.
My favorite Mon is Vaporeon.

I know, the memes and all, but I remember playing for the first time and going desperate trying to decide what to evolve my Eevee, and ended up picking Vaporeon because I thought it was adorable and pretty!

I love blue/light blue things, cats and Vaporeon looked so cute...As a kid I wanted a real Vaporeon so I could go to the pool and be safe with my water Pokemon, because I used to drown so much as a kid I was afraid of water...so I wanted a Vaporeon, to keep me company and help me if anything went wrong lol 

I love Articuno a lot too, but if we talking of a "pokemon you can actually have and it's not a legendary", Vaporeon is the first one I pick.
Either Rydon or Tauros for me- they are tied in my book.
Gengar. It always finds its way in my team in every game I play. I love its design and sinister disposition. It’s my favorite ghost type. It’s a glass cannon but the reward is worth it.
Pyukumuku’s just a funny little guy
I cannot personally choose only one but I have a list (the order is irrelevant)

1. Greninja

2. Umbreon

3. Vikavolt

4. Typhlosion

5. Gardevoir

why? personal reasons
Beartic, I really like it's design, polar bears are very cool and Beartic ain't an exception. And never disappoints in a playthrough.

Honorable mentions: Typhlosion (Both forms) Sirfetch'd, Flygon, Floatzel, Ursaluna, Koraidon, Skeledirge.
Sableye, little prankster guy. He's cute, he's chaotic. He's a little gremlin with great typing. If only he had decent stats, but it's fine, I still love him. Travel the world with the little bugger.
Aggron because Aggron is cool
Mightyena. I know it's not a very common favorite.. but it's mine. 

The reason why is because I always say it as the pokemon version of my dog. What made it better was that it was my first pokemon other than my starter in my first pokemon game, pokemon Ruby. 

A few months ago, I lost that dog, and even to this day I've been not so good mentally. But seeing mightyena just reminds me of her, so because of it, I will always love mightyena more than every other pokemon, as it's one that I feel I physically had a bond with. 

Even named it every time I can after my pup.
    I am legit crying. How. That’s so cute, and I’m sorry for your loss. I know what it’s like to lose a dog.
Gyrados. I like how the weakest Pokemon in the game becomes a badass dragon. I don't think the guy that is selling Magikarp is ripping off the player. He is giving them an opportunity to get a super cool Pokemon early as long as they have the patience to give it experience.
It's a tie between Charizard because he was my first pokemon, and Golurk because it's a rocket powered stone robot!
Aegislash. While I never had a truly "edgy" phase, I was regarded as the villain boss of my school's Pokémon club with a glass cannon Aegislash named Crownbreaker. No one could break through it. When I was finally dethroned I came back with a different Aegislash named Helmsplitter who was a toxic wall along with a hyper offense Blaziken.

That time may be long behind me, but Aegislash has never lost my love.
Typhlosion. Just Beast all the way thru
Infernape. First starter. Goated
Clefairy and Clefable, honestly the whole line is cute and ive grown a new appreciation for them recently. Big, Pink, Beefy, Cute. I've started collecting a few clefairy plushes as an adult guy.
Mega Charizard X. My god just look at him. He was ascended from the heavens down to Earth to be revealed.
Honestly Venusaur for the exact same reason.  And also Togekiss purely for the absolute glow-up it is from Togepi (and especially Togetic what the fuck).
Rockruff/Lycanroc - adorable little pupper! Also, his dusk form is orange (my favorite color)
I think Iron Valiant is the perfect example of what paradox pokemon should be. It looks so cool and I think it is a very nice concept and execution.
Slowpoke!!!!
How long do I have to scroll to see some Flygon love :(
typhlosion because
Heracross my first card ever, my first ex ever, and my first mega 

All by chance I didn’t go out of my way for them
Number 212
    Scizor love him too plus red my fav color
Golurk because the shiny form is just orgasmic.
Meowsticks and Umbreon, meow got me thru a good chunk of Y and Umbreon practically solo’ed Arceus for me :)
Noctowl my stoic friend shaped owl helped me to beat gen 2 when I was a small child and helped me win the Mt. Battle challenge in pokemon Colleseum.
Shiny Shinx. I don’t know why, but for some reason Pokemon decided to give me a full odds shiny Shinx for the last 3 Pokémon games I’ve played in a row! I already loved Shinx and Luxray, but this just sealed the deal.

It’s less that I chose the Pokémon, and that the Pokémon chose me.
Lucario…and then I got unlimited access to the internet, I mean they still are but just :(
Jolteon forever!

It’s so cute, I just wanna cuddle it.
I really love all of the eeveelutions, but Jolteon always stands out to me.
Electric type is also my favourite Pokémon type, with only 1 weakness.
I even based my fursona vaguely off of Jolteon, more specifically in the colours.
Typhlosion. It was my first Pokémon.
Dragonite. Fell in love with it as soon as I saw it on Lances team in leaf green.
Gallade. First ever mon I caught was a ralts and I evolved to a Gallade.
Magnemite, favorite two types on the same pokemon, and a great final stage
Spiritomb, I thought a pokemon made out of 108 souls in gen IV was cool and I love its design.
Togedemaru, it has so much in it. It has spikes, it can roll, it can glow in the dark, it's tail is a needle. Also it's really cute
Greninja
Feraligatr and Arbok, loved Totodile in the Anime  and Feraligatr feral look and Arbok was the MVP in my first Soulsilver playthrough 13/14 years ago
Those pokemon with :) or :> faces that look like they have zero thoughts, also Popplio and Cinderace for the same reason.
Zapdos. 

He’s the first legendary you can catch and he’s based on a thunderbird. What’s not to like?
Raichu was heartbroken when ash didn't evolve him, because I wanted a Raichu myself haha
Beedrill, my boy was the only bug to learn hyper beam on his own and out of the 2 early bug Pokémon was the road less traveled. It bugs me that they’ve left my boy out of the new generation. Part of the reason I don’t have it. He is a big angry wasp with giant needles for arms, had a signature move in gen 1 that was later to given to other Pokémon and I think it’s shiny is awesome.
Goodra

It likes hugs.
Gengar, I met the anime waaay before the games, and I loved Anime Gengar, the Prankster, it hurt my soul that I couldn't have one, because I live in a small town, and almost no one knew pokemon games existed, so no one had one to trade me a Haunter.

I always wished I could have one... I eventually did, and in Pokémon go, I have kept every Gengar with Three star rating and the shinies.

Pokémon Generations made me love him more because of the way he comes out of Agatha's ball

Gengar's Pokedex number is the reason of the 94 in my username
I don't really have 1 favorite. I just like a couple way more than others. They consist of Charizard, Electivire, Sceptile, and a couple more I can't think of at the moment.
BLASTOISE

BLASTOISE

BLASTOISE

BLASTOISE
Blastoise, from the pokemon promo before the game came out. The reason my dad had to hunt for an in stock blue version for weeks when I was young
Gengar. First ever traded Pokémon when I had a game boy in red version and I thought he had such a cool design and flexible move set. 

Runner up was Flareon…last Pokémon I needed to complete the original 150 Pokédex in the 7th grade.
There’s only one answer - BLASTOISE *water cannons protrude*
Squirtle. First game I played was pokemon blue so he was the first starter I used. Also, Squirtle squad was so funny to me as a kid in the cartoons.
Noivern cuz he’s cool
Zoroark because Zoroark
Mines golurk,something about a big beefy golem just really feels awesome.
Toxtricity, I just think it's a really cool design with a cool typing.
Slowbro and Espeon
Rayquaza. Since Emerald, it has been my snakey boi. My sweet Guardian of the Earth.

Non-legendary wise, Lucario and Gardevoir. I vibe very hard with the concept of "You don't need to talk for me to know how you feel. I already know." since I really struggle with expressing my emotions. Those two are super empathic and make me feel safe.
My favorite was Eevee for a long time, then it was Jigglypuff...

But Grimer oooooozed his little slime body into my heart and I've accepted that no matter how pink and fluffy I am, that Poison is my preferred type.

In Pokémon Go, Grimer was my first shiny, my first Alolan variant, and my first shiny Alolan. I've made my peace with it. If Pokémon were real, I'd be a boring middle-aged adult in the middle of nowhere, followed everywhere by a purple slime monster that I blame my dirty floors on.
Charizard since day 1 (whenever that was)

It's one of those things I can't remember when it was introduced to my life; it's simply always been there, and its always been my favorite pokémon
CTRL+F

"chatot"

0 results

:(
I’ve always been a milotic fan
Absol. 

I was around 11 or so when I first played Sapphire, and had played all previous gens, but something about her stood out so much to me. Just such a simple but flashy design. I thought she was a legendary until I found another one. 

Coupled with super luck, she’s a fun Pokémon to have on your team
Gengar, I love their design and theme. And imma get flak for being basic but I also love mew. I have these two as stuffed plushies that sit on my night stand.
Scizor!!
Charizard
Houndoom
Charizard. I don’t care if it’s generic. When I was little, I watched the show before playing the game, and I thought Charizard was just the coolest thing ever lol. I have lots of favourites, but ‘zard has always stuck with me.
I'm oddly obsessed with the tepig line. I have (almost) every card, even the rare ones. I have no idea why I'm attracted to it so much but I assume it's because I was first introduced to the card game when black and white came out. Loved him ever since. I have a plushie too!
Silvally, idk why i just like
Ninetales back in Gen 1. Went perfectly with my Bulbasaur!
Gardevoir. Back when I was a kid, I played Pokemon insurgence. At the time, the final battle was a brutal, overtuned double battle where your rival is useless. I had to remake my entire team from scratch. I dropped my starter.
I did not drop the regional form Gardevoir. Electric ice type that was an absolute monster. Zelda became the leader of a new team and carried me through that fight. I've had a fondness for her ever since.
Parasect. Big crab.
Hydreigon! Was my first to reach lv 100, I love my feral trash dragon
Gengar, perfect mix of cute and cool, had a cute lil story where I accidentally released my beloved Gengar in X and Y (I was new to the series), but due to my grief, I unintentionally closed the game without saving, and my boy was home. I actually thought that he had come back to me because he loved me lol
Lopunny, gardevoir, meowscara - definetly no reason what's so ever, yup.
Ludicolo. I just think he's neat, and he's got so much joy.
Special place in my heart for Yveltal and Delphox. I just really love Yveltal’s design, and Fennekin was my starter for Pokémon Y, which was my first proper introduction to the series.
A tie between Wooper and Skarmory. I have good memories of drawing the queen of Woopers one day, and Skarmory is just badass.
Gengar. You know that Onix got wrecked in the opening.
Golem, even though he gets a lot of hate he’s always on my team in any game I can catch a geodude. I love the design and remember how much of a staple he was against Zapdos. I remember running my golem with earthquake, rockslide, body slam and explosion. Good times 😊
Nidoking is my fav as well! It wasn't at first and I don't remember what made me love Nidoking, but I've had one on my team in the games it's possible to get one for years and years. Big menacing beast, I love it
Mine is Zorua, he very scrunkl and cute!!!
Nidoking definitely! I even have a gen 1 style pixel art tattoo of him
Nidoking is one of my favorite OGs. Absolute unit of a 'mon.
I really like Hypno! 'Hypnosis' to put them to sleep and 'Dream Eater' for damage and health.
Nidoking will always have a special place in my heart because Nidoran♂️ was the first shiny I ever caught. It was in the Safari Zone in Fire Red, area 2. It was the only Pokemon I purposely trained to 100 and ev trained. To quote DJ from monster house "The man is a legend."
Yamper my boi
Nidoking has been on every one of my teams in original blue and fire red
Nidoking is definitely probably one of my top 3 most in Gen 1. My boy Aegislash is the fave. Shout out to Tropius, Absol, Glaceon, and Umbreon. Probably my top 5 in that order.
Tyranittar. Because he’s clearly inspired by Godzilla (who I’ve loved ever since I can even remember as a child).
It will always be mega Absol for me
Lotad specifically, very small, very cute, such a good little creature
Annihilape or Meowstic

One will destroy God out of anger
         The other is baby
Gengar and Porygon-Z, I love the kind of characters that are floating pranksters
Scyther 🍃
Gengar. Cuz. Spoopy.
Umbreon, because the ass whooping he gave Alakazam in the anime.
Rhydon 

He's a cuddly tank, just allergic to wet grass is all... and punches, metal, his own dirt..... 

& Eviolite gives me a reason not to evolve him.
Legendary? Yveltal. Pokemon Y was my first pokemon game and as such Yveltal was my first legendary as well as the first pokemon i ever got to level 100. Also, i love its design and lore. 

Non legendary? Either Dunsparce or Centiskorch. I love dunsparce because of it’s design, but Centiskorch was one of the first pokemon i ever shiny hunted. I also remember spending multiple hours trying to get it’s G-Max forme.
Umbreon love how bulky it is. I beat gale of darkness with it and it helped tank hits catching the shadow Pokémon super effective moves
Klawf has stolen my heart and become my favorite
Zangoose, with that red line over the body.
Im just sad it isnt dark type, bc i think it deserves it. It is also not that great unfortunatley.

BUT THAT DESIGN HOLY MOLY !
AND THE SHINY BLUE ONE!
Venusaur and all the evolutions, it’s the most epic Pokémon imo.
Diglett for me! Was the first card i ever got and i fell in love with it. Insane speed plus great moves means he/Dugtrio always make my final 6

Gen 1 body slam got me so many flinches he could kill pokemon without taking a hit
Butterfree is the best hands down. Good speed always used sleep powder or hypnosis depending on the type then dream eater.
Haunter, only child with no friends means no Gengar. I love the whole line but Haunters slightly above the rest for the memories.
Gengar because ghost is my favorite type and he will always be the perfect representation of the type
Gengar. Whenever I finally got him back in red and blue days I freaked. It’s still one of my all time favs
Bulbasaur. My starter in Blue was actually squirtle, which was my first ever starter. I didn't fall in love with Bulbasaur until I watched the anime, it being both cute, and a bad ass. It instantly won my heart. 


I also like wynaut because, why not?
Mine will be the Bulbasaur from Yellow. He was the starter my mum chose. I don't know where he is now, but I hope he's happy ☺️
Gengar for the same reason as you picking Nidoking.
Wobbuffet has always been my best blue boy.  His derpy appearance and reoccurrence in the anime sold me on him.  Each generation that I could have him on my play through team, I would go out of my way to get him ASAP.
Yveltal and Psyduck
I’m also gonna say nidoking after finding out that I could not in fact shock the sprinklers like in the anime that line replaced pikachu every single play through of yellow I did.
Electabuzz. Remember enjoying taking photos of his funny face in pokemon snap when I was 9
It’s always been a tie between Raichu & Blastoise
I'm going to have to give it to my ride or die, Gyarados. Super solid stats, available early in every game, decent coverage, and great typing. I've never had a hall of fame picture taken without one on my team.
Golurk and Gallade, I just resonate with them idk
Cubone. I loved it when I was a kid because bones are badass. I love it now because it’s backstory is metal af. And it’s just a cute lonely guy that I want to befriend.
Great taste you have. Nidoking is one of the GOAT's.

As for me, I'd have to say Mewtwo. Awesome design and really powerful. Love it's backstory.

Close runner-ups are Nidoking, Rayquaza, Charizard, Feraligatr, Ampharos, and of course Woop Woop. He is the Fist.
Mewtwo for me. I didn't really have a huge grasp of what legendaries were back then and Mewtwo was, really, the first one that made me go "OHHHH SHIT"
Gyarados. Bought that magic carp. From that scammer in the pokemon center. Jokes on him though.
Favorite is Psyduck. Loved him since the beginning. Close second is Vulpix. I also have a soft spot for Bulbasaur (my first Pokémon in Red) and Ponyta (my first card).
Onix. My first pokemon. That moment in Gen 2 when i discovered Jasmine had Steelix little me was so excited!
Where my poliwhirl people at?
Dhelmise cuz its weird af, obscure, and forgettable, everything I strive to be in life
Imagine stanning for a Pokémon as tall as Ledian /s
Poliwag
Glaceon cause I love the look of it
Bulbasaur was my first starter, that's the Pokemon that introduced me to the world of Pokemon when I was 12 years old. 22 years later, I love Bulbasaur still. I guess it's a nostalgic thing.
I like Talonflame because it’s a fire bird and i LOVE birds
My boi tangela was always just good vibes
Appletun. Apple pie dragon. Love it so much. My friends have called me Pie for a few years now as a result.
Sableye, I love that little purple gremlin
Butterfree

I love my psychic butterfly.
Dragonite, Lapras, Arcanine, Amparos, Raikou are my all time top 5. Rapidash and Tyranitar are up there too. All dope designs with cool show/lore moments
Alakazam

Back in the gen 1 days he was just super mysterious which really appealed to me. And when properly buffed he could hit like a freight train.

It just always annoyed me because none of my friends played Pokémon so it took me ages to get my first one.
Easily Farfetch'd. Normal, flying, no evolution(until just recently). Unlike the other posers, he is just a duck. He becomes Farfetch'd when he has the determination to pick up a leek and battles. 

That willpower is unmatched.
my transfemness can’t help but love gardevoir. the colors, the typing, the cute first stage, the elegance. IT CAN BE BOTH GENDERS
So, um, Vaporeon, anyone?
My favorite pokemon of all time is Meganium. It was my first starter, has an awesome "cool but gentle" flower dinosaur design, and just makes me feel calm and happy inside lol. Chikorita seems more feminine to me, Bayleef feels more masculine and Meganium is the perfect combination of both. ☺️💚🌸
Mamoswine. Big, round, stompy, ground type. She's got it all
Arcanine, carried me through a bw2 randomizer and i always name one after my dog ever since (rest in peace pachi, i will miss you forever)
Clodsire, he’s a funny guy.
Bulbasaur, everything about him.
Venonat, always thought it was adorable. Also, the Venonat spinning toy from BK back in the day spun the best.
Definitely Mr Mime. My shiny one is named Mr. Crime on crystal. I have the funko Mr. Mime signed by the original theme song singer
Krookodile, I love its design. Ghost and Dark types are my favorites. And I loved Ash’s Krookodile in the anime.
Ralts. Coz cutest lil' dude
Shuckle 100%. 
I always loved his derpy design, unique typing, and the secret feature that he could make berries into berry juice in GSC. Despite all that, I thought he was a mostly useless concept pokemon in-game until maybe X/Y when I started to play online. Then I discovered that he was an absolute nightmare headache for other people to play against with infestation/power split/rest. As the saying goes, you don't fuckle with Shuckle.
My little Mime Jr. I messed up and missed my opportunity to evolve him, so, carried him in to one of the final battles where he withstood a photon geyser attack with 1hp. Then he took another one and took no damage because he loved me. After I won that battle, I let him retire because he earned it. I love you, Fluffo, my little clown 🤡❤️
Tyranitar. A badass from beginning to end. I imagine theyre really cuddly and sweet creatures too
    As long as you don't make them mad. Then, you'll have to redraw maps once they've calmed down.
Pikachu. My favorite of all the Pokémon, ever since childhood.
Dwebble for sure, it’s just a cool little hermit crab
I've always loved Hitmonlee and Scyther. No particular reason why for either of them. Just thought they were badass
Pidgey and Caterpie, those two actually formulated 1/3 of the types on my teams since gen 1. I find the bug and bird Pokémon at the start and level them as fast as possible, they get early power spikes and fall off (Ok not Pidgeot) but Butterfree turned into my status setter.
 Geodude. After two hours of rattatas and pidgeys it was the first one got to the max evo.
Initially Bulbasaur. I love grass types and he is my OG. My favorites for my team:
Sylveon 
Roserade
Absol
Arbok
Noivern
Ceruledge
I know it's not a team you can actually have in game but I feel in love with my ceruledge.
Onyx /steelix. Always loved the design.
Starmie because purple psychic jeweled space starfish are cool as hell
Ssssssss... Sceptile 😎
Where are the ditto fans??? Lil pink blob!
Noctowl.. it's an owl. Also, shiny is gold. Badass.
Sableye, it's such a cute little demon! Too bad they gave it a weakness..... you know the entire point of him.
I've liked Lucario ever since Pokemon Platinum after I had a special Riolu you could transfer from Shadows of Almia. Then PMD: Explorers of Sky solidified it as a favorite.
Swampert, he's such a beast, and what isn't badass when a water poke resists electric? And he looks badass.
Glaceon, I love Eevee and all it's evolutions but something about winter cat speaks to me. Maybe it's because I'm from Minnesota, but I love Glaceon. It would be my ace if I was a Gym Leader/Champion. Even named my Secret Base in ORAS after a fictional team name "Team Glacier" with a full Ice-type team, so I consider myself an Ice-type Master with Glaceon being my ace.
I don't think anyone shares my love, but Sableye!
Agreed!! When I first played Gen 1 I got one and he was such a badass
Eevee, because for a variety of reasons, one of them
Though is just how it looks, it's just cute.
I have never had a Nidoking in a party, but it has always been my favorite Pokemon. It looks so cool to me, its typing combination is very rare, it was the final Pokemon of the last gym leader (and villainous team boss) and I always felt it was hard to train because its level-up move pool is so limited. Just a badass Pokemon all around.
Kabutops, love ancient things, love the shiny.
Finally narrowing it down to 1 it’s Gliscor. Design typing and personality all hit for me.
Krookidile for the longest time I told people it was typhlosion because it was my first ever Pokemon but over time I have realized that krookidile has surpassed him... The sleek design, the fact that dark type is my favorite and everytime I go through unova I have to actively stop myself from using him again haha
Quagsire. He's a goofy tank of a mon and I love him
Same
Medicham. I love the typing, fighting has always been my favorite and getting good coverage with badass psychic powers. And the knees!! The monstrously powerful knees!!
Gengar

Ghosts are my favourite type and he is the OG. Nothing i wouldn't do for that purple fella.
cyndaquil and it's for a very weird reason

1. sees him on a roblox video as a child
2. gets attached
3. clings onto him for entire life

i would just like to say i have only played 3 pokemon games, sword, PLA, and scarlet, and i haven't even finished the last two, i dont have a lot of options
Leafeon <3 I've always loved the Evees, and I got into Pokémon around Gen4 when Glace and Leaf were first introduced. Leafeon is just a really cute Pokémon, and I enjoy the movesets the grass types get. Possibly unrelated but I also have a really good friend who loves Glaceon, and we ended up making alt accounts on PSN under those names so we could match up
Dewott because I love otters and they look awesome
gengar
Chandelure. I used hime to sweep through the e4 and champ in my white nuzeloxke
Venusaur. Bulbasaur was my first, venusaur was my best pokemon and to this day I always use him when I can. 

Not counting him probably Donphan, Torkoal, or Heracross depending on what day you ask me.
mewtwo. mewtwo was the top of the class in gen 1 and 2. moreover, its still really powerful now. first pokemon with some deep backstory. also, it just looks really cool. i also like charizard cause hes a fuckin dragon.
Hard tie between Quagsire and Golurk. Quagsire because just look at him and Golurk for no reason I just really love it
Giratina. She's Dragon/Ghost, my favorite types. Version mascot for my first ever game. Love her design, the Distortion World, her lore, her cry, her shiny, her movie, everything.
Zangoose. Idk, the edge? The passive look? The minimalist color palette? Now I want a sweater
Spheal is so awesome and I love the way they roll around
I will forever and always LOVE Dragonite. Just had such best friend energy.
Altaria, don't really that much of a reason other than I really like it's design and the fact my Altaria went through half of Cynthia's team in BDSP.
Espeon. I knew all the way from Pokémon Gold in Gen 2 that if Pokémon were real that I’d have one as my signature, primary Pokémon. My cute little psychic kitty
I will always love umbreon my first Pokémon to get to level 100 and a Pokémon I could you use in competitive, love it’s shiny too
Vaporeon
Mew and Cubchoo
Farfetch'd for some damn reason
Milotic
Whimsicott. That little feller saved my bacon in the meta several years back. It’s also magnificent that it’s pre evo is comparatively weak so it tends to be an early game mon.
Cresselia my beloved ❤️❤️❤️
Sylveon. My first time playing gen 6 i would plan very thoroughly how to get the eevee on route 10, the level it needed for babydoll eyes and the time spent on the affection mini game. After all that having my sylveon would just be so satisfying.

Also Bisharp. In my head he's just Gigachad in any possible way.
Favourite of all time would have to be Salamence. I never trained up a pseudo in red or gold, but I remember fighting Drake in ruby and thinking his salamence was cool, so when I played emerald I wanted to know so badly where to get one… couldn’t find it anywhere so I kinda gave up. Then one day, I was exploring meteor falls and bam! Bagon! Trained it up and swept the elite 4.

Favourite recent mon would have to be scream tail. Jigglypuff is one of my mains in smash ultimate, so who wouldn’t love a weird vampire puff?
A while ago, I’d have said Metagross, and while I still think it’s a damn cool Pokémon, I think Gengar has become my new favorite, I’ve grown very partial to ghost types over recent years, and it’s hard to deny that Gengar is a cool ass ghost type
Mareep , Look a that ! Look How cute he is !
Ah, fellow nidoking enthusiast I see
Farfetch'd 👌💯

When I played FRLG I thought it looked cool, with an item (Leek) designed to be held exclusively by this pokemon (made it kinda special IMO).

Also was surprised that despite its mediocre base stats, with STAB slash crits it can tear down opponents even if it is under-leveled!

If they ever introduce a mainline pokemon game in the future where you get to choose your starter, I'd definitely choose Farfetch'd.
Blaziken. Coz I think Blaze Kick is the coolest move ever and he was my first pokemon. The second would be Grovyle coz Explorers of Sky.

Battle-wise, I've only played till gen 5, so I really like Hippowdon and Excadrill combo. Doing a Giga Drill Break in Pokemon just seems so cool. Or a Trick Room Reuniclus (never has been feasible tho)
Krookidile

Mainly b/c it was N's originally and had the unique sparkles
Pigeot
Tyranitar, will always have a special place in my heart.
After Pokemon Go first released, there weren't a lot of Pokestops or Gyms near me. So I was constantly running out of balls and berries from  trying to catch everything.

I finally had enough and was horribly frustrated after pouring 30 Pokeballs unsuccessfully into a Snorlax, and got a girl Nidoran encounter. I swore with the last PokeBall I had I would never even touch the IP again if I didn't catch this one.

Well, I caught her, named her Peace, and now she's one of my highest CP on the app, and I do my best to max her candies out.

I'll end up going to Pokemon Home with her and taking her along with me when I next can, she's a Nidoqueen now.
Pikachu for a similar reason as OPs. Yellow was my first version and it's hard not to forever love that little mouse that followed you everywhere, warmed up to you, and basically solo'd all of your fights with nothing but damage after massive grinding because you're too young to think of any of other way to go about Pokemon.
Flygon, my man
Bulbasaur. Was my first ever Pokémon. I've just always had a strong attachment to that little frog. Will always be my favourite Pokémon.
Arcanine no questions asked. From great design to good moveset and... I don't know I just love him so much.
I'm a Boldore stan, not afraid to admit it. I like him because of childhood nostalgia and I miss my Boldore "Salt" everyday. Shout out to the two other Boldore stan's out in the world!
Garchomp black 2 made my childhood happy was also my first shiny I believe
Sceptile, I just fell in love with it through the anime. A lot of my favourite pokemon were used were used by Ash in the anime. That combined with the fact I loved using him in games too, if pokemon were to ever become a reality and you could choose your own starter it would be the easiest choice of my life.
Eevee ♡
Steelix. I spent hours trying to get a metal coat from a Magnemite. Once I did, he bulldozed the whole game for me like the fuckin' juggernaut he is.

I also carved his face in a pumpkin this last Halloween. :D
Arcanine and crobat forever. I never make any team without them
Goodra!
Deoxys
Luxray. My first game was Diamond when I was 10 and Luxray was my gateway into the teen edgelord phase (like I assume for many others). Plus I love the sound it makes.
Typhlosion. Good memories clutching battles with flamethrower. I miss ya buddy
Mew. Still think it’s hiding under that truck.
Mine’s a newcomer, you can probably guess what it is! He’s so majestic with a great color scheme. I got so attached to him in my playthrough of SV.
I can’t just choose 1 ghost. But if it had to it’s honedge. Yea honedge.
Empoleon because my first game was diamond and he carried me as I didn’t know what I was doing and overleveled him
I always loved totodile and its evolutions
Raichu. Evolved properly, it is better than Pikachu in every way. Its faster, stronger, larger, and cooler.
Buizel!
Eevee. Love the gimmick and love foxes
Haunter cuz of the anime and cool ghost guy. Dog shit stats though once I tried him on Pokémon Gold.
The legendary birds. Articuno was probably my favorite of the three because I like water type. I also always liked Lugia.
Chandelure and Absol.  They have simply gotten me through so much that I got attached.  My brother and I beat the original Pokemon Red with Charizard, Dugtrio, and Raichu (we didn't realize you could have more pokemon) so they also have a special place in my heart.
Lucario cause of the movie.

Decidueye line, cause of my US playthrough. I still remember how amazing it felt when I oneshotted Ultra Necrozma with a Sinister Arrow Raid.
Chimchar
Heracross. He looks like a friend
I always loved Larvitar, Pupitar and Tyranitar. Definitely was always my goal as a kid playing Silver and Crystal.
Noivern 
I just love this guy
Mawile. First PkMn game was Shuffle, the wording of hyper cutter in that game gave me the impression of something that'd fight to the last breath which I could get behind, and she's adorable.
Gengar. Dude is built for efficientcy
Charmender, he was my first pokemon ever
And the fact that you know no matter which game you're playing he's usually ALWAYS there and is ALWAYS going to be a perfect member of literally any team.

Edit: Just realized no crobat in Sword/Shield OR Scarlet/Violet and I'm shocked we've been denied our flappy boi for so long. At least he still headlined my Legends Arceus team.
    You can get Golbat in Sw/Sh actually! Unfortunately, in order to find it in the wild you need to have the DLC, it's in the Crown Tundra. Alternatively you can trade with someone else that has it
        Ah ok that's why, I didn't get the dlcs so I played sans flappy boi lol
        Just looking at your flair of starters, you really favour the water types. No gen 1? Why is quaxley the only stage 1? 🤔
    And Zubat is usually low level pokemon so you can get one really early in the game for building up friendship. Most of the time, it evolves to Crobat right after it becomes Golbat after gaining one more level. 

If pokemon is real, fuck starters, get a Zubat. It is easy to find, easy to evolve, can fly and really strong.
        My Golbat usually evolves at level 23, I always use the Zubat line when I can, was buzzing when Leech Life got that boost
    He is my favorite and he was my first shiny in PLA, that’s how I knew the game was gonna be 10/10
Same, boss. Crobat shreds ass.
    This is so cool. Wasn't expecting to see my favorite pokemon at the top of the comments! Crobat is the best and it's beautiful to see so many other fans!🥲

Crobat was my imaginary pet growing up and help me through some hard times. We've got a real special bond.
crobat is one of my favorite too
I didn't think anyone else loved Crobat as their fav but seeing all the upvotes is awesome!

You nailed his reasoning. He's that ugly bat thing most people overlooked but if you love it enough it will evolve for you. And because he's normally in starting areas as Zubat I get one and ditch my main a lot lol
I do like crobat he's cool
FUCK YES!!!! Crobat!!!!!!! 🤘🏻 I always thought he was a Dark type, but no, he was just a more useful Flying/Poison type. I never left my home in New Bark without one.
I once caught a shining Zubat. Took me a while to evolve it but eventually i got a shining badass Crobat!
One of the only shinies I ever found back then was a shiny golbat in sky pillar. Ever since then I always stick a crobat on my team every game I can
My crobat destroyed everything with wing attack!!
Crobat consistently makes my final team in any playthrough of a game with zubat in it. Also I have 4 shinies and I’ve never even shiny hunted it
That's my favorite too. He has so many good attacks that have a high crit hit chance.
Bro, I can't tell you how surprised I am that someone else loves crobat. He's been my favorite pokemon ever since he and my infernape clutched up against Cynthia in platinum. I've used him in every game I've played he's available in.
I mean, mine LOOKS like a ditto evo (swalot) purple evolution gang!
Crobat's got a great design, which I was glad about since Golbat is kinda derpy. Also its speed is the reason I've used it in my rain teams, since I never liked Politoed or Pelipper enough to use them just for Drizzle. Crobat can just guarantee Rain Dance then dip with U-Turn.
Was coming here to say crobat for less eloquent reasons. They’re just so cool and kind of cute. I always got super attached to my Pokémon so having them evolve by friendship helped make them that much more special. Genuinely don’t even know what happened because it became my favorite within the last handful of years and I guess having one just became a staple haha.
Crobat Squad
My favourite too, my first game that I played properly was soul silver and my older sister had heart gold. After the first gym my sister traded me a larvitar egg she bred.
He’s mine as well because during red and blue my friend had 3 Mewtwos and just nothing could beat them all along with his Zapdos, Blastoise, and Swords Dancing Sycther. Now I’m not saying there couldn’t be a counter to handle that but at that age whatever we were like 5th and 6th grade nothing clicked or worked anyways, then Gold and Silver come out my friend basically rushes through the game and then got his team over to keep his spot on the top, meanwhile me exploring every nook and cranny that game had to offer with the time change mechanic discovered larvitar, caught it and because it was green was intrigued as greens my favorite color, fast forward to 55 it’s a Tyranitar now and by 60 I’m more or less soloing the entire elite four with it using Crunch, Rockslide, Earthquake and Hyper Beam, by now I’m just grinding him to level 100 and since my Charizard and Dragonite were already there I’d been fucking around with the breeding system trying to get the hang of it and make sense and then I get the bright idea after seeing that Charizard and Tyranitar cold breed to try it out with one of my lower level Charizards and next thing I know I’ve put outrage on one along with Crunch and Rockslide and eventually FireBlast and then I just straight up wrecked my friends Mewtwos and his Scizor my Charizard crispified which was his back up ace thinking he could survive long enough to get two sword dances off lol.
    Hey bud…I hate to be the one to break this to you…but your buddy had a GameShark…
        Lol no, we looked down on GameShark users, those were all legitimately gained, one kid traded his for his eevee, and another traded his for his kabuto
            That's honestly kinda funny. Who would want an Eevee or Kabuto and give up one of if not the most powerful pokemon in Generation 1?
                Definitely most powerful by far in gen 1
Similar with Aron. Thought its final form was Lairon.

Oh boy, when it evolved to Aggron... That was a shock. I really like Aggron's aesthetic. Shame Mega Aggron looks off.
    Those light blue eyes really complete the look, contrasting the whole giant metal monster theme.
Have you ever played the rom hack Pokémon Prism? You start off with a Larvitar
Was happy I didn’t have to scroll far to see the goat man.
YES
2nd game I played but worked my ass off to buy it with my own money, made my grandma take me to best buy to pick it up day one and the car ride home I immediately started playing it.  From the three starters I instantly chose little fire mouse first and been in love with the line since.  Always named him Maximus every chance I get to carry my guys legacy.
same. real ones rise up
Mine its Typhlosion. Little Cyndaquil turned into a badass firetype that can use Earthquake and Thunderpunch? Holy hell.

The best way to describe my journey its the Pokemon Golder series on Youtube, to the the point of facing Red with only Typh being my viable Mon.

Some amazing memories I have playing Crystal. Simpler times.
Based and Cyndapilled
I love Lapras so much!!
That's my go to play whenever I play Johto too. And then you can pick a Natu up as well.
I loved it changed from near extinct into overcrowded
This is the correct answer!
Gengar for life. I pretty much do ghost only runs now in any pokemon game if i can. The scene in pokemon origins where he shadow sneaks out Agatha’s cane. God damn that was cool.
Mine is gengar as well, I loved the startup battle scene in blue / red and always wanted one as a kid but never figured out how to evolve haunter.
Swampert has been and always will be my favorite starter. It’s tanky, hits like a truck, and only has one weakness. I’m seriously hoping it comes back in the Scarlet/ Violet DLC along with the other hoenn starters.
    [I have some good news.](https://nintendoeverything.com/list-of-returning-pokemon-for-scarlet-and-violet-dlc-seemingly-leaked/)
        Guess I’ll be replacing QuaQuaval soon then
            I nearly lost my mind when I saw Blaziken was coming back.  My first Ribbon Master is the Cherish Ball/Speed Boost Blaziken from X/Y.
    My first Pokemon card I ever got was in like 1997 and it was a Growlithe. So naturally Growlithe/Arcanine was my first and all-time favorite evolution line.

Then when Gen 3 came out I saw the Mudkip/Marshtomp/Swampert line and it instantly overtook everyone else and became my second favorite.

Then I saw that episode where someone battled with an Arcanine/Swampert combo and it was awesome. I was so happy I went out and made sure to copy it on my game.

I was so sad in my first double battle with them when I tried using Surf and it instantly KOed my Arcanine. So I healed up and had another double battle. I realized surf would kill my Arcanine so I decided instead to use... Earthquake. Yeah....

So I stopped using them as a combo but kept both as my favorites.
I heard you liek Mudkips
    Heck yeah, I do! That meme alone brings back so many memories for me lol.
That entire line is GOAT'd
Every time I see a Snore boy I have to toss him in the party for at least 3 hours of gameplay just to give him the respect he deserves.
Such a chill mon but can kick butt too. I do love me some Snorlax
MOOD
Same. Snorlax is also normal, the coolest of all typing
I had to scroll way too far for this. Best Pokémon ever.
    I used the search within the thread function for the first time to stalk other arcanine lovers
Giant fluffy doggo is bestest and goodest boy ever. Also, true legendary. Certified by me.
    The only one known as The Legendary Pokémon
        It's not simply A Legendary Pokémon, but THE Legendary Pokémon.
It's not only super fluffy, it's probably super warm because it's a Fire-type! The most huggable Pokémon ever!
Bro the tiger dog is my absolute favorite. Has been since I was 6. Thank you.
My fave as well! As a little kid I always was like dang it would be cool to ride an Arcanine into battle
And you can’t forget how stinking cute Totodile is, genuinely my favorite starter out of all the games
    Totodile is really cute too
Plus he's DUMMY THICK in his gen 3 back sprite.
[deleted]
    I didn't like any pokemon that required trading to evolve purely because I knew I'd never be able to get them. It felt like a personal attack that I had no friends to trade with lol
    Same. Shout-out to Kadabra and Haunter gangs!
    Seriously I love gengar line so much but as someone without friends the evolution method always annoyed me. I can't believe trade evolution isn't removed already.
    Shout out to Mindy who gives you a haunter
Massive respect! Johto’s most useful mon! 👍🏻
Haunter>Gengar
And it learns earthquake!! 🔥
Altaria low key would just be so fun to cuddle and vibe with. I don’t sing, so we’d probably just smoke a little weed from time to time because dragon types are cool like that.
    It would be so trippy to do that around an Altaria, and it may be one of the safer Pokémon to have with you while smoking.
Same, my first game was emerald, and I exclusively used him (never finished it, tho). Now whenever I play a Pokémon game, I'll always name my starter after my first Pokémon, Beany.
Same man Porygon is dope
Porygon did nothing wrong!!
    true, it was all pikachus fault yet porygon took the fall
        Porygon watching the anime right now: 🙃
            Justice for Porygon!
This is the same reason he’s my favorite. He just looks pretty dang cool. Wasn’t expecting to see Pory so high up!
I see you are a person of culture. I agree fully
Mega Ampharos was one of my favorite megas. The Ampharos line is lovely as well
I literally stuck to my promise of not getting Sword/Shield because of Ampharos being my absolute favorite since gold.
I remember playing silver and just sitting in school thinking about how cool my Ampharos was
Love the second choice. If Houndoom is available in game he's always on my team. Then they made him a mega evolution...Whaaaaaat!
    I didn’t like his Mega evo, because it was a gimmick when they couldve given him a regular 2nd stage. It’s also underwhelming that you’d only be able to get him late in EVERY game. Him and Murkrow deserve more than that since they’re an Arcanine/Ninetails alternative.
        In Scarlet, I got a houndour early on. It was exciting to get one so early in the game because Houndoom is my favorite!
            Same! I found mine in the cave at the beginning and was so excited I could play through the game with my favorite partner. I actually caught a 3iv too. Named him Garmr
        Platinum you can catch one before the fourth gym, that’s pretty early!
Nidoking you say?! *speed running noises increase*
Thats a good one ngl hes up there
One of my favourites! Gen 2 was so hyped up for after playing Red. Seeing Donphan for the first time in Pokémon the First Movie was amazing!

Gen 2 will always be my favourite.
My wife we scream very loud for a Phampy.
Just gotta watch out for those ground-type attacks, though...

Or water attacks that go against your much lower special defense stat rather than your defense stat.
    One of the sets I thought for Aggron takes advantage of those weaknesses:  


\-Aggron with evs and ivs maxed in HP;  
\-an opponent pokemon which you are sure to one shot Aggron;  
\-Sturdy;  
\-Metal Burst;  
\-Red Card.  


If they try to one shot your Aggron, you instead one shot one of their pokemon randomly; I call it the "Aggron Roulette".
Epic!
Oh god, I knew I recognized your profile pic.
    XD. Uh you know, I do like that artstyle a lot.
        I never thought I'd see it again but here it is
            It's been several years since I read it and it's still coming back to haunt me... my god...
                It's been a while since I've read it too
Oh god the sussy leafeon art xD
Wrath pfp
And his Giga Impact, Rest
Oddish has my heart. I have an oddish tattoo.
    Looking for this comment!!! Oddish is my fave too!!! My heart goes out to this lil guy!! All the way!!!
        Oddish gang rise up lmao
He was great early on in gen 1. So powerful and could learn a wide range of moves.
Gloom carried my team in Let's Go Pikachu, I might have been consistently underleveled (kinda happens when you avoid wild encounters), but that didn't matter because Gloom's debuffs wrecked face
Raichu is my favorite as well. I put a Raichu in my team every time it’s possible. Every raichu I use I try to make sure he has Body Slam. 

So I can go: “Ehhh Raichu give it annuda Bodeeey Slam!”

Lt Surge shoulda won the rematch.
I hate how little love he gets compared to pichu and pikachu
    Same hopefully we get a paradox version
        Ooo, could make it a past paradox and finally use that scrapped Gorochu design!
            Absolutely, they have an opportunity and blow it :(
Fuk yeah. Raichu for life!
I prefer alolan raichu honestly
My favorite as well, for the last 20+ years
Jolteon *IS* the best Eevee! Go look at Gary/Blue’s team in Yellow and how it works out if you don’t believe! 👍🏻
A fellow Jolteon enjoyer I see
Jolteon is one of the OG best designs. That dark Jolteon card is so damn clean
Not lame at all. Mine is Taillow. Pidgey is a close second. But I am based, because I like birds. A lot.
    Found the bird catcher!
That's legit. Ash's Pidgeot was one of my favorite Pokémon in the anime. The first time I saw Falkner and his Pidgeot too, I thought it was amazing.
Pidgeot is 100% in my top 5
    Pidgeot was def my fave!
Yea, I was going to say Pidgeot. Pidgey was always the first pokemon I ever "caught," and staying with him until he evolved into Pidgeot was always rewarding.
Same Story for me Different Bird. My Spearow carried me all the way to the Elite4 in Pkmn with lvl 94 being the Highest lvl Pkmn I Had. I legit destroyed everything with this Bird
Not lame! I love the Pidgey family too! Pidgeot is one of my top 10 fave pokemon
Glaceon team! 

I didn't think it through as much as you did though. I first saw Glaceon in Pokémon Ranger Shadows of Almia and I instantly thought he was the best, purely because he's cute and cool. 15 years later I got a glaceon sweater and 3 plushies, and I always get him in my team.
    Sweater reveal??? I need one!
GLACEON SQUAD
Glaceon is by far my favorite eevelution.
Bulbasaur numbah 1
Bulbasaur supremacy!!
Bulbasaur gang rise up!!!
\#1 in dex, #1 in our hearts.
Had to scroll way too far to find the right answer.
I remember seeing it the first time in White. It was MAJESTIC
Awesome wholesome.
Blastoise is a beast. Very good all around and tough af.
Not silly at all, Wartortle is in my top 10 pokemon
ye dragonite's shiny is criminally underrated
Surprised I had to scroll so much to find my baby. Dragonite is a criminally good.
Hey guys, did you know that in terms of Water-Type Pokemon and teambuilding versatility, Vaporeon is my favorite Pokemon? Not only is it in the Field egg group which allows for an amazing egg move pool, but Vaporeon also has a Base HP of 130 and Base Special Defense of 95, which means they’re bulky enough to be able to handle special sweepers and their impressive Base Stat for HP and a comparatively solid Base Defense, this means they can tank rough attacks. Due to their singular Water typing, there’s no doubt in my mind that a min-maxed Vaporeon would be incredibly bulky. So bulky that you could easily switch on prediction for turns without getting swept. They can also learn the moves Wish, Substitute, Heal Bell, Toxic, and Scald, along with having Haze to prevent setup, so it’d be incredibly easy for one to tank for your team. With their abilities of Water Absorb and Hydration, they can easily recover damage with enough strategy. No other Pokemon comes close to this level of versatility. Also, fun fact, Vaporeon has the highest HP Stat of all Eeveelutions. Vaporeon is literally built to tank on the switch. Rock-solid Defense stats + high HP Pool + Acid Armor means it can take attacks all day, all shapes and sizes, and still come for more.
    *sigh of relief* finally a good copypasta
Surprised I had to scroll this far to see some love for my favorite bug Boi. He's got the coolest design, and I have fond childhood memories of headbutting trees for hours like a madman to find him.
I always remind myself that Pokédex entries are written by 10 year Olds.  I doubt their ability to gather accurate data on Pokémon average sizes. ;)
Tbf, that WOULD still be big and imposing to the 10 year old trainers in the game.
Vulpix/Ninetails has been my favourite since the OG cartoon. I always assume that everyone loves it and that it’ll be way more popular than it is!
Hell ya.
Scyther just never gets any love but he would. Not. Quit. On Ash.
Yea raichu my fav hope it’s get a past paradox gorochu vibes
Its not water type though
    I know but it has the vibes. My favorite pokémon are always due to design motifs, which I totally should have clarified lol
He’s so good. I love them so much
Team Fossil represent!
All hail Lord Helix!!
Sandslash is such a good design.
If charzard ISNT a dragon, wtf is he?
    Nahhh Charizard is definitely a dragon, even if it's not Dragon type. The Dragon type lost its meaning when it was attributed to seahorses, a bird, and a palm tree.
My older brother got red and refused to share with me, because of the single save file. I was a sad 8 yr old, until my parents bought me blue. I was still sad at first because Blastoise didn’t look as cool as Charizard, but after our first battle and me wiping the floor with his sorry Charizard ass I changed my mind quick and Blastoise is the OG for me.
Was a Hitmonchan guy myself, but still - respect.
Don't fuckle with Shuckle

My brother would decimate his classmates' teams with Shuckle and Ninjask growing up
Noivern and noibat were some of my faves the region they came out. Mine had strong arms from carrying the team later on lol
Babette was one of my faves when I was younger (Sapphire was my first game)! Absolutely loved having one on my team
    I also had one in Ruby
Pikachu I choose you (too)! I played Yellow when I was a dumb little kid, and my mom got me a chunkachu figure. Sableye, Azumarill, Deoxys, and Talonflame are close seconds but Pikachu is still my number 1
I cannot believe how far I had to scroll before I found another Haxorus fan.

I have now carried one through White and White 2 this year and I can safely say that it's my favorite Dragon type now.   And it's also *absurdly* powerful.  Without a doubt my best Pokemon on either my White or White 2 teams.
I am legit crying. How. That’s so cute, and I’m sorry for your loss. I know what it’s like to lose a dog.
Scizor love him too plus red my fav color
As long as you don't make them mad. Then, you'll have to redraw maps once they've calmed down.
You can get Golbat in Sw/Sh actually! Unfortunately, in order to find it in the wild you need to have the DLC, it's in the Crown Tundra. Alternatively you can trade with someone else that has it
    Ah ok that's why, I didn't get the dlcs so I played sans flappy boi lol
    Just looking at your flair of starters, you really favour the water types. No gen 1? Why is quaxley the only stage 1? 🤔
And Zubat is usually low level pokemon so you can get one really early in the game for building up friendship. Most of the time, it evolves to Crobat right after it becomes Golbat after gaining one more level. 

If pokemon is real, fuck starters, get a Zubat. It is easy to find, easy to evolve, can fly and really strong.
    My Golbat usually evolves at level 23, I always use the Zubat line when I can, was buzzing when Leech Life got that boost
He is my favorite and he was my first shiny in PLA, that’s how I knew the game was gonna be 10/10
This is so cool. Wasn't expecting to see my favorite pokemon at the top of the comments! Crobat is the best and it's beautiful to see so many other fans!🥲

Crobat was my imaginary pet growing up and help me through some hard times. We've got a real special bond.
Hey bud…I hate to be the one to break this to you…but your buddy had a GameShark…
    Lol no, we looked down on GameShark users, those were all legitimately gained, one kid traded his for his eevee, and another traded his for his kabuto
        That's honestly kinda funny. Who would want an Eevee or Kabuto and give up one of if not the most powerful pokemon in Generation 1?
            Definitely most powerful by far in gen 1
Those light blue eyes really complete the look, contrasting the whole giant metal monster theme.
[I have some good news.](https://nintendoeverything.com/list-of-returning-pokemon-for-scarlet-and-violet-dlc-seemingly-leaked/)
    Guess I’ll be replacing QuaQuaval soon then
        I nearly lost my mind when I saw Blaziken was coming back.  My first Ribbon Master is the Cherish Ball/Speed Boost Blaziken from X/Y.
My first Pokemon card I ever got was in like 1997 and it was a Growlithe. So naturally Growlithe/Arcanine was my first and all-time favorite evolution line.

Then when Gen 3 came out I saw the Mudkip/Marshtomp/Swampert line and it instantly overtook everyone else and became my second favorite.

Then I saw that episode where someone battled with an Arcanine/Swampert combo and it was awesome. I was so happy I went out and made sure to copy it on my game.

I was so sad in my first double battle with them when I tried using Surf and it instantly KOed my Arcanine. So I healed up and had another double battle. I realized surf would kill my Arcanine so I decided instead to use... Earthquake. Yeah....

So I stopped using them as a combo but kept both as my favorites.
Heck yeah, I do! That meme alone brings back so many memories for me lol.
I used the search within the thread function for the first time to stalk other arcanine lovers
The only one known as The Legendary Pokémon
    It's not simply A Legendary Pokémon, but THE Legendary Pokémon.
Totodile is really cute too
I didn't like any pokemon that required trading to evolve purely because I knew I'd never be able to get them. It felt like a personal attack that I had no friends to trade with lol
Same. Shout-out to Kadabra and Haunter gangs!
Seriously I love gengar line so much but as someone without friends the evolution method always annoyed me. I can't believe trade evolution isn't removed already.
Shout out to Mindy who gives you a haunter
It would be so trippy to do that around an Altaria, and it may be one of the safer Pokémon to have with you while smoking.
true, it was all pikachus fault yet porygon took the fall
    Porygon watching the anime right now: 🙃
        Justice for Porygon!
I didn’t like his Mega evo, because it was a gimmick when they couldve given him a regular 2nd stage. It’s also underwhelming that you’d only be able to get him late in EVERY game. Him and Murkrow deserve more than that since they’re an Arcanine/Ninetails alternative.
    In Scarlet, I got a houndour early on. It was exciting to get one so early in the game because Houndoom is my favorite!
        Same! I found mine in the cave at the beginning and was so excited I could play through the game with my favorite partner. I actually caught a 3iv too. Named him Garmr
    Platinum you can catch one before the fourth gym, that’s pretty early!
One of the sets I thought for Aggron takes advantage of those weaknesses:  


\-Aggron with evs and ivs maxed in HP;  
\-an opponent pokemon which you are sure to one shot Aggron;  
\-Sturdy;  
\-Metal Burst;  
\-Red Card.  


If they try to one shot your Aggron, you instead one shot one of their pokemon randomly; I call it the "Aggron Roulette".
XD. Uh you know, I do like that artstyle a lot.
    I never thought I'd see it again but here it is
        It's been several years since I read it and it's still coming back to haunt me... my god...
            It's been a while since I've read it too
Looking for this comment!!! Oddish is my fave too!!! My heart goes out to this lil guy!! All the way!!!
    Oddish gang rise up lmao
Same hopefully we get a paradox version
    Ooo, could make it a past paradox and finally use that scrapped Gorochu design!
        Absolutely, they have an opportunity and blow it :(
Found the bird catcher!
Pidgeot was def my fave!
Sweater reveal??? I need one!
*sigh of relief* finally a good copypasta
I know but it has the vibes. My favorite pokémon are always due to design motifs, which I totally should have clarified lol
Nahhh Charizard is definitely a dragon, even if it's not Dragon type. The Dragon type lost its meaning when it was attributed to seahorses, a bird, and a palm tree.
I also had one in Ruby
Ah ok that's why, I didn't get the dlcs so I played sans flappy boi lol
Just looking at your flair of starters, you really favour the water types. No gen 1? Why is quaxley the only stage 1? 🤔
My Golbat usually evolves at level 23, I always use the Zubat line when I can, was buzzing when Leech Life got that boost
Lol no, we looked down on GameShark users, those were all legitimately gained, one kid traded his for his eevee, and another traded his for his kabuto
    That's honestly kinda funny. Who would want an Eevee or Kabuto and give up one of if not the most powerful pokemon in Generation 1?
        Definitely most powerful by far in gen 1
Guess I’ll be replacing QuaQuaval soon then
    I nearly lost my mind when I saw Blaziken was coming back.  My first Ribbon Master is the Cherish Ball/Speed Boost Blaziken from X/Y.
It's not simply A Legendary Pokémon, but THE Legendary Pokémon.
Porygon watching the anime right now: 🙃
    Justice for Porygon!
In Scarlet, I got a houndour early on. It was exciting to get one so early in the game because Houndoom is my favorite!
    Same! I found mine in the cave at the beginning and was so excited I could play through the game with my favorite partner. I actually caught a 3iv too. Named him Garmr
Platinum you can catch one before the fourth gym, that’s pretty early!
I never thought I'd see it again but here it is
    It's been several years since I read it and it's still coming back to haunt me... my god...
        It's been a while since I've read it too
Oddish gang rise up lmao
Ooo, could make it a past paradox and finally use that scrapped Gorochu design!
    Absolutely, they have an opportunity and blow it :(
That's honestly kinda funny. Who would want an Eevee or Kabuto and give up one of if not the most powerful pokemon in Generation 1?
    Definitely most powerful by far in gen 1
I nearly lost my mind when I saw Blaziken was coming back.  My first Ribbon Master is the Cherish Ball/Speed Boost Blaziken from X/Y.
Justice for Porygon!
Same! I found mine in the cave at the beginning and was so excited I could play through the game with my favorite partner. I actually caught a 3iv too. Named him Garmr
It's been several years since I read it and it's still coming back to haunt me... my god...
    It's been a while since I've read it too
Absolutely, they have an opportunity and blow it :(
Definitely most powerful by far in gen 1
It's been a while since I've read it too
