[[I hope Fallout 76 ends up being single-player with OPTIONAL multiplayer.]]


**As opposed to being exclusively online multiplayer.** Something more akin to Borderlands 2 with an emphasis on co\-op play, but not a requirement; get where I'm coming from? Borderlands 2 was pretty fun to play by yourself IMO, and a Fallout game based on that model would be preferable to something that is PvP\-focused and requires you to be online to play, like Rust.

I would prefer that Fallout 76 wasn't multiplayer at all, but given the choice between Borderlands\-style multiplayer where playing with others is optional, or Rust\-style PvP multiplayer where playing with others is mandatory, I'd choose the former.


Hey, that'd be fine by me, just as long as the single-player is deep enough to make the game satisfying and worth it by itself.
    Considering how it took a decent amount of time for fo4 to be released, this may be some type of standalone dlc. Like when battlefield 4 and hardline came out relatively close to each other, fo76 might be just one thing Bethesda is releasing this year. I'm still hoping for a fo3 remaster to be announced by Nintendo. Honestly more excited about that. 
        It wouldnt take as long as F4 because they dont have to rebuild an entire game engine this time around. Just new story lines and voice acting plus world building. Weve also seen how easy it is for them to build a new world now as well since when they first showcased settlements they said that they used the same system as they did when building the world. Look at New Vegas, same thing. Its a new game and story but using the same engine that took up most of the development time. Since they also said two studios were working on it, its very much possible that this is an entire new game in the series and not just a one off mobile game. I guess all Im saying is its possible and to have hope.
            Yep if you look at Fallout: Miami, which is a huge fan made mod, you understand how faster it is to make a game once most of the base is laid out.
                > Fallout: Miami

Finally bikini armor finds its true home.
                ... wait, what? Miami??
                    Fanmade mod.
                     Buenvenidoes a Miami! 
                        No, Willard. No. 
            Hopefully they can save some time by not bothering with voice acting for the protagonist too
                Considering Todd made note of how polarizing the voice acting became and how most of the dev time ended up being voicing the main character. I have my beliefs (beliefs at least) that it will follow the 3, or NV type of dialogue.
                    Most of the dev time making a video game was spent recording lines for a single character?  I don't buy that.
                        Recording lines for two different characters with different outcomes and reactions. Voice directing takes a ton of time and bear in mind this is Bethesda's first time handling protagonist voice-acting.
                            Is it much more complicated than the previous games?  They already had to think out all of the dialogue branching and record the lines for other npcs.  
                                Assume the main character has 20,000 lines. It then becomes 40,000 in total. Now not every line will take a long time as you'll have grunts and stuff but it will take a long time. 


Its probably akin to a weekly show. Where each episode compares to a mission. 
                        Certainly not most of the dev time but a significant amount of it and money, tens of thousands of lines need to be directed and recorded which means pay for the voice talent, studio time though I assume Bethesda GS has a sound studio. Then audio engineers among others I'm sure.

Plus it sucked in fo4. 
                    I have my doubts, Todd seems like he wants to be the next EA or ubisoft. He wants a Action- adventure game over a true RPG. I really hope I'm wrong tho
                        Hopefully Bethesda realizes that people don't want that from a fallout game and do it with a new IP instead
                        Why not both? Action adventure combat and exploration backed by robust rpg elements and compelling, choice driven story. What the classic fans want most seems to be choices in both how your character plays and how the world plays out. Neither of those is incompatible with a more action oriented gameplay style. 
                    I honestly disagree. I think that Bethesda will be trying to improve the voiced protagonist system as they clearly starting doing in the Fallout 4 DLCs, and to abandon it would be giving in to whiners. 
                        Whiners is a bit much. There are very real problems with the voiced protagonist deserving of criticism and bringing in a new version of it would hurt other aspects of the development.
                Honestly, I miss my silent protagonist and never could get into my character saying his lines. especially when it always seemed lime he said the opposite of what I clicked or had a weird attitude when saying it. I don't know where bethesda got the whole "it's more immersive" thing from.
                    [deleted]
                        Bethesda should really go back to the old Morrowind style for important characters. Just a message that pops up saying "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
                            I totally agree--that was much more immersive and really cool that you could literally do whatever you want.  I remember reading a while back that they changed engines for oblivion/skyrim which allowed characters to wander freely instead of walking complex circuits between a few defined points.  This led to the problem of some NPCs wandering off into the woods and getting killed by wild animals through no fault of the player, which is why they made the choice to switch to the immortal NPC system they have now.
                                That makes it less disappointing to me. I'd be pissed if an essential NPC just wandered off and got himself murdered. Hopefully we can have both someday. It sounds easy to combine the 2 systems, but I know fuck all about computer programming, so it might be a $2 million project. 
                                    [deleted]
                            It's been a while since I played Morrowind, but I'm pretty sure that was not the phrasing they used. Something about threads of prophecy being severed, doomed world, yadda yadda yadda. 
                                actually I’m pretty sure “hope you saved recently, motherfucker”is verbatim 
                                It was definitely "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
                                    at the very least if it wasn't, i'm fuckin making that mod

but i don't need to, because, obviously, it is
                        Low int NV runs are the best runs.
                            "Are you a maker of war, or peace?"

Pizza.
                    I actually really liked it. I found it weird watching other people's videos where their character had MY character's voice
                        I felt exactly the same way, watching other people's Mass Effect videos. "That's not what Shepard looks like!" 
                            My 'Nate' has such distinctive blue eyes, that when I met Shaun and he had them too, I was pretty taken aback.
                        Same here, anytime I saw a video the male character in it just looked wrong. That's not General John Castle, it's an imposter!
                        It's also the biggest thing keeping me from doing a 2nd F4 play through. I've already been through the story of the guy they presented me with in F4. I can still go make a new character in FNV. I'm just starting my... 8th? playthrough of that game. Maybe only 6th.
                https://i.imgur.com/XBR6SlK.gifv
            I just want the fo4 engine on an elder scrolls game, that's all I want. Picturesque graphics, outstanding atmospheric effects and AN AMAZING CASTLE BUILDING MECHANIC 
                I do hope for a nice building system in the next TES game. I know it was disliked by many in fallout 4, and I do think it was overdone and there was to much focus on the settlement system. I felt it took focus from populating the world with more interesting things, however I really would love to build a scenic cottage in numerous areas in skyrim.. 
                    I agree. The settlement system was a little in your face, but the base building system was the best of it's kind in any AAA yet [imo].

For ME, Fallout/Elder Scrolls is fun because you get to live in that world, you get to explore it and discover things and meet people and make choices and live your story in this fleshed out world.

But as soon as all that's done and over with [again, for me] there's not much reason left to actively play the game. 

You can play it passively, sure, like re-reading a book, but it's not the same active experience.

The base building changed all of this.

It scratches the same effective itch as building a pillow fort in your living room, it makes me want to hang out in the game more than ever before. 

Honestly, it might be my favorite function in any video game ever [the base building, not particular to fo4- which just took the whole concept to the next level].

Now I'm being nostalgic about Dark Cloud. 
                I thought that was part of what Skyrim special edition was. Ported to the new engine to test the engine features made for an elder Scrolls game
                    Was it in the new engine? I thought it was just remastered.
                        Its just remastered. You can't even tell the difference on pc really. 

                            They added in the volumetric lighting from Fallout 4, which is immediately noticeable even on PC with graphical mods.
                            Ok so yeah, that's what I thought. 

Current fo4 engine would look great in elder scrolls. Hopefully, all of this down-time is to make an even better engine for a fantasy setting [which would be hard because fo4 is the best in the series imo]. 
            I doubt its a mobile style game... cause its 60$ for a pre order. If it is Imma riot.
                lol, I just meant that ironically.
            Fallout 3 and nv were released only 2 years apart. It's definitely doable. 76 will release probably right around 3 years from 4.
                O for sure in October. I think that was the big hint in the beginning of the teaser trailer with the date.
            Yeah especially if most of the work was making the engine do multiplayer. The designers, modelers, artists, and writers could have been working on something else that whole time. 
        Why would Nintendo announce a FO3 remaster?
            Switch Port. Similar to how they let Nintendo announce Skyrim for the switch
            A "leaked" document lists Fallout 3 remastered as apart of Nintendo's E3 announcements.
                Ignorant human creature here, would Nintendo announcing F3 Remastered mean it’s only for switch? Or are they just having the honors of announcing it as a whole?
                    Probably the latter
                    I think it means that it will be going to switch, but there will also be a remaster for console/pc
                        Yeah if anything, it would just be commending Nintendo and Bethesdas growing relationship and Nintendos growing interest in 3rd party support
                        Hopefully if they do that they follow the precedent set by the Skyrim special edition and allow everyone who already has Fallout 3 Game of the Year to upgrade for free
                    I think it would just be that have the honor of announcing it similar to the Skyrim remaster, no way they wouldn’t release a remaster for everything else, especially since it could have mod support for Xbox and pc
                    I want to belive that will come to all platforms. Fallout 3 need a fix in Win10 urgently
                Wouldn’t put much stock into that document. It lists an F-Zero game and “Yoshi’s Flipping island”. 
        Considering 3 and NV were only 2 years apart, we could get something with a similar amount of quests and depth as Fallout 4. I’m not sure what to expect given 76 and 4 sound like different game styles, but it’s a positive that they’ve had a good time to develop a detailed game.
            3 and New Vegas were made by two completely different teams.
                But NV was still made in 18 months.
                    NV was made in 18 months because it used F3 as an extensive scaffold.
                        You mean exactly the way 76 uses 4 as a scaffold?
                        What do you mean? Obsidian probably had to learn how to use the ~~Creation Engine~~ *Gamebryo from scratch, whereas Bethesda has a lot of experience with it and I do believe 76 will use a lot of FO4 aswell.
                            The "meat" of any BGS Creation Engine game is ESM files and scripts. The core game is not the engine, but everything under the data directory. That Obsidian decided to extend the engine to add more FPS mechanics was a decision they made, not a requirement of starting with the FO3 scaffolding.

If amateur modders can get up to speed making mods, then professional Obsidian could get up to speed making a full conversion mod. Which is essentially what New Vegas was. 
                                The FPS mechanics in NV were great. It made the combat very fluid. 
                                    And at the same time the NV fans are bitching at Fallout 3 and 4 for trying to be FPS shooters. Go figure.
                            obsidian never used the creation engine, FO3 & FNV are made on gamebryo, same engine as Oblivion
                                Correct, sorry Creation Engine is based on Gamebryo though.
                        Exactly that is what they are saying. You are agreeing with them. 

        [deleted]
    It would be pretty cool if they did something along the lines of Dark Souls where you have the option to help/be helped or PVP but only when wanted. 
        Saints Row does this.  It's co-op, but instead of dismissing the invited player(s) at the end of a mission/boss fight, they stick around.  Cutscenes for the core story simply host your character.

I would argue if they did that, it would behoove them to put their customization-in-cutscenes/live cutscenes work to use so all PCs could be part of the cutscenes.  They would stand out from the crowd of many multiplayer co-op games to do this.
    Yep, forced multiplayer and Fallout do not mix.
    It's still going to be a BGS game, just with coop.  It's not a Rust Clone, just inspired by RUST, Ark, etc. (From Jason's update on the game, clarifying what he meant yesterday)
    And balanced well enough that playing alone doesn't mean you have to grind a painful amount just to get anything done.
Co-op would be perfectly fine for a spin off title. I have a few friend who enjoy the fallout series too, so having them along for the ride could prove interesting.

But until game play, or more information is released I'm going to wait before passing judgement.
If you were to believe Jason Schreier, [his tweet](https://twitter.com/jasonschreier/status/1001829118583992320) says that he believes the game is just **not completely singleplayer**. That means it's not completely an online game, and will have a single player mode for sure.
    He also wrote the article, though, that said it's going to be heavily inspired by Rust and Day Z.

Then again, he also wrote "It will have quests and a story, like any other game from Bethesda Game Studios."

Ugh, who knows. It's Fallout, so I'm still optimistic and am willing to give it a chance, but if it does have a PvP emphasis to it, I'm gonna be pretty disappointed.
        He also says [it isnt a Rust/DayZ clone, but something new inspired by those types of games](https://twitter.com/jasonschreier/status/1001968573512855553).
            I hadn't seen that tweet, thanks for providing that.
                Perhaps they have improved upon Survival mode and have made that the base game now? I would be absolutely fine with that.
                    Seems reasonable with how much survival mode work was done but didn't make the final cut of the game
                        Survival mode made fallout 4 a completely different (and better, imo) game. It's amazing. Would love a new game built around that 
                            It is strictly all I play now in Fallout 4. Granted, it's hard not to opt for BoS because of the Vertibird perk.
                                If your story can't have consequences, maybe the gameplay can.
                                    Right? Nothing like barely crawling into a town with almost zero ammo and getting a random ghoul to the face at the finish line.
                    Would work in context as well, 25 years after the bombs fell could imply a shit load of radiation to survive in. Could be way more dangerous in terms of rads than even Fallout 3.
                        Kind of like dead money 24/7...slightly terrifying prospect NGL
            Right so base building and friends can come and visit that base pretty much?

I wonder how a world map would work in that case...
                Possibly 20 person servers? You can all work on the "Main" town, but youre also welcome to go out and work on another.

Any more than 20 and you may start overpopulating the map.

Whether the engine will be able to handle 20 players or more is also up for debate.
                    I'm a interested in the concept. We'll see what E3 looks like.
                    Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if it ends up being pve coop only with like 4 players max per game because the engine would cause your computer to kill itself on purpose. 
            Yeah he keeps changing his wording or his description of the game, I hold my breath on anything he’s says being the truth this time around, dudes clearly got a grudge for being rightly blacklisted 
                He's trying to cover all of his bases so he can be right no matter what it is. 
                    This is how scam artist "Mediums" get away with their bs.
                    It's like on those stupid house hunting shows where they want something close to downtown for the commute to work, but also it has to be right next to the beach because they gotta relax.
                        "Craig and Stacia are looking for a two-story A-frame that’s near Craig’s job in the downtown, but also satisfies Stacia’s need to be near the beach which is nowhere near Craig’s job. With three children and nine on the way, and a max budget of $7… let’s see what Lori Jo can do on this week’s episode of _You Don’t Deserve A Beach House._"
                            r/unexpectedmulaney
                    I think this is it. So he can maintain that 100% accurate leaker title everyone is running to give him. I’m getting this game for the lore no matter what so if it’s some destiny styled stuff whatever if it’s drop in/out co-op with a greatly expanded settlement system great. I’m here for the world and because it might be near my home state. I’m excited to see what happens at e3 and trying to temper my expectations rather than get pissed over what this guy is saying.
            Interesting, now we have conflicting leaks so one of them is wrong...
        If it requires always online I won't buy it. That's my main concern. The ability to play with friends is nice but not at the cost of losing the ability to really play alone.
            An always online component won't necessarily nix a sale for me. If it's something along the lines of being able to see people's settlements or something like that where you don't actually need to have other *players* in your game, I'd be ok with it. I'm just worried there will be no way to prevent my world from being overrun with other PCs.
            There won't be. I'm not 100&#37; sure on Rust but with Ark \(which is pretty much Rust but with dinosaurs\), you can play by completely by yourself or with friends. You can join empty servers or you can host your own.
                Rust is all online. Player interaction is the name of the game.
                    Well techincally, Rust is the name of the game.
                Uh... 

>You can join empty servers or you can host your own.

That's always online. Playing multiplayer by yourself doesn't make it offline all of a sudden. 
                Can you play either of those games with no internet connection though?
                    You can with Ark, when you host your own game on your console. Don't know about Rust, though. 

Bethesda is the single player king, though. There's no way they would release a game without that. 
        Why do I get the feeling that this will be all about base building in persistent servers and that the base designing feature in FO4 was the prototype for what we are getting?
            That's an interesting question. I was basically thinking that they were just blown away by how much people loved the settlement building and decided to incorporate that into future games, but you could well be spot on with thinking it was more of a testing ground for future releases.
        I mean minecraft has a quest and a story, technically. it really doesn't mean anything until we know the details
            Achievements aren't necessarily quests. There is no story in Minecraft unless the player brings one with him. 
                I would have to disagree, the quest is to get to The End and Beat the Ender Dragon, that’s how the credits roll
                    Yeah, the credits end there, but there is no narrative story anywhere in the game. A huge number of player, perhaps even most of them, never bother with that and just go off and build stuff. It's a pure sandbox game, and people play it as a sandbox.

If there is a story narrative, it's because the player brings it in with them.
        I'm pretty sure there will be no Rust or DayZ-like agressive PVP in it. Or more likely, at all. Coop resource gathering and questing and settlement building, yes. A troll-heaven game is just not Bethesda's style at all.
            I mean, isn't it still running on the same engine as Fallout 4? If so there's no way it can support multiplayer beyond some basic coop (I hope).
                Yup. Probably they beefed it up a bit, but a 100 (or even 16) player capability is still unlikely. Maybe a Destiny-style hub with a max 3-4 people strike team?
            >  Coop resource gathering and questing and settlement building, yes.

If this is it, then I am fully on board with it. I would love this.
            Fucking gross. They are running the franchise into the ground. 
        PVP would go against the ideals of a fallout game because the mechanics aren't set up for fast paced combat. 

The fact that you can stop the battle and think shows that it's a mix of turn based combat and modern fps.
            That's a very valid point.
            I played through a good bit of 4 without using vats, fast paced combat is completely viable 
        The devs from Battlecry are working on 76 and im pretty sure that game was PvP, which is a worrying sign for sure
            Exactly. I'm not holding my breath. And considering the trends in both TES and Fallout on the RPG things, and ESO, I'm pretty sure I want nothing to do with this game. 

If there is any "always online," any chance of random shitheads in my game, or a PvP element that messes with the single player game then that's an easy "hell no"
        I could see PvP possibly being an aspect but I doubt very highly that will be the emphasis
        Basically he's covered all the bases. Whatever the game is he can say he was right
        He also doesn't fucking know because Bethesda has not shown him a goddamn thing.
        ESO but with a fallout 'skin'
        Am I missing something here? Isn't that guy just a journalist? How does he know what the game is? Is he on the inside or something?
            Well there's the rub.

He's one of the editors at Kotaku.

The problem is, it's my understanding that Bethesda has essentially blackballed Kotaku from any inside scoops, or something like that. He's claiming, though, that he's spoken to three sources that have access to Fallout 76 that have been leaking information to him.

So, in all honesty/reality, we have no clue. He's also been backtracking and making statements that may conflict with each other, so people are thinking he might also be trying to cover all his bases by throwing out a few theories and seeing what sticks.
        I figured it would be something like that given how Fallout is so close those games already.
        I bet it’s going to be like ESO but for Fallout
        Honestly, anything less than fallout 4.5 and I'm going to be disappointed. There is a chance this could be that "bleeding edge mobile game" they were talking about, but they wouldn't give it a trailer like that, would they.. 

            I will shit my pants in anger if that's the case.

I have two trains of thought on that, though.

1, it's entirely possible they're doing something radically different, a la Rust/Day Z/PvP survival. They're a business driven by profit and they may, based on marketing research, have concluded that the single player RPG market is no longer profitable (I think that's bullshit, btw).

However, my predominant thought is 2, Fallout has such a huge core fanbase that's predicated on a story-driven, single player RPG. This is what people have come to know and love, and if they stray TOO far from it, they're basically going to lose a lot of money.

Where they're heading now, I'm not sure. I could see them simply doing a single player campaign with optional co-op, which I'd be fine with. If they're doing a more online component, I wouldn't mind seeing a co-op, more PvE style game in which everyone's working to gather resources and joining together to do missions and complete their individual objectives.
                I mean, I'm fine with them experimenting, it's not like Fallout games can only be one genre. I for one would love a Fallout RTS a la Company of Heroes.
    Who is this guy and why are the things he says about Fallout credible??
        He's well known for his sources in the industry, hes preemptively announced a ton of games, unfortunately, he is really reliable
            well I HATE him >:(
    well nothing is *for sure* but i would imagine it’s a rust style game with a private server function where you can play alone.
        Personally I highly doubt that, I think it will have a single player with multiplayer elements and on the side a full on multiplayer. 
            The Dark Souls of fallout games?  
  
But for real, Supplemental online functionality akin to Dark Souls Invasions, Borderlands Style drop in/drop out coop, or just more in depth creation club sharing options, are all positives to me. An exclusive multiplayer experience is just... unnecessary.
    [deleted]
        Pretty much nobody is making MMOs in the west anymore.

They're just keeping alive those that released years ago


    I know he's been reliable in the past, but any and all leaks from non-Bethesda sources should be taken with a grain of salt. He might have insider knowledge but he'd be under an NDA so he'd need extremely vague about what he says.
        While I agree with what you say, he wouldn't be under an NDA, beause it's an insider leaking info to him

However I do agree that he is being intentionally vague to prevent Zenimax from stomping on his ass about it.
        I’m not sure you know what a leak is
    Jason is black listed, why are people still listening to him? He knows about as much as we do likely. 
    And he said this is coming off of three sources who are familiar with the project. How directly related are they to the project? Maybe they are just Beth workers who aren't working on the game at all? Or they were let go/fired/left and only know bits of the game, and probably got changed. Jason is very limited in what he says, and incoherent IMO. 
        The 4chan leakeeakerd also said he heard it at a holiday party I think, not that he had insider knowledge. He could very easily have misheard or missed put on other details. 
4 Player Drop-in drop-out would be marvelous for a game like this. That's really as "online" as I think fallout should get.  
    I wouldn't mind having a "server" or "world" w/e for just me and 3 of my other friends. Maybe we'd all have a settlement at a different parts of that map and only discuss what we've seen in game if we happen to meet each other in person at the same time to give it that "exchange of information" feel. Everyone would come in at different times depending on when they want to play.

Or just completely stick together and build one giant settlement...form a gang w/e

Assuming the leaks are real.
        I can finally realise my dream of expanding the Tunnel Snakes empire. All of Virginia will finally know who rules. 
            https://youtu.be/S0ximxe4XtU
            # TUNNEL SNAKES RULE
        [deleted]
            Like Realms for Minecraft?
                Like any dedicated server, really. Minecraft realms are just overpriced servers, but conveniently integrated into the game. But that's probably the idea.
    Same here. I don’t want any sort of pvp. Just some optional co-op and nothing more. 
    I hope so.  Online play is really the last thing I want from Fallout....
    This is how I feel. I LOVE how multiplayer was handled in Dying Light and have long thought that could work well in a Bethesda game (albeit more in line with Elder Scrolls, where you're not faced with many choices). I'd be alright with this system, provided it was more or less "single player" in every other facet.
I think the best thing to do at the moment is not to hope too much for anything. Tell yourself it'll be an always-online poor-quality clone of Rust, and if it turns out to be an awesome single player survival RPG (with optional online multiplayer that is in no way forced, nor prevents modding), you'll be delighted.
    Lower your expectations and you will always be happy
        [deleted]
    The hype train will chug along at walking speed for now
    In those terms, I'll either be delighted, or not buy the game...
        But at least if you end up not buying it, you'll have been expecting that from the start
i dont care about multiplayer as long as it isnt shoved in my face or my rectum.
that being said, tbh i dont believe the rumors. Legit leaks and rumors said that we would had a remaster and we get a spin off , until e3 i dont believe anything
    Theres gonna be a remaster, i would almost guarantee it. Hines has even said they've got one more secret left for E3. Perfect timing with FO3 anniversary. Not big enough for 24 hour stream excitement levels though so its gonna wait til day of.
        Are you ready to flame your ass for that prediction?
            Tabasco wager, the new gold standard of self confidence. 
            I'll eat a stack of donated $100 bills if a FO3 remaster isn't dropped at E3
            No, there's no way I could top him, my ass is just fine not on fire! I'll just say I think that it's gonna happen and sound less certain lol
                Ghost pepper sauce is always an option.

If you want to die that is.
        At this point Im more interested in a Fo3 remastered than whatever 76 will be, the information leaked doesn't sound good to me
        I think you're right. (I hope you're right.) It makes too much sense between the tenth anniversary, the cancellation of the FO3 mod for FO4, Erik Todd Dellums reappearing on Twitter after an extended absence. The signs seem to point to yes.
    This guy gets it ^^
        I know right? ALTHOUGH if it is actually a craft-grind-fest like dayz, rust and the typical early access bullshite OR a battle royale im going to reee so hard. and if they do that especially the second they gonna hear a lot of shit. its gonna be again mass effect andromeda release kind of shit. we'll see. 
            Either way I'm watching live, If it's a good game I'm hyped, if it's a bad game I get to enjoy the live audience reaction
                ah, good old Schadenfreude - delicious. 
    Only problem with this is that Jason is usually *really* on point with his leaks.

I hope someone's fucking with Kotaku for their last Beth leak.
        That could very well be the case. It’s easy for a company like Bethesda to have controlled leak with false info. Especially in Jason’s case, who they blacklisted. 
            He'd only be taking this kind of info from a source he trusted
    We are probably getting the remaster also knowing Bethesda. And they will probably find a way to sell Skyrim again too. Maybe a Skyrim/FO3 remastered combo.
        Fallout 3 remaster with a free in-game pipboy copy of Skyrim
    Until you get the official info it's all rumor and hearsay that could be total bs
    It would be funny if Bethesda just trolled Kotaku into the ground by releasing fake leaks. But at this point the outrage is pretty hardcore, I don't think they wanted this to get out of hand just for a joke or for a marketing stunt. I think (sadly) that the rumors are legit... The best we can hope for now is that it's a competent game, maybe just coop, and without microtransactions...
    Yup, I'm not believing any rumor about Fallout 76 until E3. But a Fallout remaster isn't yet out of picture. In fact there has been a leak with the Nintendo game list for E3 and Fallout 3 was there. Still I'm not sure the leak is legit.
Does it make any sense that it would require other people to play? How do you ensure that they're online when you want to play? If you have randos joining you how do you play for any length of time without them leaving and totally killing the immersion? There are a finite number of people in the vault with you. How do you have a bunch of online people be your fellow vault dwellers without just messing up the whole role playing part of the game? 

"I'm a vault dweller rebuilding the wasteland and this is my friend Kieth from the vault. Kieth killed me. He's teabagging me. I'm dead now."

"I'm a vault dweller rebuilding the wasteland with my fellow dwellers. This is my uncle Pete. Pete just disappeared and he's been replaced by some rando named _xX_SexBot69_Xx_ who doesn't say anything."

I don't see Fallout 76 being Fallout Fortnight.
    Never mind all of the role-playing/choices/branching quests that we expect from Fallout. Can any player playing with you affect your game world? What if you're playing a saint and they straight up murder a friendly town while you watch helplessly? 

A game like Fallout can't be multiplayer or it ceases to be like Fallout. It'd instead be something else entirely but with a Fallout skin and vocabulary.
        I mean if they let you decide if you want online or not like in Borderlands i dont see any of that being a problem. You either play solo or with friends that you know won't grief your game.

 I haven't played Rust but even similar games that I've played let you make a solo session so you don't have to deal with people.
            Rust is online only. Ark has an offline mode but Rust does not.
    I don't believe it will be, but this is silly.  A Way Out is a perfect example of a game that requires co-op in order to play.  It's called talking to the person/people you play with and planning a time during which you will all play.
        Not everyone has gaming buddies interested in the same types of games as this with the same schedule. It sucks to see the massive decline in single player games or historically single player games become bastardized.  You can play this online multiplayer game solo shouldn't really be considered single player.

I'm not saying it has to be one way or another.  But seeing fallout go that way would really suck.
        I hate online games where you can talk to people. Co-op or not.

I'm deaf. Basically we get excluded cos we want to play in silence and 12 year old morons kick you if you're not constantly chatting shit into a mic.

Just let me play the game
I don’t want there to be multiplayer because things like VATS and jet wouldn’t work.
    Honestly, from the old look of the Pip boy, I dont think theyre gonna have VATS in the game or Jet, since Byron wouldnt have "invented" it yet. I know there is a huge debate on Jet and when they used it in F4 but I like to think that the containers used for it are just from prewar asthma inhalers and were reused for Jet when it was first made, This way it still makes sense to have a Jet container in the past cut scenes and what not but also be actual Jet later in time. Thats just my take on it though.
        In New Vegas, didn't Jet provide instant AP? Great for an extended VATS firefight.
            Yup, it was +35 AP if memory serves
            Yes, same as in Fallout 3.
            I don't remember for sure. my last play through of nv was a little more than 4 years ago.
        Yeah, it definitely seems too early for a lot of chems.
            Lots of chems existed prewar 
            It's never too early for retcons though. Something to keep in mind on chems, ghouls, mutants, deathclaws, etc. They're fairly iconic to the series, people  will come to expect supermutants in their FO games even if it doesn't make sense given the time/place with regards to the lore(Mariposa, Myron making Jet, etc)


                Most of those actually could exists at that stage though. Deathclaws where made by the government prewar, and super mutants where released on the east coast pretty soon after 
                    They could. I know Deathclaws are a government expermiment on chameleons, but I am somewhat skeptical that they should be on the east coast. 

Supermutants should really only be on the west coast at the time of FO76, if made by FEV and The Master.

But I don't really think Bethesda really minds retconning their games to make them simpler and more generic for a wider audience. And while there's nothing inherently wrong with retcons, it still doesn't sit particularly well with me in this scenario. Akin to watering down what makes Fallout neat. But if the game is good, interesting, and still within acceptable bounds of canon then I'll be happy. 
                While mutants shouldn't be around *too* much (though 25 years is enough for a generation or two of many animals), Deathclaws were pre-war experiment and there were plenty of people flash-ghoulified from the bombs.

Supermutants are right out, and I'd hope that even if they include "jet", it'll have a different name as a "pre war drug that is only suspiciously *similar* to Jet"
                    Supermutants were actually created before the war in Vault 87, and that's only a few hours drive away from Virginia.
                    Jot? 
        Oh yeah, that's true jet hasn't been invented yet. So we can forget about that I guess.
            And super mutants don't exist as the master has just come around in 2105. Same with Deathclaws and everything else related to post war experiments. Plus most experimental vaults are still active
                Well Capital Supermutants came from Vault 87, although I don't remember at what point they escaped and took over. Also deathclaws are pre\-war creations, they either escaped from military bases or released by The Enclave on the East Coast. I know for a fact the Institute hasn't been experimenting with FEV yet, so none of those.
        Vats was in fallout one sort of, the percent hit thing if you right clicked in your weapon became vats later on when first person was possible. It was originally more detailed too with the eye and groin shooting?
    Jet could work, but instead of slowing down time it just makes everything you do faster.
        But you seeing the world faster would make everything harder not easier!
            Everything else moves at normal time but you're just faster
    Yeah everything else about fallout could work multiplayer (co-op not PVP) but not VATs
    I think VATS would work just fine.  Red Dead: Redemption had this effect with "Dead Eye" in multiplayer and it was fine.  For the PC that activated it, they would see time as being slowed and they would paint their targets then activate... not so different from VATS.  For anyone else it just appeared that that player was shooting insanely fast for a sec.  Jet would have the same effect... for however long it lasts you would just appear to be moving faster than everyone else.

EDIT:  Full disclosure, I haven't played this game in almost a decade now so I may have misspoke about the "time slowing" in multiplayer.  Although that's really aside from the point.  To be more clear... my point is that RDR Online still had Dead Eye and the basic mechanics of "select targets and activate" works pretty much the same as VATS.   Dead Eye in multiplayer didn't break RDR Online and VATS would not break a Fallout multiplayer experience.
        Your description doesn't add up.
[removed]
    I'd settle for a Drop-in/out if they insist on some form of multiplayer.
        Like they did with Farcry 5, which is the best coop experience i've had in a long time.  


Feel like playing with me?  cool jump in i'm in the middle of a mission.  Gotta run? ok seeya!
            My only grind about fc5 coop is that if you completed a mission while your friend was the host, you cant skip it in your own
                That's fair.  I ended up essentially playing the game twice because of that. 
        Really, you can have companions in all the Fallouts since 3. Why not have the second player control the companion? Hell, let it be 4 player and have a posse running through the wasteland. All they'd need to do is scale up the enemies.
            This would be so cool to me. I’d love that they do this. But don’t scale up the enemies. I hate bullet sponges - luckily mods can take care of that, but I think it’s better to just add more enemies rather than scale them up
#saveplayer1
The perfect game is one where your co-op party works like a D&D game, where each person has their stats and so one guy is charismatic and lucky (he does the talking) one is stong and good with guns, ones smart etc etc..

Then it plays like a regular fallout but with less ability to upgrade your skills, so finding people with complementary skills is important.
    That actually sounds good, was iffy on it before this explanation.
What my fear is that it is a destiny clone.
    That's my concern as well.  Hub and queue questing for random loot drops isn't something I can stomach for long.
        I don't think that'll be a problem since settlement building seems to be part of it.
            "Settlement building" is synonymous with having no plot and lacking details. I really hope they have good adventures and its not some blank slate for the player to make, thats not a fallout game. 
I want this but realistically its better to be pessimistic and think this is the shill game they want money on because you gotta keep up with competitors. be pleasantly surprised if its good but not disappointed if its bad
*Narrator voice*

Unfortunately, it wouldn't be.


(I sincerely hope I'm wrong. But Bethesda has not instilled me with hope about the future of the franchise)
If it's Diablo 3 / Borderlands styled drop in/out multiplayer, I'll be totally fine with it.

I don't want to be forced to play with other people, I want to experience the game my way in whatever style I decide for my character. But I would be open to having the option of replacing my companion with a friend's character and using a headset to coordinate an attack on a raider outpost. 


But if I'm forced to play with a group of 4 year olds with access to a headset, I'll pass on the game and continue playing Fallout 4.
    Yeah, it would be great if they were testing this feature out before making new elder scrolls game. However, I'm a bit worried it's going to be more invasive than drop in/out multiplayer given the current trends in gaming.
To me the dream would be that of the original guild wars game, with select main cities multiplayer, and the world and quests outside of those places are custom to each player

Multiplayer with optional single player would be fine too. I just need singleplayer. I don’t have friends and online trolls irritate me. And it’s not fun playing an online game with a bunch of 12 year olds screaming in the mic and killing you. (Rust) 
If it's online required, I'm done.
    Can't wait for fo loot boxes! 
As long as I can unplug my ethernet cable and play. 

I am never under any circumstances ever sharing even one second of my Fallout play experience with another player. I wouldn't dare give another player the pleasure of ruining it for me. 

I want pause. I want mods. I want solitude. I want singleplayer fallout. And no lootboxes for sale. If this game doesn't provide that, it doesn't get my money. Just like Elder Scrolls Online has never gotten my money.

I buy everything Bethesda Singleplayer. All the DLCs. I buy the Horse Armor. But I won't buy Online Multiplayer. 
    I’m right there with ya bud. But I’ll leave you alone. You did JUST say you want solitude. 
        There's a good man. 
    It all comes down to how it's done, if the multiplayer isn't required just an option good. If it is an online game I'll wait and see but I get where you're coming from. I'd tolerate it on a spin off
        If its in there at all, it means we don't get to have mods, which is the heart and soul of any Bethesda game. 
            There could still be mods, we thought we'd never get mods on console either but now we do. Yes not a much as pc I know. All comes down to execution how they do it. I'm putting away my expectations on this one and just waiting to see how it bangs out.
I would rather they put all the focus on single player 
It will be coop like borderlands 2 and other games
Edit: holy shit guys I was right, for sure gonna pre order this game in so hyped
    I'd be cool with that, as long as they also keep companions. It'd be nice to have a friend to explore the wasteland with, with enemies that scale accordingly. I just don't want an army of 10 year olds screaming in memes. 
        #DO U KNOW DA WAE TO MEGATON /s
        I'll say it again, because i've ranted at my friends like a 100 times about this, do coop in TES and Fallout and allow drop in/out co-op where they can join if you're in a town or settlement with a follower, they then take over the follower, and you can still lug your gear onto them and you can mark gear they're allowed to use, seamless and still keeps it as a crispy, clean RPG experience
            While this is the best way for it to work for story/ host I've always hated being a drop in player and not having work that I've done in a game matter for my own character. If I was to do a playthrough with a friend I want to be able to continue that by myself whenever with no negative effects. 
            Idk what kind of friend you are but I would not be my friends luggage in a game that we are supposed to play coop lol. Im sure it would be more like Farcry where you keep your companion and a friend can drop in/out. That way you still have your luggage following you around speaking nonsense but your friend is also having a true coop experience with you and progressing their own character for when they get back in their save game. 
                But my friend is luggage that makes great jokes! eitherway, Im a very "muh immersion" kind of person but even Farcry style coop I'd be extremely pleased with, me and my friend have spoke for years now ever since we couch co-opped some games and played through skyrim taking turns when I got it earlier than him about how great a beth title with co-op would be
                    O I would definitely love a 2 player experience in fallout for sure, but I still want my loot and experience to carry back into my game. also, I wouldn't want my friend running away with all my extra grenades and pipe posts lol.
                        I just feel like a 2 player experience with the game built around it (with the option to choose your basic backstory for co-op or something so that NPCs can acknowledge you rather than pretending you don't exist) like for example obviously in your main game you're the protag, but in a co-op game you're a guard for hire or a vault dweller who offered to help a fellow dweller just something so the immersion isnt entirely shattered if every npc treats you like the same protaganist or doesnt acknowledge you outside of combat encounters at all, guess there's a reason im not a game dev huh
                        Also yeah, fuck that, I'd want a non shared loot system where both players get their own individual loot from the same corpses, can you imagine if they added back in Unique weapons only for your friend to memorize all the good ones and quickly run around ninja looting them ; - ; 
    that, I can deal with
    This would be ideal and probably make an overall better game. 
I'm with you.  I am by nature a single-player gamer and the push to make all things multiplayer is not my favorite.  I'd like a single player game with options to be multiplayer.  I feel like a lot of the gaming industry has shifted from largely single player with multiplayer options to primarly multiplayer with singleplayer options
I don't want a multi-player fallout. I don't care about multi-player games. Give me a fucking rpg and I'll be happy.
    What about the three RPG bars you choose to increase when you level up? Or "Choose your RPG perk" leveling system?

I hate to say it, but with every new game I'm liking their products less and less. All the way back to definitely Morrowind, maybe Daggerfall. They add something great and take two great aspects away. It's sad :/
        "Skills? What?! Skills are for nerds! Just mash it all into the perks! Nobody likes to keep track of *numbers*!"
            This crushed me. I could stomach everything else but the character build is what makes it so awesome and unique. 
                Agreed! Skills give me the option to make one character unique from another. Mashing everything into perks both removes the unique character creation AND waters down perks with a bunch of nonsense like damage boosts and other stat changes that were previously tied to skills.
        I think that NV had the RPG element almost perfect, or as close as I've ever experienced in a modern game. However, I never played Morrowind or Daggerfall and started with FO3.
            I definitely agree, but NV is an exception, really. Developed by Obsidian, with a lot of people who really understood RPGs and the Fallout universe. It's easily my favourite Fallout. Fallout 2 is close or tied; it's hard to compare such drastically different game styles though. 
That would literally be perfect. Just a few days ago my husband said he wished fo4 was multi-player since we've beat all lit games together. We are almost finished with our 2nd playthrough of Borderlands 2, it would be a dream to get to play Fallout with him. 
    I want your marriage
        I'll settle for being adopted.  
  

        Kill the husband
    I know how you feel. I've been waiting for the fonv coop mod to get workable for ages 
Keep hoping.
Whatever it is I just hope I don't have to talk to or hear anyone else online, as long as I can play without a headset, ready to go 
At this point I’m worried because on one hand I understand that the rumors out there about the game are just that rumors, but everything has a grain of truth to it. All we want is a normal fallout game not a vault builder simulator or a mmo just plain old fallout.
I dont want to play with other people.
It's a Rust clone. We're not going home boys. If the game's most heavily focused theme won't be online and building then I'll drink 2 tabasco sauces.
    > character art director on instagram said it won't be


rip VATS
Fallout has always been a you vs the world game... why do butchers always want the bakery to.
    Hey, Butcher Pete is an honest man.
        If only he cared a bit more about whose meat he was chopping..
            He loooooves that meat
        No he ain't, thats Butcher Phil. Butcher pete is a real piece of work.
    Fallout was always isometric, until it wasn't. 

Not saying I want online-only or w/e, but I think its healthy to keep an open mind. 
I mean at this point for those of us who don't care about Rust style games one bit OP's suggestion would be the best outcome.

But I think the writing is on the wall for this game. I think they wanted an online only, "games as a service" game that they could sell micro-transactions in without people getting too upset. 

I hope the backlash it huge. 
Huge fallout fan- but as an console player, my survival games are limited to mainly Ark and Subnautica. I would love have new fallout content but if they had anything like the survival aspect of what these leaks propose I would love it. 

I feel like survival aspects and questing can work with co-op, I’m interested to see what Bethesda brings to the table at E3 
I like this general idea and think it’s most likely what we’ll get if there is multiplayer. But I don’t think Borderlands is fun to play by yourself at all. It’s way too hard (at least the last time I tried). The game supposedly scales with how many players you have, but single player difficulty is still way too high. I love Borderlands, but only if I have a friend to play it with.

A system like that but with much easier single player (same difficulty as any other Fallout game) would be ideal.
I'm excited nonetheless.  The worst Fallout game I ever played was fucking awesome.
As long as the single player part of the game is just as in depth as any other expected Bethesda RPG title I am cool with it.
    [deleted]
I really hope it's not another freaking battle Royale game. 
    What about rust clone? The timeline is right. The Fallout Battle Royale spinoff won't be done for a few years yet. 
Drop in, drop out like Far Cry or the Techland games would be great. 
    I think you're on the money but we'll have to wait.

Even if this wasn't a heavy feature of the game - you'd still find it notable right? Methinks that's what Jason paid attention to when he saw the leak.
It won't be a single-player oriented game, if it was they would name it Fallout 5.  
Simple, the change in title shows a change in direction, it will be a side-game from the main series focused on multiplayer.
    New Vegas didn't share the "Fallout #" scheme, was technically a side story, and was still an amazing and immersive single player RPG
I'm getting a bad feeling about this game from some details we have. First the fast turnaround from fo4. Second, a line that talks about focusing on rebuilding from the teaser. Then a report about how it's not going to be the same old fallout with mp components. 

I think we're getting a console version of FOS. It'll be a co-op settlement building Sim with FOS mechanics, sending people out into the wastes, making stronger walls/structures, defenses etc.

It will be riddled with micro-transactions and p2w sales.

I hope I'm wrong and this was meant to be a huge dlc that morphed into its own game instead. 
    And don't forget who is developing it... Former Battlecry Studios
We have a lot of single player content already. I would be very happy if they didn’t half ass a multiplayer attempt by trying to bridge the two worlds. I would really like to see whatever multiplayer game done at full effort. Just not a battle royal. 
what i want is eather a dark souls system were you can "summon" some one to give you a hand, or an arena were we can test builds.
I could go with a dark souls style multiplayer too. Single player for most purposes but with the ability to invade peoples games and gank people
Personally I think that drop-in co op would be the best move 
Also: with no multiplayer achievements. 
I just hope they don't make it multi player and then just re release fallout 4 for 10 years without making another game. you know like some other Bethesda game that had a huge fan base.
I agree wholeheartedly.  I played through both Borderlands games by myself and loved it.  Played with friends and loved it.  Give us the option to do both/either.  I would be fine with that.

What I do not want, is a PvP game that ends up being more about building bases and griefing other players.  Fallout may be a good setting for that, but I avoid those types of games.  It will be disappointing if this is the first* Fallout I have to skip.

^^^*I ^^^know, ^^^Brotherhood ^^^of ^^^Steel ^^^exists.  ^^^I ^^^refuse ^^^to ^^^acknowledge ^^^that ^^^game.
I will wait and see. If its like FO4 but with better building, optional co-op, better AI, and a choice system like new vegas I will be very happy.

Hell I might even break my preorder strike to preorder the thing.

It had better not bring shame the Fallout series though.
My issue with any Bethesda game being multiplayer is that we can't mod out their fuck ups...
I hope it’s like gta online but without the 12 minute loading screens
Question for those who support multiplayer for some godawful reason: How do you expect mods to work?
Aye I will be fine with that, let those who want to play alone, play alone, those with friends or strangers, multiplayer.

The Fallout series has always been a relaxing single player experience for me, I'd hate to see it turn into a horrible multiplayer fest where people being people on the internet just has to ruin things for others.
It's Conan Exiles: Fallout version.

Think about it. 

They put the basic backbone in F04. Scavenging, crafting machines, base building, recruitment etc. 

IF they keep it the way Conan Exiles works where you can host your OWN single-player or Co-op to play with friends. Not only am I in, but that's literally the thought that repeatedly comes to me as I play Conan. Man...I wish this was in the fallout universe. 


Further Fallout Shelter which was a promotion/F04 advertisement has earned them a crap load of money.

Which is why the single player game I think dies. They'll set this up to shovel CC and fallout 76 will have micro transactions out the ass. Which you only get a big push for IF you make it online/multiplayer only. 

*Mods RIP for Fallout 76 as well. But then again Conan Exiles is pretty mod happy. 
    I agree with you, online/multiplayer = more money and they know this. Any online component will surely have lootboxes/microtransactions attached to it. Every dev studio is looking at the piles of money those types of games bring in and salivating, it's no wonder so many are adopting that monetization style. 
I'm sure Bethesda will make a fun game regardless. Just don't hold your breath, I'd brace for disappointment.
    > I'm sure Bethesda will make a fun game regardless. Just don't hold your breath, I'd brace for disappointment.

There's a ton fun games, the problem is there's only one Fallout franchise that we want to play and they'll give us fun but not Fallout game. I can play Rust, Fortnite and what else right now if I want.
        Agreed, I feel the same way. I just didn't want to come out and directly say I don't want this shit, I like fallout because it's fallout a single player rpg. I don't want them to just use the franchise as way to get people invested in their corporate grab at what is currently trending right now.
My guess is that they’ll integrate multiplayer into the game-play in a way that makes it optional. It probably won’t be a main focus, but I’m guessing that there will be some cool area/repeatable quests/multiplayer game that has the multiplayer aspect. It would be cool if there was a gaming console on the character’s room and he/she plays online games with other vault dwellers (who are actually other people online).
    Why not just have actual open world Co op like the saints row games did for instance?

Or even something like SWTOR where the party completes the story at the same time. Minus the MMO aspect the story stuff was pretty strong in swtor
I'm guessing it's going to be a PvP version of Fallout 4.  Resource collection, base building, then you raid each other's bases and steal supplies or materials.

However, Dying Light is the perfect model of how multiplayer should work in every game.  Each person sees cut scenes, each person gets experience and progresses the story, and everyone gets an equal share of loot.
    Haven't played DL - but from my understanding Divinity 2 did multiplayer RPG very well, and of course there is how Borderlands does multiplayer. 

Borderlands without multiplayer would be half the game, imho. 
This is what I was hoping for, I do not need online pvp multiplayer however give me the option to join friends games so we can quest together. If this was the case I would love to see a few end game vaults added in where you need 2 or more people to complete the task or fully get through the vault. The only issue I see with this thinking is, if they add base building they will have to separate instances where the game hosts buildings are accessible. This could be easily neutralized by adding access to a global stash for your character via some sort of box or device where you can unload junk/items you want to keep so you are not over cumbered and are not forced to sell all of your findings. 
I'm very optimistic. I love the Fallout universe, and any game where I can chill with my squad and have a good time is always a plus. 

Yeah, It's not FO5 and thats a bummer, but it's still Bethesda and they produce quality games.
Borderlands 2 is really not what I want for a Fallout Game... that's way to deep into the FPS genre.

Something like Ark Survival Evolved would be better. In a Fallout Setting it would be perfectly fine to play it solo, just like Fallout 4 was in hardcore mode. But you can also play with some friends.
I have to admit that I only play Ark on my own private server with custom settings (faster taming and more ressources, but everything is still deadly and you have to eat/drink).
Something like official Ark Servers would be very bad for a Fallout game. Even though it would make for some excellent human raiders.... ...
THe only tough part I see if they go Rust style build/survival is material collection. How do you collect materials like Rust but keep it immersive in the Fallout world which has so many different building materials. Like, o look, a toilet, hit it with your pickaxe for ceramic and search the trash bin for glass and copper in lightbulbs? You know? I would love a 2 player coop and wouldnt hate if they did that, but I dont see a Rust clone happening, thats for sure. Unless you buy loot crates with build materials....
I'd be fine with multiplayer just as long as it's not shoved down our throats like what they've been doing to BO4. Co-op would be cool too, but it all SHOULD be optional
Oof no way. Multiplayer, even if optional would totally ruin the mechanics and atmosphere of fallout
I think they said FO4 had 400 hours of gameplay?

If this had 150 hours of gameplay and a great, Rustesque multiplayer experience I'd be excited.
I don't mind logging into a server to play a game that has MP functionality. I just don't want to be forced to interact with other players. 
I think a whole, whole lot of people are going to be REALLY disappointed in this community in a few weeks.
Make the multi-player a sim, like Anchorage.  
Whatever happened to Fallout as an RPG?  I don't want Borderlands, I want a game like New Vegas where I can play the character I want to play and make decisions which have some weight on the direction quests take.  How will it even be possible to have discussions with NPCs with co-op?
I'd enjoy a game along those lines far more than I did FO3, FO4, or even FONV - with the weapon modding and all - in terms of gameplay. There are many holes in the combination of world design and quest design in the new Fallout games, and to me that's partly due to the way that gameplay and the skill system were structured. FO4 tried to correct it but failed even harder. Bethesda could learn a lot from the Borderlands series. Gearbox did an amazing job combining world design, gameplay, skill system, quest design and co-op. If I had to complain about anything in the Borderlands series, it'd be the lack of a nice third game instead of The Pre-Sequel.
I just hope it's not Fallout shelter 3D with microtransations and multiplayer
Or just a single player game. I’m so sick of multiplayer being shoehorned into shit. They fucked TES
Some of us don’t have any friends to play with, forced multiplayer ruins us
Even with "optional multiplayer" you still have to gut the complexity of the game pretty severely. It's just not possible to 'streamline' multiplayer into an existing, singleplayer world. It just doesn't work that way, there is a lot of compromise to be made with everything about the size of the world, the density of the assets, the complexity of the physics and more. I can't even understand how people don't see this, and think "co\-op" is just about flipping some kind of multiplayer switch into the 'on' position. Start paying attention to the details of the games you're actually playing...

It wouldn't make me feel much better. Really have to wait and see, I hope none of the rumors are true about this being any kind of "Rust" clone, even slightly. Just because it would be 'optional' multiplayer wouldn't make me any less anxious either.
I'm more hyped about this than a Fallout 5 announcement. I didn't even finish Fallout 4 and New Vegas did not age well. Fun is what I want and an online Fallout game sounds fucking awesome
I prob won't get it if it's focusing on multiplayer. I want single player games. 
If you are concerned it is going to be pvp focused, or online only....think about this. Do you really think an old updated engine would be able to support such? Things like the physics engine, vats, and mods would have to all but gutted or watered down to the point where it isn't even a fallout game anymore.

Do you think Bethesda is that thick? I don't think they are. Far more likely it is co-op, than a watered down fallout that is a dayz or rust knockoff. 
I agree on some points. I like having multiplayer options, just for all that is holy don't give lip service to single player then leave us hanging. Do it right, then worry about multiplayer.  

Far Cry 5 is a great example. great single campaign. can invite friends or go off in to the arcade and have fun.
I'm hoping for something like Fable multiplayer, a friend can hop in and run around with you but otherwise it's just single player.
Well Borderlands 2 is my favorite game of all time, so i can't oppose this.
Borderlands-style is okay with me. I preferred playing solo anyway.
I think its going to be an interesting test of game design.

One of Fallout's best features (IMHO) is it's grittiness and atmosphere.  
I find that it is difficult for me to get absorbed into a games atmosphere when there are other players. I hope Bethesda are as good as i think they are, and can overcome this challenge.

Counterpoint to my own point: Left4Dead managed to keep its air of tension and horror even while you were playing with 3 other people.

It can be done, and if anyone can do it, it's Bethesda. 

keep the faith Dwellers.
These a saying: hope in one hand...
I worry that if it is just an online thing that they just wasted a bunch of long set up lore, and wasted an entire states worth of location potential that could be used for an actual fallout game, on something that wont even be canon.
To be honest I think Bethesda are clever enough to know that if they make it completely online then they'll lose a lot of there core fan base as I truly do love a single player rpg unlike a generic run of the mill online game that's fun for a week
As it turns out, it isn't just Bethesda being incompetent in delivering bug-free experiences; they've also got a few bugs in their PR department.
Unfortunatley a lot of games with "optional" multiplayer still suffer from it. 

Ranging anywhere from Borderlands, where some Bosses are designed to be killed as a group and thus are very hard in Singleplayer to the level of GTAV, where the Multiplayer straight out killed the SP.

If F76 really had a Multiplayer, I doubt personaly have my doubts they'd handle it well
I’m hoping it’s gonna be like far cry 5 optional coop
    I’m hoping it doesn’t have the annoying feature of your progress doesn’t get saved if you’re the one joining. I haven’t been able to understand that one yet
I was trying to think of a way the multiplayer could be good (according to my personal preferences) when I can across this simple solution. Very good idea
I'm sure the Devs thought that the blank slate of 'rebuilding' lore would be amplified if the playerbase experienced surviving and thriving in the wasteland with actual people. I trust Bethesda on having quests and story that passes as its own game. Maybe we actually will get to see the Master. I'm just disappointed by some of the reactions. We have to see what they have to offer because I don't think they showed everything before we burn it at the stake, is all I'm saying.
IDK about everyone, but I'd *love* a multiplayer Fallout game.

Me and my friend(s) can explore the wastelands and be gay scoundrels. Explore, loot, fight raiders, run away from Deathclaws. What's not to love? 
    Sounds like you want a game thats not fallout 
        What about that isn't Fallout? It's everything you'd normally do but with a friend.
            It isn't Fallout because a deep singleplayer experience with a lone deus ex machina-style protagonist has always defined the series. Think about the names of the protagonists: "Chosen One," "Lone Wanderer," and "Sole Survivor" all connote *one* person discovering and transforming their world.

With all that said, I don't necessarily disagree with OP - a co-op Fallout experience could be great fun, and it's awesome that there can still be innovation and experimentation within the series - provided that the multiplayer doesn't come at the *expense* of singleplayer, and also provided that F76 isn't just a cheap clone of some other game.

                The series is constantly being redefined though. It was few 2D isometrics once, then it was a couple of 3D rpgs (People on NMA said: "This isn't Fallout this is bullshit!"), followed by a more action/craft orientated iteration ("RPG elements only? Not Fallout") and now we've allegedly got one that experiments with a multiplayer aspect of some kind. Every single time the games try to evolve and explore the potential of the franchise everyone says "not a true Fallout!".

Regardless the baseline Fallout experience isn't going anywhere anytime soon so I don't think multiplayer itself warrants trepidation when we're not sure how it's going to be implemented. I'd agree with your overall worries if this was Fallout 5. But Fallout 76? Let's see where they it.


                    But with regards to Fallout 4 taking away many of the series' RPG aspects and shifting more into settlement building, I'd say the objections were and still are valid. Most fans, myself included, disliked the shift and hope that the next iteration in the series will revert back to the older approach. Evolution is fine as long as it actually enhances the game, but more recent "evolutions" have been detrimental.

The shift from turn-based to FPS was better because a) the devs properly accommodated older fans by making VATS a core gameplay feature (and, again, I won't mind multiplayer if the devs accommodate older fans with singleplayer), and b) the shift actually made sense since turn-based games work best with multiple-protagonist games like Wasteland, Divinity, and XCOM.
                >Chosen One," "Lone Wanderer," and "Sole Survivor" all connote *one* person discovering and transforming their world.

And hopefully single player is an option too

But I'd be extremely excited to play a full Co op experience of fallout too. There's nothing inherently fallout about being alone, you're called that but then you meet lots of companions and people. In 3 your father survived, in NV you weren't a vault dweller and in 4 the main story focused on you finding your son. (never actually finished the main q in 4)

I'd be up for a co-op experience where 2 people survive the vault or something 
                    The companions and NPCs in previous games don't make Fallout any less of a singleplayer experience - even when other characters matter to the story, the lone protagonist is still by far the most important character, and you never actually need companions to thrive in the game. But the concept of the lone protagonist is also important for gameplay's sake, not just the story.

Again, I have nothing against co-op or multiplayer, but if it comes at the expense of singleplayer then that would be a slap in the face to most fans.
            Everything that makes fallout fallout wouldn't be possible with a friend. 
            And when your friends decide to be evil on your good playthrough? Or free the slaves that you were trying to collect to please a settlement leader you need an "in" with? Or simply kill everyone in an important town while you're left watching?

The freedoms afforded players in most Fallout titles would be sources of much grief in a multiplayer environment, I suspect. 
                Your assuming a lot about the gameplay which we don't know yet.
                    Aren't you, though? You said a multiplayer experience would be "everything you'd normally do but with a friend," so I listed some things we'd normally do in a Fallout game, and now you object to the assumptions? Can't have it both ways. If my assumptions are too much, then this isn't a "Fallout" game much at all, at least in the traditional AAA-game sense of it. 
                        >Aren't you though?

No, I'm making no assumptions. I based my comment off of this:

>Explore, loot, fight raiders, run away from Deathclaws.

Followed by

>Sounds like you want a game thats not fallout

Anything beyond that is conditional. You could conjure up any number of hypothetical scenarios (which you have) that'd detract from the gameplay of the series but it's not known yet how it'll be handled or what the results will be so the comment about someone wanting a game that's not Fallout is ridiculous until we know more about multiplayer integration.
                I understand your frustration with this and I would agree that this would be an issue in a free roam type of multiplayer.... however, in a controlled CoOp style multiplayer this should not be a problem as the only people allowed to join you are your friends.  Then you and your friends can use chat and make in\-game decisions together.  Otherwise if you have friends that would intentionally wreck your fun by not playing the way you want... you should probably just get some better friends...
                Didn't Divinity:OS 2 just come out, did we all forget? 

Not saying the game would be like that, just saying that it COULD. 
        Am I the only one who remembers when fallout was isometric only? The series has evolved in multiple ways - some good, some bad. 

You don't determine the guidelines that make a game Fallout or not. 
        > a game that's not fallout

So we're just ignoring the fact that 3 was an entirely different game than the first two?
    What if you have no friends. People like us exist uno. I want a game all to myself, why do I have to be forced to play against others. 
    So you want to play a destiny skinned fallout?
    That's all great except it makes the game pointless to anyone whose friends are not into fallout or gaming in general. I don't want my ability to play and enjoy fallout to be limited by my friends' lack of desire to play fallout.
I’m not hopeful. I’m cautious. If there’s an open beta I’ll play, I’ll watch gameplay footage, and I’ll take the thoughts and opinions of the Reddit community into account before I make a decision on whether or not to give this game my time and money. 

I will NOT however just blindly jump on some bandwagon of (oh this is gonna be the worst game ever, because it isn’t what we asked for) or the other side of (this game is gonna be the best game ever and Todd Howard is a God!). 

Use common sense people. Look, listen, and form your own sensible opinion. 
    That's not how parenthesis are supposed to be used.
Its an MMO my guy, either an MMO or something akin to rust or conan exiles. Do not expect a quality fallout we've come to know and love, but a divergence. 
Its 1950 rust. Its base building, its wilderness survival. Its base building dayz
Nah. Definitely going to be Fallout meets Rust meets settlement building.
Fallout 4 was pretty dumbed down and had a cliche story with lame side quests. They might as well release a multiplayer Fallout game. It can't be any worse or as bad as people say.
Personally hoping for darks soulsesque  drop in/out. Invasions and small group Co op
[deleted]
    All I want in a Bethesda game at this point is a fucking RPG.
Im really hoping it isnt like elder scrolls online, because i thought that game was just a mess
BREAKING NEWS: Bethesda don't give a fuck about your hopes random human-annoyed.
People will buy it either way.
That imo would be ideal and even better then a fallout with just offline play, I always wanted to experience the wasteland with friends
I just hope user mods arent completely fucked at least we can try and salvage parts of it that way 
That's exactly how it's going to end up.
You and me both, friend. 
That's something that I've wanted for Bethesda OWRPGs since before Borderlands was even a thing.
Me too....
Probably multiplayer component is same as State by Decay 2: basically game is multiplayer, but can be played totally solo by limiting joining options to private or invite only.

Shared world in Destiny worked nice for those who prefer to play alone: you may meet other players, do something small activity together and after that they are on their way for good.
Same
I think you’re unfortunately going to be disappointed.
gilded, really?
It's going to be a survival/crafting game.  They already got us prepped for it with Fallout 4.  Probably not a lot of story at all.
It probably will be. When I think if the game the only way multiplayer can work is if they do it like boarder lands.
Any online aspect is shitty, honestly, but I'm willing to tolerate it if its a minor experimental aspect of the game. I.e. A normal fallout game with co-op. I doubt that's happening.
I'd put money on this being the case
I just want them to change the RPG system back to more closely resemble 3 and New Vegas. 

But I know it won't happen. Fallout 4 sold gangbusters so I know the days of the original Fallout are over. 
I’m hoping the same thing, like the division where you had a nice open map and an optional pvp zone. 
After rewatching the trailer several times and noticing several things like the bed in the beginning with the kids toys near it, the family friendly board games. What if you play as a family? Say you choose a male character then you can invite a friend to join you as the female spouse character
I hope it's epic
I hope the hype doesn’t drive people to hate it, like fallout 4. Fallout 4 is a damn good game 
I want the same. I'm a multi-hour solo wasteland wanderer, Skyrim nomad, Breathe of the Wild every-inch-of-Hyrule explorer. though, my kids would like the multiplayer mode
It seems impossible to use VATS in multiplayer. That's a core mechanic IMO. 
    You could initiate vats together and have two people rain hell down on your enemies 
As long as you can do offline mod if your internet goes
Hearing it get compared to Ark kind of makes me excited, to be honest.  Survival, gathering, building, all seem to be a good fit for a Fallout spin-off game.

Taming deathclaws sounds fun!
I really do NOT want it to be multiplayer. I would much rather have it be a New Vegas type game, just another single player game essentially, even if it uses some of FO4's assets.
Borderlands style co op would be fucking fantastic, it's something I've always wanted from Fallout
If its online for PC or switch, I'm fine with online. 
If it has co op it won't have long NPC conversations because the partner would just be standing there. No one else think about this? 
If it is a Battle Royale it will be the crushing blow to my love for  Bethesda. Skyrim was a pretty great game, even if it felt more shallow than previous titles. Fallout 4 was not the Fallout I was hoping for. The main game was okay and Far Harbor was a breath of fresh air but the DLC was bad, maybe the worst by them so far. Elder Scrolls Online was a fun idea but I couldn't get it to it because it wasn't a good MMO or good RPG imo...

It's just slipping further and further from my all time favorite games. NV, 3, Skyrim, Oblivion, Morrowind. That's my childhood. I'd hate to watch it go...
YES

THIS

I HOPE SO AS WELL
Im thinking in the same vein as State of Decay 2, but Fallout and, Id assume, better.
I read a quote saying something along the lines of, "those expecting single player content will be disappointed". Hopefully just gossip
Falloutnite Battle Royale 
People have been screaming for multiplayer for years, and Bethesda was hiring for someone with MP experience, so it's not surprising that we're getting it. I can't see them running servers for games this popular, as I don't think they want to be managing a crap load of servers in-house. But I can see them allowing servers to be set up to allow multiplayer. Sort of like how Minecraft does. 

I don't know what FO76 will be, but I just can't imagine any main FO or TES title moving to multiplayer only. The BGS core business is still single player action/immersive/sandbox RPGs. 
Honestly that's sounds like where it may be going. Maybe similar to how it worked in Far Cry 5?
I'f they were able to make a full single player game this fast I will be amazed! 
Look at ark for how I envision this game to a T it will have single player but it’s just the multiplayer with nobody else playing
I would also like Portal 2 being another route to take \(unless that is what Borderlands 2 does, I haven't played any of those games\) where there is a proper single player mode but you can also play a very fun duo player mode as well.  
I want a role-playing game first and foremost. If I wanted a linear shooter or shooter with stats, then there's *already* Borderlands to play.

Mass Effect 3 wasn't improved by multiplayer. Why on Earth would I want it in a Fallout game as a feature? It'd be better in a Fallout spinoff game, not a major title in the franchise.

I'm also concerned about the "rebuilding" theme they've got going on. I worry they're going to go balls-to-the-wall on the construction thing and make Fallout: Fortnite.

And while the construction thing was interesting in F4, that's not what I want in a Fallout game. I want a gritty, darkly humorous post-apoc role-playing game set in an atompunk wasteland where I get to make some decisions with consequences (big and small) that shape the future of said wasteland.
That would be the prefect case scenario!
400
I just want to play with my best friend! That is all please! Build a base and have fun together!
One can only hope
This is what hubbs and I are hoping for.  Something where we can each go through the story on our own, but at the same time, help each other out.
I hope it's the exact opposite.
My thoughts exactly
I'd want something kind of like borderlands 2 meets new vegas where there's a clear emphasis on people liking you based on how you've acted gameplay wise, but allowing you to have pretty much campaign co-op
Oh my sweet Summer Child.
My first instictive reaction is:

***Fuck no don't change my beloved fallout series formula***

But on further contemplation, its kind of a cool idea. I would prefer that the main fallout series continue with the same formula, and a concept like that is done in a spinoff game.
If this is the case, I’d be happy and fine with it. In fact I kinda like the idea of literally having to survive in the wasteland. If it’s strictly online, I’m probably gonna avoid this one and wait for Fo5 instead.
Yall are hyping yourselves up entirely too much. Wtf is going on here
Honestly a sort of co-op Fallout seems like it'd be a breath of fresh air.
Thats all I've, my friends included, wanted for years now. Just give us a fallout or an elder scrolls game where my friend can join my game as a companion and explore and quest with me. Nothing crazy, no PvP just bare bones co op.
Yeah, if it was MMO it would defeat the whole theme of being one of the sole survivors of nuclear annihilation
I wonder how the vats system gonna work in multiplayer
I hope it's done Borderlands style 
I know I might be driving in the wrong lane here, but I actually hope it’s an online game like DayZ or Rust. *Van Buren* was such a cool concept, and I hope this game finally realizes that vision.
Yeah I thought of Dead Island too. Where it won't change the gameplay too much either Way.
It's pretty 100% going to be a BR game dude.
I would encourage a fallout game like this.
Ign which I would think I'd s credible source said that it's meant to be a survival game along the lines of dayz and rust
To be honest? I'd be happy with a borderlands scenario where you can solo or opt to join up with a team.
I don’t believe the Kotaku rumors, because just the day before 76 was officially announced, the same exact Kotaku “leaker” guaranteed everybody that it was just gonna be a Fallout 3 remaster. So fuck that guy’s credibility.
I hope its singleplayer with the option of co-op mode. It'd be nice to go exploring with friends.

Btw. Any word of when we can start preorders?
I think they should make as if it were a single player game (So it still is quality alone) and add the potential for multiplayer. Perhaps kind if like gta online where you have a seperate character for online, but single player is just single player.
I'm hoping for an optional multiplayer without the singleplayer being watered down. I'm thinking it may be an MMO type thing and if it is I'll definitely play it with friends, but if I'm by myself I'll switch to singleplayer. You can be guaranteed there'll be assholes waiting to kill players and loot their gear, if there's mechanics like that.
What I'm really hoping is that it's basically Fallout 4 with an optional co-op.

There would be an emphasis on the settlement building, which would basically be an improved version of what we've seen. However, there would also be both a main and side quests, which could be completed either alone or with a friend.
co-op play?  think about it:  when you have companion(s), they so get in your way.  do you really want loose cannons driven by real people unpredictably getting in your way and you cannot just send them home?  
Just had this idea.
It should be single player, and there should be a machine at the beginning of the game that someone makes an offhand comment about how it "was an experiment to sent people into an alternate reality or something like that, but it just looks like it vaporized people who go in it, so we don't use it."
It could be how you first go into online mode and it is the same map and everything, just no unique weapons (So you can't just duplicate everything) and a re-spawn system or something)
Have we even heard this is anything like a normal Fallout game?  From where I'm sitting I'm imagining something a lot more like Sim City or Civilization.

And I'm okay with that, provided it's done well and not just a terribly rushed & cheap tablet game.
I hope it is NOT a boxed-in storyline like FO4.  NO STRINGS ATTACHED with other folks' expectations and demands.
I would love a borderlands style of co op. State of decay and far cry 5s version with host client is not acceptable. 
I wonder how they could do a good co-op experience and still make it open world like the other Fallouts.
I really hope there isn't any multiplayer option, never been a fan of it in these style of games in my opinion it detracts from the experience.
Raid bosses, and multiplayer quests would be ideal as well as the option to jump in and out with coop.

Then on the competitive side add in base attack and maybe a dueling mode (hey, this might actually pressure bethesda to go in and balance weapons and armor as we discover which are broken!)

Allow 90% of the content to be technically done single player and we'll be good.
+1
Slightly off-topic, but is there a chance they might release another game as well this year since they're working with another studio on this and if I remember correctly it's based on a prototype version of fallout 4? 
This really doesn't work, playing solo in a game made for co-op is never satisfying - You will be underwhelmed, I guarantee you. The core mechanics, balance, in-game features will all be optimized and focused on co-op.
They've said it's a multiplayer survival game like RUST or DayZ so I wouldn't hold my breath.
I'm hoping for Star Wars Galaxies (pre-patch) like sandbox settlement building and open ended leveling if it ends up being an mmo.
100&#37; hate multiplayer.
I totally agree, man. The idea of an online Fallout doesn’t really vibe with me. I feel that the whole point of fallout is learning to adapt and survive with little to no help. Learning to fend for yourself out in the unforgiving wasteland adds more punch to the character, proving they’re strong enough to handle the brutal reality of the post apocalypse. I’d be down to see an optional co-op but that’s about as far as I’d want it to go.

This being said, I’m still going to give it a chance if it’s multiplayer. 
That's exactly what I was hoping for when I first heard the rumors. I love Borderlands and I think a fallout with a similar system would be a lot of fun. Imagine doing the quest Wang Dang Atomic Tango with your friends. 
I feel like that would be most likely based on Bethesda's support for single-player games. I don't see them going for Rust or Ark-style, beyond mechanics, and leaks have mentioned it having quests. It'll probably be a typical Fallout experience with expanded base building and the ability to do co-op but also the option to play solo with AI companions. It will just have more survival mechanics than FO4 and require actively managing settlements but still be a story-heavy Fallout hopefully.
If tgeres battle royale ill prob off myself
A mix of both would be great
Honestly hoping it's a destiny clone. Run around collecting supplies killing enemies for loot making your toon look as badass as possible all the while getting more powerful. Unique weapons become the equivalent of destinies exotics. Throw a raid in there and call it a day
i agree, it would be very strange playing a fully online fallout game, it could take away some of the experience of a fallout game
I respectfully disagree.  I hope Fallout never has multiplayer.

Edit:  Fuck.
YES
Actually when I heard about FO76 coming out, I tried to start playing FO3 as a kill everything run, but then I kinda stopped. Then booted up BL2. Gud gam
Considering how it took a decent amount of time for fo4 to be released, this may be some type of standalone dlc. Like when battlefield 4 and hardline came out relatively close to each other, fo76 might be just one thing Bethesda is releasing this year. I'm still hoping for a fo3 remaster to be announced by Nintendo. Honestly more excited about that. 
    It wouldnt take as long as F4 because they dont have to rebuild an entire game engine this time around. Just new story lines and voice acting plus world building. Weve also seen how easy it is for them to build a new world now as well since when they first showcased settlements they said that they used the same system as they did when building the world. Look at New Vegas, same thing. Its a new game and story but using the same engine that took up most of the development time. Since they also said two studios were working on it, its very much possible that this is an entire new game in the series and not just a one off mobile game. I guess all Im saying is its possible and to have hope.
        Yep if you look at Fallout: Miami, which is a huge fan made mod, you understand how faster it is to make a game once most of the base is laid out.
            > Fallout: Miami

Finally bikini armor finds its true home.
            ... wait, what? Miami??
                Fanmade mod.
                 Buenvenidoes a Miami! 
                    No, Willard. No. 
        Hopefully they can save some time by not bothering with voice acting for the protagonist too
            Considering Todd made note of how polarizing the voice acting became and how most of the dev time ended up being voicing the main character. I have my beliefs (beliefs at least) that it will follow the 3, or NV type of dialogue.
                Most of the dev time making a video game was spent recording lines for a single character?  I don't buy that.
                    Recording lines for two different characters with different outcomes and reactions. Voice directing takes a ton of time and bear in mind this is Bethesda's first time handling protagonist voice-acting.
                        Is it much more complicated than the previous games?  They already had to think out all of the dialogue branching and record the lines for other npcs.  
                            Assume the main character has 20,000 lines. It then becomes 40,000 in total. Now not every line will take a long time as you'll have grunts and stuff but it will take a long time. 


Its probably akin to a weekly show. Where each episode compares to a mission. 
                    Certainly not most of the dev time but a significant amount of it and money, tens of thousands of lines need to be directed and recorded which means pay for the voice talent, studio time though I assume Bethesda GS has a sound studio. Then audio engineers among others I'm sure.

Plus it sucked in fo4. 
                I have my doubts, Todd seems like he wants to be the next EA or ubisoft. He wants a Action- adventure game over a true RPG. I really hope I'm wrong tho
                    Hopefully Bethesda realizes that people don't want that from a fallout game and do it with a new IP instead
                    Why not both? Action adventure combat and exploration backed by robust rpg elements and compelling, choice driven story. What the classic fans want most seems to be choices in both how your character plays and how the world plays out. Neither of those is incompatible with a more action oriented gameplay style. 
                I honestly disagree. I think that Bethesda will be trying to improve the voiced protagonist system as they clearly starting doing in the Fallout 4 DLCs, and to abandon it would be giving in to whiners. 
                    Whiners is a bit much. There are very real problems with the voiced protagonist deserving of criticism and bringing in a new version of it would hurt other aspects of the development.
            Honestly, I miss my silent protagonist and never could get into my character saying his lines. especially when it always seemed lime he said the opposite of what I clicked or had a weird attitude when saying it. I don't know where bethesda got the whole "it's more immersive" thing from.
                [deleted]
                    Bethesda should really go back to the old Morrowind style for important characters. Just a message that pops up saying "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
                        I totally agree--that was much more immersive and really cool that you could literally do whatever you want.  I remember reading a while back that they changed engines for oblivion/skyrim which allowed characters to wander freely instead of walking complex circuits between a few defined points.  This led to the problem of some NPCs wandering off into the woods and getting killed by wild animals through no fault of the player, which is why they made the choice to switch to the immortal NPC system they have now.
                            That makes it less disappointing to me. I'd be pissed if an essential NPC just wandered off and got himself murdered. Hopefully we can have both someday. It sounds easy to combine the 2 systems, but I know fuck all about computer programming, so it might be a $2 million project. 
                                [deleted]
                        It's been a while since I played Morrowind, but I'm pretty sure that was not the phrasing they used. Something about threads of prophecy being severed, doomed world, yadda yadda yadda. 
                            actually I’m pretty sure “hope you saved recently, motherfucker”is verbatim 
                            It was definitely "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
                                at the very least if it wasn't, i'm fuckin making that mod

but i don't need to, because, obviously, it is
                    Low int NV runs are the best runs.
                        "Are you a maker of war, or peace?"

Pizza.
                I actually really liked it. I found it weird watching other people's videos where their character had MY character's voice
                    I felt exactly the same way, watching other people's Mass Effect videos. "That's not what Shepard looks like!" 
                        My 'Nate' has such distinctive blue eyes, that when I met Shaun and he had them too, I was pretty taken aback.
                    Same here, anytime I saw a video the male character in it just looked wrong. That's not General John Castle, it's an imposter!
                    It's also the biggest thing keeping me from doing a 2nd F4 play through. I've already been through the story of the guy they presented me with in F4. I can still go make a new character in FNV. I'm just starting my... 8th? playthrough of that game. Maybe only 6th.
            https://i.imgur.com/XBR6SlK.gifv
        I just want the fo4 engine on an elder scrolls game, that's all I want. Picturesque graphics, outstanding atmospheric effects and AN AMAZING CASTLE BUILDING MECHANIC 
            I do hope for a nice building system in the next TES game. I know it was disliked by many in fallout 4, and I do think it was overdone and there was to much focus on the settlement system. I felt it took focus from populating the world with more interesting things, however I really would love to build a scenic cottage in numerous areas in skyrim.. 
                I agree. The settlement system was a little in your face, but the base building system was the best of it's kind in any AAA yet [imo].

For ME, Fallout/Elder Scrolls is fun because you get to live in that world, you get to explore it and discover things and meet people and make choices and live your story in this fleshed out world.

But as soon as all that's done and over with [again, for me] there's not much reason left to actively play the game. 

You can play it passively, sure, like re-reading a book, but it's not the same active experience.

The base building changed all of this.

It scratches the same effective itch as building a pillow fort in your living room, it makes me want to hang out in the game more than ever before. 

Honestly, it might be my favorite function in any video game ever [the base building, not particular to fo4- which just took the whole concept to the next level].

Now I'm being nostalgic about Dark Cloud. 
            I thought that was part of what Skyrim special edition was. Ported to the new engine to test the engine features made for an elder Scrolls game
                Was it in the new engine? I thought it was just remastered.
                    Its just remastered. You can't even tell the difference on pc really. 

                        They added in the volumetric lighting from Fallout 4, which is immediately noticeable even on PC with graphical mods.
                        Ok so yeah, that's what I thought. 

Current fo4 engine would look great in elder scrolls. Hopefully, all of this down-time is to make an even better engine for a fantasy setting [which would be hard because fo4 is the best in the series imo]. 
        I doubt its a mobile style game... cause its 60$ for a pre order. If it is Imma riot.
            lol, I just meant that ironically.
        Fallout 3 and nv were released only 2 years apart. It's definitely doable. 76 will release probably right around 3 years from 4.
            O for sure in October. I think that was the big hint in the beginning of the teaser trailer with the date.
        Yeah especially if most of the work was making the engine do multiplayer. The designers, modelers, artists, and writers could have been working on something else that whole time. 
    Why would Nintendo announce a FO3 remaster?
        Switch Port. Similar to how they let Nintendo announce Skyrim for the switch
        A "leaked" document lists Fallout 3 remastered as apart of Nintendo's E3 announcements.
            Ignorant human creature here, would Nintendo announcing F3 Remastered mean it’s only for switch? Or are they just having the honors of announcing it as a whole?
                Probably the latter
                I think it means that it will be going to switch, but there will also be a remaster for console/pc
                    Yeah if anything, it would just be commending Nintendo and Bethesdas growing relationship and Nintendos growing interest in 3rd party support
                    Hopefully if they do that they follow the precedent set by the Skyrim special edition and allow everyone who already has Fallout 3 Game of the Year to upgrade for free
                I think it would just be that have the honor of announcing it similar to the Skyrim remaster, no way they wouldn’t release a remaster for everything else, especially since it could have mod support for Xbox and pc
                I want to belive that will come to all platforms. Fallout 3 need a fix in Win10 urgently
            Wouldn’t put much stock into that document. It lists an F-Zero game and “Yoshi’s Flipping island”. 
    Considering 3 and NV were only 2 years apart, we could get something with a similar amount of quests and depth as Fallout 4. I’m not sure what to expect given 76 and 4 sound like different game styles, but it’s a positive that they’ve had a good time to develop a detailed game.
        3 and New Vegas were made by two completely different teams.
            But NV was still made in 18 months.
                NV was made in 18 months because it used F3 as an extensive scaffold.
                    You mean exactly the way 76 uses 4 as a scaffold?
                    What do you mean? Obsidian probably had to learn how to use the ~~Creation Engine~~ *Gamebryo from scratch, whereas Bethesda has a lot of experience with it and I do believe 76 will use a lot of FO4 aswell.
                        The "meat" of any BGS Creation Engine game is ESM files and scripts. The core game is not the engine, but everything under the data directory. That Obsidian decided to extend the engine to add more FPS mechanics was a decision they made, not a requirement of starting with the FO3 scaffolding.

If amateur modders can get up to speed making mods, then professional Obsidian could get up to speed making a full conversion mod. Which is essentially what New Vegas was. 
                            The FPS mechanics in NV were great. It made the combat very fluid. 
                                And at the same time the NV fans are bitching at Fallout 3 and 4 for trying to be FPS shooters. Go figure.
                        obsidian never used the creation engine, FO3 & FNV are made on gamebryo, same engine as Oblivion
                            Correct, sorry Creation Engine is based on Gamebryo though.
                    Exactly that is what they are saying. You are agreeing with them. 

    [deleted]
It would be pretty cool if they did something along the lines of Dark Souls where you have the option to help/be helped or PVP but only when wanted. 
    Saints Row does this.  It's co-op, but instead of dismissing the invited player(s) at the end of a mission/boss fight, they stick around.  Cutscenes for the core story simply host your character.

I would argue if they did that, it would behoove them to put their customization-in-cutscenes/live cutscenes work to use so all PCs could be part of the cutscenes.  They would stand out from the crowd of many multiplayer co-op games to do this.
Yep, forced multiplayer and Fallout do not mix.
It's still going to be a BGS game, just with coop.  It's not a Rust Clone, just inspired by RUST, Ark, etc. (From Jason's update on the game, clarifying what he meant yesterday)
And balanced well enough that playing alone doesn't mean you have to grind a painful amount just to get anything done.
He also wrote the article, though, that said it's going to be heavily inspired by Rust and Day Z.

Then again, he also wrote "It will have quests and a story, like any other game from Bethesda Game Studios."

Ugh, who knows. It's Fallout, so I'm still optimistic and am willing to give it a chance, but if it does have a PvP emphasis to it, I'm gonna be pretty disappointed.
    He also says [it isnt a Rust/DayZ clone, but something new inspired by those types of games](https://twitter.com/jasonschreier/status/1001968573512855553).
        I hadn't seen that tweet, thanks for providing that.
            Perhaps they have improved upon Survival mode and have made that the base game now? I would be absolutely fine with that.
                Seems reasonable with how much survival mode work was done but didn't make the final cut of the game
                    Survival mode made fallout 4 a completely different (and better, imo) game. It's amazing. Would love a new game built around that 
                        It is strictly all I play now in Fallout 4. Granted, it's hard not to opt for BoS because of the Vertibird perk.
                            If your story can't have consequences, maybe the gameplay can.
                                Right? Nothing like barely crawling into a town with almost zero ammo and getting a random ghoul to the face at the finish line.
                Would work in context as well, 25 years after the bombs fell could imply a shit load of radiation to survive in. Could be way more dangerous in terms of rads than even Fallout 3.
                    Kind of like dead money 24/7...slightly terrifying prospect NGL
        Right so base building and friends can come and visit that base pretty much?

I wonder how a world map would work in that case...
            Possibly 20 person servers? You can all work on the "Main" town, but youre also welcome to go out and work on another.

Any more than 20 and you may start overpopulating the map.

Whether the engine will be able to handle 20 players or more is also up for debate.
                I'm a interested in the concept. We'll see what E3 looks like.
                Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if it ends up being pve coop only with like 4 players max per game because the engine would cause your computer to kill itself on purpose. 
        Yeah he keeps changing his wording or his description of the game, I hold my breath on anything he’s says being the truth this time around, dudes clearly got a grudge for being rightly blacklisted 
            He's trying to cover all of his bases so he can be right no matter what it is. 
                This is how scam artist "Mediums" get away with their bs.
                It's like on those stupid house hunting shows where they want something close to downtown for the commute to work, but also it has to be right next to the beach because they gotta relax.
                    "Craig and Stacia are looking for a two-story A-frame that’s near Craig’s job in the downtown, but also satisfies Stacia’s need to be near the beach which is nowhere near Craig’s job. With three children and nine on the way, and a max budget of $7… let’s see what Lori Jo can do on this week’s episode of _You Don’t Deserve A Beach House._"
                        r/unexpectedmulaney
                I think this is it. So he can maintain that 100% accurate leaker title everyone is running to give him. I’m getting this game for the lore no matter what so if it’s some destiny styled stuff whatever if it’s drop in/out co-op with a greatly expanded settlement system great. I’m here for the world and because it might be near my home state. I’m excited to see what happens at e3 and trying to temper my expectations rather than get pissed over what this guy is saying.
        Interesting, now we have conflicting leaks so one of them is wrong...
    If it requires always online I won't buy it. That's my main concern. The ability to play with friends is nice but not at the cost of losing the ability to really play alone.
        An always online component won't necessarily nix a sale for me. If it's something along the lines of being able to see people's settlements or something like that where you don't actually need to have other *players* in your game, I'd be ok with it. I'm just worried there will be no way to prevent my world from being overrun with other PCs.
        There won't be. I'm not 100&#37; sure on Rust but with Ark \(which is pretty much Rust but with dinosaurs\), you can play by completely by yourself or with friends. You can join empty servers or you can host your own.
            Rust is all online. Player interaction is the name of the game.
                Well techincally, Rust is the name of the game.
            Uh... 

>You can join empty servers or you can host your own.

That's always online. Playing multiplayer by yourself doesn't make it offline all of a sudden. 
            Can you play either of those games with no internet connection though?
                You can with Ark, when you host your own game on your console. Don't know about Rust, though. 

Bethesda is the single player king, though. There's no way they would release a game without that. 
    Why do I get the feeling that this will be all about base building in persistent servers and that the base designing feature in FO4 was the prototype for what we are getting?
        That's an interesting question. I was basically thinking that they were just blown away by how much people loved the settlement building and decided to incorporate that into future games, but you could well be spot on with thinking it was more of a testing ground for future releases.
    I mean minecraft has a quest and a story, technically. it really doesn't mean anything until we know the details
        Achievements aren't necessarily quests. There is no story in Minecraft unless the player brings one with him. 
            I would have to disagree, the quest is to get to The End and Beat the Ender Dragon, that’s how the credits roll
                Yeah, the credits end there, but there is no narrative story anywhere in the game. A huge number of player, perhaps even most of them, never bother with that and just go off and build stuff. It's a pure sandbox game, and people play it as a sandbox.

If there is a story narrative, it's because the player brings it in with them.
    I'm pretty sure there will be no Rust or DayZ-like agressive PVP in it. Or more likely, at all. Coop resource gathering and questing and settlement building, yes. A troll-heaven game is just not Bethesda's style at all.
        I mean, isn't it still running on the same engine as Fallout 4? If so there's no way it can support multiplayer beyond some basic coop (I hope).
            Yup. Probably they beefed it up a bit, but a 100 (or even 16) player capability is still unlikely. Maybe a Destiny-style hub with a max 3-4 people strike team?
        >  Coop resource gathering and questing and settlement building, yes.

If this is it, then I am fully on board with it. I would love this.
        Fucking gross. They are running the franchise into the ground. 
    PVP would go against the ideals of a fallout game because the mechanics aren't set up for fast paced combat. 

The fact that you can stop the battle and think shows that it's a mix of turn based combat and modern fps.
        That's a very valid point.
        I played through a good bit of 4 without using vats, fast paced combat is completely viable 
    The devs from Battlecry are working on 76 and im pretty sure that game was PvP, which is a worrying sign for sure
        Exactly. I'm not holding my breath. And considering the trends in both TES and Fallout on the RPG things, and ESO, I'm pretty sure I want nothing to do with this game. 

If there is any "always online," any chance of random shitheads in my game, or a PvP element that messes with the single player game then that's an easy "hell no"
    I could see PvP possibly being an aspect but I doubt very highly that will be the emphasis
    Basically he's covered all the bases. Whatever the game is he can say he was right
    He also doesn't fucking know because Bethesda has not shown him a goddamn thing.
    ESO but with a fallout 'skin'
    Am I missing something here? Isn't that guy just a journalist? How does he know what the game is? Is he on the inside or something?
        Well there's the rub.

He's one of the editors at Kotaku.

The problem is, it's my understanding that Bethesda has essentially blackballed Kotaku from any inside scoops, or something like that. He's claiming, though, that he's spoken to three sources that have access to Fallout 76 that have been leaking information to him.

So, in all honesty/reality, we have no clue. He's also been backtracking and making statements that may conflict with each other, so people are thinking he might also be trying to cover all his bases by throwing out a few theories and seeing what sticks.
    I figured it would be something like that given how Fallout is so close those games already.
    I bet it’s going to be like ESO but for Fallout
    Honestly, anything less than fallout 4.5 and I'm going to be disappointed. There is a chance this could be that "bleeding edge mobile game" they were talking about, but they wouldn't give it a trailer like that, would they.. 

        I will shit my pants in anger if that's the case.

I have two trains of thought on that, though.

1, it's entirely possible they're doing something radically different, a la Rust/Day Z/PvP survival. They're a business driven by profit and they may, based on marketing research, have concluded that the single player RPG market is no longer profitable (I think that's bullshit, btw).

However, my predominant thought is 2, Fallout has such a huge core fanbase that's predicated on a story-driven, single player RPG. This is what people have come to know and love, and if they stray TOO far from it, they're basically going to lose a lot of money.

Where they're heading now, I'm not sure. I could see them simply doing a single player campaign with optional co-op, which I'd be fine with. If they're doing a more online component, I wouldn't mind seeing a co-op, more PvE style game in which everyone's working to gather resources and joining together to do missions and complete their individual objectives.
            I mean, I'm fine with them experimenting, it's not like Fallout games can only be one genre. I for one would love a Fallout RTS a la Company of Heroes.
Who is this guy and why are the things he says about Fallout credible??
    He's well known for his sources in the industry, hes preemptively announced a ton of games, unfortunately, he is really reliable
        well I HATE him >:(
well nothing is *for sure* but i would imagine it’s a rust style game with a private server function where you can play alone.
    Personally I highly doubt that, I think it will have a single player with multiplayer elements and on the side a full on multiplayer. 
        The Dark Souls of fallout games?  
  
But for real, Supplemental online functionality akin to Dark Souls Invasions, Borderlands Style drop in/drop out coop, or just more in depth creation club sharing options, are all positives to me. An exclusive multiplayer experience is just... unnecessary.
[deleted]
    Pretty much nobody is making MMOs in the west anymore.

They're just keeping alive those that released years ago


I know he's been reliable in the past, but any and all leaks from non-Bethesda sources should be taken with a grain of salt. He might have insider knowledge but he'd be under an NDA so he'd need extremely vague about what he says.
    While I agree with what you say, he wouldn't be under an NDA, beause it's an insider leaking info to him

However I do agree that he is being intentionally vague to prevent Zenimax from stomping on his ass about it.
    I’m not sure you know what a leak is
Jason is black listed, why are people still listening to him? He knows about as much as we do likely. 
And he said this is coming off of three sources who are familiar with the project. How directly related are they to the project? Maybe they are just Beth workers who aren't working on the game at all? Or they were let go/fired/left and only know bits of the game, and probably got changed. Jason is very limited in what he says, and incoherent IMO. 
    The 4chan leakeeakerd also said he heard it at a holiday party I think, not that he had insider knowledge. He could very easily have misheard or missed put on other details. 
I wouldn't mind having a "server" or "world" w/e for just me and 3 of my other friends. Maybe we'd all have a settlement at a different parts of that map and only discuss what we've seen in game if we happen to meet each other in person at the same time to give it that "exchange of information" feel. Everyone would come in at different times depending on when they want to play.

Or just completely stick together and build one giant settlement...form a gang w/e

Assuming the leaks are real.
    I can finally realise my dream of expanding the Tunnel Snakes empire. All of Virginia will finally know who rules. 
        https://youtu.be/S0ximxe4XtU
        # TUNNEL SNAKES RULE
    [deleted]
        Like Realms for Minecraft?
            Like any dedicated server, really. Minecraft realms are just overpriced servers, but conveniently integrated into the game. But that's probably the idea.
Same here. I don’t want any sort of pvp. Just some optional co-op and nothing more. 
I hope so.  Online play is really the last thing I want from Fallout....
This is how I feel. I LOVE how multiplayer was handled in Dying Light and have long thought that could work well in a Bethesda game (albeit more in line with Elder Scrolls, where you're not faced with many choices). I'd be alright with this system, provided it was more or less "single player" in every other facet.
Lower your expectations and you will always be happy
    [deleted]
The hype train will chug along at walking speed for now
In those terms, I'll either be delighted, or not buy the game...
    But at least if you end up not buying it, you'll have been expecting that from the start
Theres gonna be a remaster, i would almost guarantee it. Hines has even said they've got one more secret left for E3. Perfect timing with FO3 anniversary. Not big enough for 24 hour stream excitement levels though so its gonna wait til day of.
    Are you ready to flame your ass for that prediction?
        Tabasco wager, the new gold standard of self confidence. 
        I'll eat a stack of donated $100 bills if a FO3 remaster isn't dropped at E3
        No, there's no way I could top him, my ass is just fine not on fire! I'll just say I think that it's gonna happen and sound less certain lol
            Ghost pepper sauce is always an option.

If you want to die that is.
    At this point Im more interested in a Fo3 remastered than whatever 76 will be, the information leaked doesn't sound good to me
    I think you're right. (I hope you're right.) It makes too much sense between the tenth anniversary, the cancellation of the FO3 mod for FO4, Erik Todd Dellums reappearing on Twitter after an extended absence. The signs seem to point to yes.
This guy gets it ^^
    I know right? ALTHOUGH if it is actually a craft-grind-fest like dayz, rust and the typical early access bullshite OR a battle royale im going to reee so hard. and if they do that especially the second they gonna hear a lot of shit. its gonna be again mass effect andromeda release kind of shit. we'll see. 
        Either way I'm watching live, If it's a good game I'm hyped, if it's a bad game I get to enjoy the live audience reaction
            ah, good old Schadenfreude - delicious. 
Only problem with this is that Jason is usually *really* on point with his leaks.

I hope someone's fucking with Kotaku for their last Beth leak.
    That could very well be the case. It’s easy for a company like Bethesda to have controlled leak with false info. Especially in Jason’s case, who they blacklisted. 
        He'd only be taking this kind of info from a source he trusted
We are probably getting the remaster also knowing Bethesda. And they will probably find a way to sell Skyrim again too. Maybe a Skyrim/FO3 remastered combo.
    Fallout 3 remaster with a free in-game pipboy copy of Skyrim
Until you get the official info it's all rumor and hearsay that could be total bs
It would be funny if Bethesda just trolled Kotaku into the ground by releasing fake leaks. But at this point the outrage is pretty hardcore, I don't think they wanted this to get out of hand just for a joke or for a marketing stunt. I think (sadly) that the rumors are legit... The best we can hope for now is that it's a competent game, maybe just coop, and without microtransactions...
Yup, I'm not believing any rumor about Fallout 76 until E3. But a Fallout remaster isn't yet out of picture. In fact there has been a leak with the Nintendo game list for E3 and Fallout 3 was there. Still I'm not sure the leak is legit.
Never mind all of the role-playing/choices/branching quests that we expect from Fallout. Can any player playing with you affect your game world? What if you're playing a saint and they straight up murder a friendly town while you watch helplessly? 

A game like Fallout can't be multiplayer or it ceases to be like Fallout. It'd instead be something else entirely but with a Fallout skin and vocabulary.
    I mean if they let you decide if you want online or not like in Borderlands i dont see any of that being a problem. You either play solo or with friends that you know won't grief your game.

 I haven't played Rust but even similar games that I've played let you make a solo session so you don't have to deal with people.
        Rust is online only. Ark has an offline mode but Rust does not.
I don't believe it will be, but this is silly.  A Way Out is a perfect example of a game that requires co-op in order to play.  It's called talking to the person/people you play with and planning a time during which you will all play.
    Not everyone has gaming buddies interested in the same types of games as this with the same schedule. It sucks to see the massive decline in single player games or historically single player games become bastardized.  You can play this online multiplayer game solo shouldn't really be considered single player.

I'm not saying it has to be one way or another.  But seeing fallout go that way would really suck.
    I hate online games where you can talk to people. Co-op or not.

I'm deaf. Basically we get excluded cos we want to play in silence and 12 year old morons kick you if you're not constantly chatting shit into a mic.

Just let me play the game
Honestly, from the old look of the Pip boy, I dont think theyre gonna have VATS in the game or Jet, since Byron wouldnt have "invented" it yet. I know there is a huge debate on Jet and when they used it in F4 but I like to think that the containers used for it are just from prewar asthma inhalers and were reused for Jet when it was first made, This way it still makes sense to have a Jet container in the past cut scenes and what not but also be actual Jet later in time. Thats just my take on it though.
    In New Vegas, didn't Jet provide instant AP? Great for an extended VATS firefight.
        Yup, it was +35 AP if memory serves
        Yes, same as in Fallout 3.
        I don't remember for sure. my last play through of nv was a little more than 4 years ago.
    Yeah, it definitely seems too early for a lot of chems.
        Lots of chems existed prewar 
        It's never too early for retcons though. Something to keep in mind on chems, ghouls, mutants, deathclaws, etc. They're fairly iconic to the series, people  will come to expect supermutants in their FO games even if it doesn't make sense given the time/place with regards to the lore(Mariposa, Myron making Jet, etc)


            Most of those actually could exists at that stage though. Deathclaws where made by the government prewar, and super mutants where released on the east coast pretty soon after 
                They could. I know Deathclaws are a government expermiment on chameleons, but I am somewhat skeptical that they should be on the east coast. 

Supermutants should really only be on the west coast at the time of FO76, if made by FEV and The Master.

But I don't really think Bethesda really minds retconning their games to make them simpler and more generic for a wider audience. And while there's nothing inherently wrong with retcons, it still doesn't sit particularly well with me in this scenario. Akin to watering down what makes Fallout neat. But if the game is good, interesting, and still within acceptable bounds of canon then I'll be happy. 
            While mutants shouldn't be around *too* much (though 25 years is enough for a generation or two of many animals), Deathclaws were pre-war experiment and there were plenty of people flash-ghoulified from the bombs.

Supermutants are right out, and I'd hope that even if they include "jet", it'll have a different name as a "pre war drug that is only suspiciously *similar* to Jet"
                Supermutants were actually created before the war in Vault 87, and that's only a few hours drive away from Virginia.
                Jot? 
    Oh yeah, that's true jet hasn't been invented yet. So we can forget about that I guess.
        And super mutants don't exist as the master has just come around in 2105. Same with Deathclaws and everything else related to post war experiments. Plus most experimental vaults are still active
            Well Capital Supermutants came from Vault 87, although I don't remember at what point they escaped and took over. Also deathclaws are pre\-war creations, they either escaped from military bases or released by The Enclave on the East Coast. I know for a fact the Institute hasn't been experimenting with FEV yet, so none of those.
    Vats was in fallout one sort of, the percent hit thing if you right clicked in your weapon became vats later on when first person was possible. It was originally more detailed too with the eye and groin shooting?
Jet could work, but instead of slowing down time it just makes everything you do faster.
    But you seeing the world faster would make everything harder not easier!
        Everything else moves at normal time but you're just faster
Yeah everything else about fallout could work multiplayer (co-op not PVP) but not VATs
I think VATS would work just fine.  Red Dead: Redemption had this effect with "Dead Eye" in multiplayer and it was fine.  For the PC that activated it, they would see time as being slowed and they would paint their targets then activate... not so different from VATS.  For anyone else it just appeared that that player was shooting insanely fast for a sec.  Jet would have the same effect... for however long it lasts you would just appear to be moving faster than everyone else.

EDIT:  Full disclosure, I haven't played this game in almost a decade now so I may have misspoke about the "time slowing" in multiplayer.  Although that's really aside from the point.  To be more clear... my point is that RDR Online still had Dead Eye and the basic mechanics of "select targets and activate" works pretty much the same as VATS.   Dead Eye in multiplayer didn't break RDR Online and VATS would not break a Fallout multiplayer experience.
    Your description doesn't add up.
I'd settle for a Drop-in/out if they insist on some form of multiplayer.
    Like they did with Farcry 5, which is the best coop experience i've had in a long time.  


Feel like playing with me?  cool jump in i'm in the middle of a mission.  Gotta run? ok seeya!
        My only grind about fc5 coop is that if you completed a mission while your friend was the host, you cant skip it in your own
            That's fair.  I ended up essentially playing the game twice because of that. 
    Really, you can have companions in all the Fallouts since 3. Why not have the second player control the companion? Hell, let it be 4 player and have a posse running through the wasteland. All they'd need to do is scale up the enemies.
        This would be so cool to me. I’d love that they do this. But don’t scale up the enemies. I hate bullet sponges - luckily mods can take care of that, but I think it’s better to just add more enemies rather than scale them up
That actually sounds good, was iffy on it before this explanation.
That's my concern as well.  Hub and queue questing for random loot drops isn't something I can stomach for long.
    I don't think that'll be a problem since settlement building seems to be part of it.
        "Settlement building" is synonymous with having no plot and lacking details. I really hope they have good adventures and its not some blank slate for the player to make, thats not a fallout game. 
Yeah, it would be great if they were testing this feature out before making new elder scrolls game. However, I'm a bit worried it's going to be more invasive than drop in/out multiplayer given the current trends in gaming.
Can't wait for fo loot boxes! 
I’m right there with ya bud. But I’ll leave you alone. You did JUST say you want solitude. 
    There's a good man. 
It all comes down to how it's done, if the multiplayer isn't required just an option good. If it is an online game I'll wait and see but I get where you're coming from. I'd tolerate it on a spin off
    If its in there at all, it means we don't get to have mods, which is the heart and soul of any Bethesda game. 
        There could still be mods, we thought we'd never get mods on console either but now we do. Yes not a much as pc I know. All comes down to execution how they do it. I'm putting away my expectations on this one and just waiting to see how it bangs out.
I'd be cool with that, as long as they also keep companions. It'd be nice to have a friend to explore the wasteland with, with enemies that scale accordingly. I just don't want an army of 10 year olds screaming in memes. 
    #DO U KNOW DA WAE TO MEGATON /s
    I'll say it again, because i've ranted at my friends like a 100 times about this, do coop in TES and Fallout and allow drop in/out co-op where they can join if you're in a town or settlement with a follower, they then take over the follower, and you can still lug your gear onto them and you can mark gear they're allowed to use, seamless and still keeps it as a crispy, clean RPG experience
        While this is the best way for it to work for story/ host I've always hated being a drop in player and not having work that I've done in a game matter for my own character. If I was to do a playthrough with a friend I want to be able to continue that by myself whenever with no negative effects. 
        Idk what kind of friend you are but I would not be my friends luggage in a game that we are supposed to play coop lol. Im sure it would be more like Farcry where you keep your companion and a friend can drop in/out. That way you still have your luggage following you around speaking nonsense but your friend is also having a true coop experience with you and progressing their own character for when they get back in their save game. 
            But my friend is luggage that makes great jokes! eitherway, Im a very "muh immersion" kind of person but even Farcry style coop I'd be extremely pleased with, me and my friend have spoke for years now ever since we couch co-opped some games and played through skyrim taking turns when I got it earlier than him about how great a beth title with co-op would be
                O I would definitely love a 2 player experience in fallout for sure, but I still want my loot and experience to carry back into my game. also, I wouldn't want my friend running away with all my extra grenades and pipe posts lol.
                    I just feel like a 2 player experience with the game built around it (with the option to choose your basic backstory for co-op or something so that NPCs can acknowledge you rather than pretending you don't exist) like for example obviously in your main game you're the protag, but in a co-op game you're a guard for hire or a vault dweller who offered to help a fellow dweller just something so the immersion isnt entirely shattered if every npc treats you like the same protaganist or doesnt acknowledge you outside of combat encounters at all, guess there's a reason im not a game dev huh
                    Also yeah, fuck that, I'd want a non shared loot system where both players get their own individual loot from the same corpses, can you imagine if they added back in Unique weapons only for your friend to memorize all the good ones and quickly run around ninja looting them ; - ; 
that, I can deal with
This would be ideal and probably make an overall better game. 
What about the three RPG bars you choose to increase when you level up? Or "Choose your RPG perk" leveling system?

I hate to say it, but with every new game I'm liking their products less and less. All the way back to definitely Morrowind, maybe Daggerfall. They add something great and take two great aspects away. It's sad :/
    "Skills? What?! Skills are for nerds! Just mash it all into the perks! Nobody likes to keep track of *numbers*!"
        This crushed me. I could stomach everything else but the character build is what makes it so awesome and unique. 
            Agreed! Skills give me the option to make one character unique from another. Mashing everything into perks both removes the unique character creation AND waters down perks with a bunch of nonsense like damage boosts and other stat changes that were previously tied to skills.
    I think that NV had the RPG element almost perfect, or as close as I've ever experienced in a modern game. However, I never played Morrowind or Daggerfall and started with FO3.
        I definitely agree, but NV is an exception, really. Developed by Obsidian, with a lot of people who really understood RPGs and the Fallout universe. It's easily my favourite Fallout. Fallout 2 is close or tied; it's hard to compare such drastically different game styles though. 
I want your marriage
    I'll settle for being adopted.  
  

    Kill the husband
I know how you feel. I've been waiting for the fonv coop mod to get workable for ages 
> character art director on instagram said it won't be


Hey, Butcher Pete is an honest man.
    If only he cared a bit more about whose meat he was chopping..
        He loooooves that meat
    No he ain't, thats Butcher Phil. Butcher pete is a real piece of work.
Fallout was always isometric, until it wasn't. 

Not saying I want online-only or w/e, but I think its healthy to keep an open mind. 
[deleted]
What about rust clone? The timeline is right. The Fallout Battle Royale spinoff won't be done for a few years yet. 
I think you're on the money but we'll have to wait.

Even if this wasn't a heavy feature of the game - you'd still find it notable right? Methinks that's what Jason paid attention to when he saw the leak.
New Vegas didn't share the "Fallout #" scheme, was technically a side story, and was still an amazing and immersive single player RPG
And don't forget who is developing it... Former Battlecry Studios
I agree with you, online/multiplayer = more money and they know this. Any online component will surely have lootboxes/microtransactions attached to it. Every dev studio is looking at the piles of money those types of games bring in and salivating, it's no wonder so many are adopting that monetization style. 
> I'm sure Bethesda will make a fun game regardless. Just don't hold your breath, I'd brace for disappointment.

There's a ton fun games, the problem is there's only one Fallout franchise that we want to play and they'll give us fun but not Fallout game. I can play Rust, Fortnite and what else right now if I want.
    Agreed, I feel the same way. I just didn't want to come out and directly say I don't want this shit, I like fallout because it's fallout a single player rpg. I don't want them to just use the franchise as way to get people invested in their corporate grab at what is currently trending right now.
Why not just have actual open world Co op like the saints row games did for instance?

Or even something like SWTOR where the party completes the story at the same time. Minus the MMO aspect the story stuff was pretty strong in swtor
Haven't played DL - but from my understanding Divinity 2 did multiplayer RPG very well, and of course there is how Borderlands does multiplayer. 

Borderlands without multiplayer would be half the game, imho. 
I’m hoping it doesn’t have the annoying feature of your progress doesn’t get saved if you’re the one joining. I haven’t been able to understand that one yet
Sounds like you want a game thats not fallout 
    What about that isn't Fallout? It's everything you'd normally do but with a friend.
        It isn't Fallout because a deep singleplayer experience with a lone deus ex machina-style protagonist has always defined the series. Think about the names of the protagonists: "Chosen One," "Lone Wanderer," and "Sole Survivor" all connote *one* person discovering and transforming their world.

With all that said, I don't necessarily disagree with OP - a co-op Fallout experience could be great fun, and it's awesome that there can still be innovation and experimentation within the series - provided that the multiplayer doesn't come at the *expense* of singleplayer, and also provided that F76 isn't just a cheap clone of some other game.

            The series is constantly being redefined though. It was few 2D isometrics once, then it was a couple of 3D rpgs (People on NMA said: "This isn't Fallout this is bullshit!"), followed by a more action/craft orientated iteration ("RPG elements only? Not Fallout") and now we've allegedly got one that experiments with a multiplayer aspect of some kind. Every single time the games try to evolve and explore the potential of the franchise everyone says "not a true Fallout!".

Regardless the baseline Fallout experience isn't going anywhere anytime soon so I don't think multiplayer itself warrants trepidation when we're not sure how it's going to be implemented. I'd agree with your overall worries if this was Fallout 5. But Fallout 76? Let's see where they it.


                But with regards to Fallout 4 taking away many of the series' RPG aspects and shifting more into settlement building, I'd say the objections were and still are valid. Most fans, myself included, disliked the shift and hope that the next iteration in the series will revert back to the older approach. Evolution is fine as long as it actually enhances the game, but more recent "evolutions" have been detrimental.

The shift from turn-based to FPS was better because a) the devs properly accommodated older fans by making VATS a core gameplay feature (and, again, I won't mind multiplayer if the devs accommodate older fans with singleplayer), and b) the shift actually made sense since turn-based games work best with multiple-protagonist games like Wasteland, Divinity, and XCOM.
            >Chosen One," "Lone Wanderer," and "Sole Survivor" all connote *one* person discovering and transforming their world.

And hopefully single player is an option too

But I'd be extremely excited to play a full Co op experience of fallout too. There's nothing inherently fallout about being alone, you're called that but then you meet lots of companions and people. In 3 your father survived, in NV you weren't a vault dweller and in 4 the main story focused on you finding your son. (never actually finished the main q in 4)

I'd be up for a co-op experience where 2 people survive the vault or something 
                The companions and NPCs in previous games don't make Fallout any less of a singleplayer experience - even when other characters matter to the story, the lone protagonist is still by far the most important character, and you never actually need companions to thrive in the game. But the concept of the lone protagonist is also important for gameplay's sake, not just the story.

Again, I have nothing against co-op or multiplayer, but if it comes at the expense of singleplayer then that would be a slap in the face to most fans.
        Everything that makes fallout fallout wouldn't be possible with a friend. 
        And when your friends decide to be evil on your good playthrough? Or free the slaves that you were trying to collect to please a settlement leader you need an "in" with? Or simply kill everyone in an important town while you're left watching?

The freedoms afforded players in most Fallout titles would be sources of much grief in a multiplayer environment, I suspect. 
            Your assuming a lot about the gameplay which we don't know yet.
                Aren't you, though? You said a multiplayer experience would be "everything you'd normally do but with a friend," so I listed some things we'd normally do in a Fallout game, and now you object to the assumptions? Can't have it both ways. If my assumptions are too much, then this isn't a "Fallout" game much at all, at least in the traditional AAA-game sense of it. 
                    >Aren't you though?

No, I'm making no assumptions. I based my comment off of this:

>Explore, loot, fight raiders, run away from Deathclaws.

Followed by

>Sounds like you want a game thats not fallout

Anything beyond that is conditional. You could conjure up any number of hypothetical scenarios (which you have) that'd detract from the gameplay of the series but it's not known yet how it'll be handled or what the results will be so the comment about someone wanting a game that's not Fallout is ridiculous until we know more about multiplayer integration.
            I understand your frustration with this and I would agree that this would be an issue in a free roam type of multiplayer.... however, in a controlled CoOp style multiplayer this should not be a problem as the only people allowed to join you are your friends.  Then you and your friends can use chat and make in\-game decisions together.  Otherwise if you have friends that would intentionally wreck your fun by not playing the way you want... you should probably just get some better friends...
            Didn't Divinity:OS 2 just come out, did we all forget? 

Not saying the game would be like that, just saying that it COULD. 
    Am I the only one who remembers when fallout was isometric only? The series has evolved in multiple ways - some good, some bad. 

You don't determine the guidelines that make a game Fallout or not. 
    > a game that's not fallout

So we're just ignoring the fact that 3 was an entirely different game than the first two?
What if you have no friends. People like us exist uno. I want a game all to myself, why do I have to be forced to play against others. 
So you want to play a destiny skinned fallout?
That's all great except it makes the game pointless to anyone whose friends are not into fallout or gaming in general. I don't want my ability to play and enjoy fallout to be limited by my friends' lack of desire to play fallout.
That's not how parenthesis are supposed to be used.
All I want in a Bethesda game at this point is a fucking RPG.
You could initiate vats together and have two people rain hell down on your enemies 
It wouldnt take as long as F4 because they dont have to rebuild an entire game engine this time around. Just new story lines and voice acting plus world building. Weve also seen how easy it is for them to build a new world now as well since when they first showcased settlements they said that they used the same system as they did when building the world. Look at New Vegas, same thing. Its a new game and story but using the same engine that took up most of the development time. Since they also said two studios were working on it, its very much possible that this is an entire new game in the series and not just a one off mobile game. I guess all Im saying is its possible and to have hope.
    Yep if you look at Fallout: Miami, which is a huge fan made mod, you understand how faster it is to make a game once most of the base is laid out.
        > Fallout: Miami

Finally bikini armor finds its true home.
        ... wait, what? Miami??
            Fanmade mod.
             Buenvenidoes a Miami! 
                No, Willard. No. 
    Hopefully they can save some time by not bothering with voice acting for the protagonist too
        Considering Todd made note of how polarizing the voice acting became and how most of the dev time ended up being voicing the main character. I have my beliefs (beliefs at least) that it will follow the 3, or NV type of dialogue.
            Most of the dev time making a video game was spent recording lines for a single character?  I don't buy that.
                Recording lines for two different characters with different outcomes and reactions. Voice directing takes a ton of time and bear in mind this is Bethesda's first time handling protagonist voice-acting.
                    Is it much more complicated than the previous games?  They already had to think out all of the dialogue branching and record the lines for other npcs.  
                        Assume the main character has 20,000 lines. It then becomes 40,000 in total. Now not every line will take a long time as you'll have grunts and stuff but it will take a long time. 


Its probably akin to a weekly show. Where each episode compares to a mission. 
                Certainly not most of the dev time but a significant amount of it and money, tens of thousands of lines need to be directed and recorded which means pay for the voice talent, studio time though I assume Bethesda GS has a sound studio. Then audio engineers among others I'm sure.

Plus it sucked in fo4. 
            I have my doubts, Todd seems like he wants to be the next EA or ubisoft. He wants a Action- adventure game over a true RPG. I really hope I'm wrong tho
                Hopefully Bethesda realizes that people don't want that from a fallout game and do it with a new IP instead
                Why not both? Action adventure combat and exploration backed by robust rpg elements and compelling, choice driven story. What the classic fans want most seems to be choices in both how your character plays and how the world plays out. Neither of those is incompatible with a more action oriented gameplay style. 
            I honestly disagree. I think that Bethesda will be trying to improve the voiced protagonist system as they clearly starting doing in the Fallout 4 DLCs, and to abandon it would be giving in to whiners. 
                Whiners is a bit much. There are very real problems with the voiced protagonist deserving of criticism and bringing in a new version of it would hurt other aspects of the development.
        Honestly, I miss my silent protagonist and never could get into my character saying his lines. especially when it always seemed lime he said the opposite of what I clicked or had a weird attitude when saying it. I don't know where bethesda got the whole "it's more immersive" thing from.
            [deleted]
                Bethesda should really go back to the old Morrowind style for important characters. Just a message that pops up saying "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
                    I totally agree--that was much more immersive and really cool that you could literally do whatever you want.  I remember reading a while back that they changed engines for oblivion/skyrim which allowed characters to wander freely instead of walking complex circuits between a few defined points.  This led to the problem of some NPCs wandering off into the woods and getting killed by wild animals through no fault of the player, which is why they made the choice to switch to the immortal NPC system they have now.
                        That makes it less disappointing to me. I'd be pissed if an essential NPC just wandered off and got himself murdered. Hopefully we can have both someday. It sounds easy to combine the 2 systems, but I know fuck all about computer programming, so it might be a $2 million project. 
                            [deleted]
                    It's been a while since I played Morrowind, but I'm pretty sure that was not the phrasing they used. Something about threads of prophecy being severed, doomed world, yadda yadda yadda. 
                        actually I’m pretty sure “hope you saved recently, motherfucker”is verbatim 
                        It was definitely "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
                            at the very least if it wasn't, i'm fuckin making that mod

but i don't need to, because, obviously, it is
                Low int NV runs are the best runs.
                    "Are you a maker of war, or peace?"

Pizza.
            I actually really liked it. I found it weird watching other people's videos where their character had MY character's voice
                I felt exactly the same way, watching other people's Mass Effect videos. "That's not what Shepard looks like!" 
                    My 'Nate' has such distinctive blue eyes, that when I met Shaun and he had them too, I was pretty taken aback.
                Same here, anytime I saw a video the male character in it just looked wrong. That's not General John Castle, it's an imposter!
                It's also the biggest thing keeping me from doing a 2nd F4 play through. I've already been through the story of the guy they presented me with in F4. I can still go make a new character in FNV. I'm just starting my... 8th? playthrough of that game. Maybe only 6th.
        https://i.imgur.com/XBR6SlK.gifv
    I just want the fo4 engine on an elder scrolls game, that's all I want. Picturesque graphics, outstanding atmospheric effects and AN AMAZING CASTLE BUILDING MECHANIC 
        I do hope for a nice building system in the next TES game. I know it was disliked by many in fallout 4, and I do think it was overdone and there was to much focus on the settlement system. I felt it took focus from populating the world with more interesting things, however I really would love to build a scenic cottage in numerous areas in skyrim.. 
            I agree. The settlement system was a little in your face, but the base building system was the best of it's kind in any AAA yet [imo].

For ME, Fallout/Elder Scrolls is fun because you get to live in that world, you get to explore it and discover things and meet people and make choices and live your story in this fleshed out world.

But as soon as all that's done and over with [again, for me] there's not much reason left to actively play the game. 

You can play it passively, sure, like re-reading a book, but it's not the same active experience.

The base building changed all of this.

It scratches the same effective itch as building a pillow fort in your living room, it makes me want to hang out in the game more than ever before. 

Honestly, it might be my favorite function in any video game ever [the base building, not particular to fo4- which just took the whole concept to the next level].

Now I'm being nostalgic about Dark Cloud. 
        I thought that was part of what Skyrim special edition was. Ported to the new engine to test the engine features made for an elder Scrolls game
            Was it in the new engine? I thought it was just remastered.
                Its just remastered. You can't even tell the difference on pc really. 

                    They added in the volumetric lighting from Fallout 4, which is immediately noticeable even on PC with graphical mods.
                    Ok so yeah, that's what I thought. 

Current fo4 engine would look great in elder scrolls. Hopefully, all of this down-time is to make an even better engine for a fantasy setting [which would be hard because fo4 is the best in the series imo]. 
    I doubt its a mobile style game... cause its 60$ for a pre order. If it is Imma riot.
        lol, I just meant that ironically.
    Fallout 3 and nv were released only 2 years apart. It's definitely doable. 76 will release probably right around 3 years from 4.
        O for sure in October. I think that was the big hint in the beginning of the teaser trailer with the date.
    Yeah especially if most of the work was making the engine do multiplayer. The designers, modelers, artists, and writers could have been working on something else that whole time. 
Why would Nintendo announce a FO3 remaster?
    Switch Port. Similar to how they let Nintendo announce Skyrim for the switch
    A "leaked" document lists Fallout 3 remastered as apart of Nintendo's E3 announcements.
        Ignorant human creature here, would Nintendo announcing F3 Remastered mean it’s only for switch? Or are they just having the honors of announcing it as a whole?
            Probably the latter
            I think it means that it will be going to switch, but there will also be a remaster for console/pc
                Yeah if anything, it would just be commending Nintendo and Bethesdas growing relationship and Nintendos growing interest in 3rd party support
                Hopefully if they do that they follow the precedent set by the Skyrim special edition and allow everyone who already has Fallout 3 Game of the Year to upgrade for free
            I think it would just be that have the honor of announcing it similar to the Skyrim remaster, no way they wouldn’t release a remaster for everything else, especially since it could have mod support for Xbox and pc
            I want to belive that will come to all platforms. Fallout 3 need a fix in Win10 urgently
        Wouldn’t put much stock into that document. It lists an F-Zero game and “Yoshi’s Flipping island”. 
Considering 3 and NV were only 2 years apart, we could get something with a similar amount of quests and depth as Fallout 4. I’m not sure what to expect given 76 and 4 sound like different game styles, but it’s a positive that they’ve had a good time to develop a detailed game.
    3 and New Vegas were made by two completely different teams.
        But NV was still made in 18 months.
            NV was made in 18 months because it used F3 as an extensive scaffold.
                You mean exactly the way 76 uses 4 as a scaffold?
                What do you mean? Obsidian probably had to learn how to use the ~~Creation Engine~~ *Gamebryo from scratch, whereas Bethesda has a lot of experience with it and I do believe 76 will use a lot of FO4 aswell.
                    The "meat" of any BGS Creation Engine game is ESM files and scripts. The core game is not the engine, but everything under the data directory. That Obsidian decided to extend the engine to add more FPS mechanics was a decision they made, not a requirement of starting with the FO3 scaffolding.

If amateur modders can get up to speed making mods, then professional Obsidian could get up to speed making a full conversion mod. Which is essentially what New Vegas was. 
                        The FPS mechanics in NV were great. It made the combat very fluid. 
                            And at the same time the NV fans are bitching at Fallout 3 and 4 for trying to be FPS shooters. Go figure.
                    obsidian never used the creation engine, FO3 & FNV are made on gamebryo, same engine as Oblivion
                        Correct, sorry Creation Engine is based on Gamebryo though.
                Exactly that is what they are saying. You are agreeing with them. 

[deleted]
Saints Row does this.  It's co-op, but instead of dismissing the invited player(s) at the end of a mission/boss fight, they stick around.  Cutscenes for the core story simply host your character.

I would argue if they did that, it would behoove them to put their customization-in-cutscenes/live cutscenes work to use so all PCs could be part of the cutscenes.  They would stand out from the crowd of many multiplayer co-op games to do this.
He also says [it isnt a Rust/DayZ clone, but something new inspired by those types of games](https://twitter.com/jasonschreier/status/1001968573512855553).
    I hadn't seen that tweet, thanks for providing that.
        Perhaps they have improved upon Survival mode and have made that the base game now? I would be absolutely fine with that.
            Seems reasonable with how much survival mode work was done but didn't make the final cut of the game
                Survival mode made fallout 4 a completely different (and better, imo) game. It's amazing. Would love a new game built around that 
                    It is strictly all I play now in Fallout 4. Granted, it's hard not to opt for BoS because of the Vertibird perk.
                        If your story can't have consequences, maybe the gameplay can.
                            Right? Nothing like barely crawling into a town with almost zero ammo and getting a random ghoul to the face at the finish line.
            Would work in context as well, 25 years after the bombs fell could imply a shit load of radiation to survive in. Could be way more dangerous in terms of rads than even Fallout 3.
                Kind of like dead money 24/7...slightly terrifying prospect NGL
    Right so base building and friends can come and visit that base pretty much?

I wonder how a world map would work in that case...
        Possibly 20 person servers? You can all work on the "Main" town, but youre also welcome to go out and work on another.

Any more than 20 and you may start overpopulating the map.

Whether the engine will be able to handle 20 players or more is also up for debate.
            I'm a interested in the concept. We'll see what E3 looks like.
            Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if it ends up being pve coop only with like 4 players max per game because the engine would cause your computer to kill itself on purpose. 
    Yeah he keeps changing his wording or his description of the game, I hold my breath on anything he’s says being the truth this time around, dudes clearly got a grudge for being rightly blacklisted 
        He's trying to cover all of his bases so he can be right no matter what it is. 
            This is how scam artist "Mediums" get away with their bs.
            It's like on those stupid house hunting shows where they want something close to downtown for the commute to work, but also it has to be right next to the beach because they gotta relax.
                "Craig and Stacia are looking for a two-story A-frame that’s near Craig’s job in the downtown, but also satisfies Stacia’s need to be near the beach which is nowhere near Craig’s job. With three children and nine on the way, and a max budget of $7… let’s see what Lori Jo can do on this week’s episode of _You Don’t Deserve A Beach House._"
                    r/unexpectedmulaney
            I think this is it. So he can maintain that 100% accurate leaker title everyone is running to give him. I’m getting this game for the lore no matter what so if it’s some destiny styled stuff whatever if it’s drop in/out co-op with a greatly expanded settlement system great. I’m here for the world and because it might be near my home state. I’m excited to see what happens at e3 and trying to temper my expectations rather than get pissed over what this guy is saying.
    Interesting, now we have conflicting leaks so one of them is wrong...
If it requires always online I won't buy it. That's my main concern. The ability to play with friends is nice but not at the cost of losing the ability to really play alone.
    An always online component won't necessarily nix a sale for me. If it's something along the lines of being able to see people's settlements or something like that where you don't actually need to have other *players* in your game, I'd be ok with it. I'm just worried there will be no way to prevent my world from being overrun with other PCs.
    There won't be. I'm not 100&#37; sure on Rust but with Ark \(which is pretty much Rust but with dinosaurs\), you can play by completely by yourself or with friends. You can join empty servers or you can host your own.
        Rust is all online. Player interaction is the name of the game.
            Well techincally, Rust is the name of the game.
        Uh... 

>You can join empty servers or you can host your own.

That's always online. Playing multiplayer by yourself doesn't make it offline all of a sudden. 
        Can you play either of those games with no internet connection though?
            You can with Ark, when you host your own game on your console. Don't know about Rust, though. 

Bethesda is the single player king, though. There's no way they would release a game without that. 
Why do I get the feeling that this will be all about base building in persistent servers and that the base designing feature in FO4 was the prototype for what we are getting?
    That's an interesting question. I was basically thinking that they were just blown away by how much people loved the settlement building and decided to incorporate that into future games, but you could well be spot on with thinking it was more of a testing ground for future releases.
I mean minecraft has a quest and a story, technically. it really doesn't mean anything until we know the details
    Achievements aren't necessarily quests. There is no story in Minecraft unless the player brings one with him. 
        I would have to disagree, the quest is to get to The End and Beat the Ender Dragon, that’s how the credits roll
            Yeah, the credits end there, but there is no narrative story anywhere in the game. A huge number of player, perhaps even most of them, never bother with that and just go off and build stuff. It's a pure sandbox game, and people play it as a sandbox.

If there is a story narrative, it's because the player brings it in with them.
I'm pretty sure there will be no Rust or DayZ-like agressive PVP in it. Or more likely, at all. Coop resource gathering and questing and settlement building, yes. A troll-heaven game is just not Bethesda's style at all.
    I mean, isn't it still running on the same engine as Fallout 4? If so there's no way it can support multiplayer beyond some basic coop (I hope).
        Yup. Probably they beefed it up a bit, but a 100 (or even 16) player capability is still unlikely. Maybe a Destiny-style hub with a max 3-4 people strike team?
    >  Coop resource gathering and questing and settlement building, yes.

If this is it, then I am fully on board with it. I would love this.
    Fucking gross. They are running the franchise into the ground. 
PVP would go against the ideals of a fallout game because the mechanics aren't set up for fast paced combat. 

The fact that you can stop the battle and think shows that it's a mix of turn based combat and modern fps.
    That's a very valid point.
    I played through a good bit of 4 without using vats, fast paced combat is completely viable 
The devs from Battlecry are working on 76 and im pretty sure that game was PvP, which is a worrying sign for sure
    Exactly. I'm not holding my breath. And considering the trends in both TES and Fallout on the RPG things, and ESO, I'm pretty sure I want nothing to do with this game. 

If there is any "always online," any chance of random shitheads in my game, or a PvP element that messes with the single player game then that's an easy "hell no"
I could see PvP possibly being an aspect but I doubt very highly that will be the emphasis
Basically he's covered all the bases. Whatever the game is he can say he was right
He also doesn't fucking know because Bethesda has not shown him a goddamn thing.
ESO but with a fallout 'skin'
Am I missing something here? Isn't that guy just a journalist? How does he know what the game is? Is he on the inside or something?
    Well there's the rub.

He's one of the editors at Kotaku.

The problem is, it's my understanding that Bethesda has essentially blackballed Kotaku from any inside scoops, or something like that. He's claiming, though, that he's spoken to three sources that have access to Fallout 76 that have been leaking information to him.

So, in all honesty/reality, we have no clue. He's also been backtracking and making statements that may conflict with each other, so people are thinking he might also be trying to cover all his bases by throwing out a few theories and seeing what sticks.
I figured it would be something like that given how Fallout is so close those games already.
I bet it’s going to be like ESO but for Fallout
Honestly, anything less than fallout 4.5 and I'm going to be disappointed. There is a chance this could be that "bleeding edge mobile game" they were talking about, but they wouldn't give it a trailer like that, would they.. 

    I will shit my pants in anger if that's the case.

I have two trains of thought on that, though.

1, it's entirely possible they're doing something radically different, a la Rust/Day Z/PvP survival. They're a business driven by profit and they may, based on marketing research, have concluded that the single player RPG market is no longer profitable (I think that's bullshit, btw).

However, my predominant thought is 2, Fallout has such a huge core fanbase that's predicated on a story-driven, single player RPG. This is what people have come to know and love, and if they stray TOO far from it, they're basically going to lose a lot of money.

Where they're heading now, I'm not sure. I could see them simply doing a single player campaign with optional co-op, which I'd be fine with. If they're doing a more online component, I wouldn't mind seeing a co-op, more PvE style game in which everyone's working to gather resources and joining together to do missions and complete their individual objectives.
        I mean, I'm fine with them experimenting, it's not like Fallout games can only be one genre. I for one would love a Fallout RTS a la Company of Heroes.
He's well known for his sources in the industry, hes preemptively announced a ton of games, unfortunately, he is really reliable
    well I HATE him >:(
Personally I highly doubt that, I think it will have a single player with multiplayer elements and on the side a full on multiplayer. 
    The Dark Souls of fallout games?  
  
But for real, Supplemental online functionality akin to Dark Souls Invasions, Borderlands Style drop in/drop out coop, or just more in depth creation club sharing options, are all positives to me. An exclusive multiplayer experience is just... unnecessary.
Pretty much nobody is making MMOs in the west anymore.

They're just keeping alive those that released years ago


While I agree with what you say, he wouldn't be under an NDA, beause it's an insider leaking info to him

However I do agree that he is being intentionally vague to prevent Zenimax from stomping on his ass about it.
I’m not sure you know what a leak is
The 4chan leakeeakerd also said he heard it at a holiday party I think, not that he had insider knowledge. He could very easily have misheard or missed put on other details. 
I can finally realise my dream of expanding the Tunnel Snakes empire. All of Virginia will finally know who rules. 
    https://youtu.be/S0ximxe4XtU
    # TUNNEL SNAKES RULE
[deleted]
    Like Realms for Minecraft?
        Like any dedicated server, really. Minecraft realms are just overpriced servers, but conveniently integrated into the game. But that's probably the idea.
[deleted]
But at least if you end up not buying it, you'll have been expecting that from the start
Are you ready to flame your ass for that prediction?
    Tabasco wager, the new gold standard of self confidence. 
    I'll eat a stack of donated $100 bills if a FO3 remaster isn't dropped at E3
    No, there's no way I could top him, my ass is just fine not on fire! I'll just say I think that it's gonna happen and sound less certain lol
        Ghost pepper sauce is always an option.

If you want to die that is.
At this point Im more interested in a Fo3 remastered than whatever 76 will be, the information leaked doesn't sound good to me
I think you're right. (I hope you're right.) It makes too much sense between the tenth anniversary, the cancellation of the FO3 mod for FO4, Erik Todd Dellums reappearing on Twitter after an extended absence. The signs seem to point to yes.
I know right? ALTHOUGH if it is actually a craft-grind-fest like dayz, rust and the typical early access bullshite OR a battle royale im going to reee so hard. and if they do that especially the second they gonna hear a lot of shit. its gonna be again mass effect andromeda release kind of shit. we'll see. 
    Either way I'm watching live, If it's a good game I'm hyped, if it's a bad game I get to enjoy the live audience reaction
        ah, good old Schadenfreude - delicious. 
That could very well be the case. It’s easy for a company like Bethesda to have controlled leak with false info. Especially in Jason’s case, who they blacklisted. 
    He'd only be taking this kind of info from a source he trusted
Fallout 3 remaster with a free in-game pipboy copy of Skyrim
I mean if they let you decide if you want online or not like in Borderlands i dont see any of that being a problem. You either play solo or with friends that you know won't grief your game.

 I haven't played Rust but even similar games that I've played let you make a solo session so you don't have to deal with people.
    Rust is online only. Ark has an offline mode but Rust does not.
Not everyone has gaming buddies interested in the same types of games as this with the same schedule. It sucks to see the massive decline in single player games or historically single player games become bastardized.  You can play this online multiplayer game solo shouldn't really be considered single player.

I'm not saying it has to be one way or another.  But seeing fallout go that way would really suck.
I hate online games where you can talk to people. Co-op or not.

I'm deaf. Basically we get excluded cos we want to play in silence and 12 year old morons kick you if you're not constantly chatting shit into a mic.

Just let me play the game
In New Vegas, didn't Jet provide instant AP? Great for an extended VATS firefight.
    Yup, it was +35 AP if memory serves
    Yes, same as in Fallout 3.
    I don't remember for sure. my last play through of nv was a little more than 4 years ago.
Yeah, it definitely seems too early for a lot of chems.
    Lots of chems existed prewar 
    It's never too early for retcons though. Something to keep in mind on chems, ghouls, mutants, deathclaws, etc. They're fairly iconic to the series, people  will come to expect supermutants in their FO games even if it doesn't make sense given the time/place with regards to the lore(Mariposa, Myron making Jet, etc)


        Most of those actually could exists at that stage though. Deathclaws where made by the government prewar, and super mutants where released on the east coast pretty soon after 
            They could. I know Deathclaws are a government expermiment on chameleons, but I am somewhat skeptical that they should be on the east coast. 

Supermutants should really only be on the west coast at the time of FO76, if made by FEV and The Master.

But I don't really think Bethesda really minds retconning their games to make them simpler and more generic for a wider audience. And while there's nothing inherently wrong with retcons, it still doesn't sit particularly well with me in this scenario. Akin to watering down what makes Fallout neat. But if the game is good, interesting, and still within acceptable bounds of canon then I'll be happy. 
        While mutants shouldn't be around *too* much (though 25 years is enough for a generation or two of many animals), Deathclaws were pre-war experiment and there were plenty of people flash-ghoulified from the bombs.

Supermutants are right out, and I'd hope that even if they include "jet", it'll have a different name as a "pre war drug that is only suspiciously *similar* to Jet"
            Supermutants were actually created before the war in Vault 87, and that's only a few hours drive away from Virginia.
            Jot? 
Oh yeah, that's true jet hasn't been invented yet. So we can forget about that I guess.
    And super mutants don't exist as the master has just come around in 2105. Same with Deathclaws and everything else related to post war experiments. Plus most experimental vaults are still active
        Well Capital Supermutants came from Vault 87, although I don't remember at what point they escaped and took over. Also deathclaws are pre\-war creations, they either escaped from military bases or released by The Enclave on the East Coast. I know for a fact the Institute hasn't been experimenting with FEV yet, so none of those.
Vats was in fallout one sort of, the percent hit thing if you right clicked in your weapon became vats later on when first person was possible. It was originally more detailed too with the eye and groin shooting?
But you seeing the world faster would make everything harder not easier!
    Everything else moves at normal time but you're just faster
Your description doesn't add up.
Like they did with Farcry 5, which is the best coop experience i've had in a long time.  


Feel like playing with me?  cool jump in i'm in the middle of a mission.  Gotta run? ok seeya!
    My only grind about fc5 coop is that if you completed a mission while your friend was the host, you cant skip it in your own
        That's fair.  I ended up essentially playing the game twice because of that. 
Really, you can have companions in all the Fallouts since 3. Why not have the second player control the companion? Hell, let it be 4 player and have a posse running through the wasteland. All they'd need to do is scale up the enemies.
    This would be so cool to me. I’d love that they do this. But don’t scale up the enemies. I hate bullet sponges - luckily mods can take care of that, but I think it’s better to just add more enemies rather than scale them up
I don't think that'll be a problem since settlement building seems to be part of it.
    "Settlement building" is synonymous with having no plot and lacking details. I really hope they have good adventures and its not some blank slate for the player to make, thats not a fallout game. 
There's a good man. 
If its in there at all, it means we don't get to have mods, which is the heart and soul of any Bethesda game. 
    There could still be mods, we thought we'd never get mods on console either but now we do. Yes not a much as pc I know. All comes down to execution how they do it. I'm putting away my expectations on this one and just waiting to see how it bangs out.
#DO U KNOW DA WAE TO MEGATON /s
I'll say it again, because i've ranted at my friends like a 100 times about this, do coop in TES and Fallout and allow drop in/out co-op where they can join if you're in a town or settlement with a follower, they then take over the follower, and you can still lug your gear onto them and you can mark gear they're allowed to use, seamless and still keeps it as a crispy, clean RPG experience
    While this is the best way for it to work for story/ host I've always hated being a drop in player and not having work that I've done in a game matter for my own character. If I was to do a playthrough with a friend I want to be able to continue that by myself whenever with no negative effects. 
    Idk what kind of friend you are but I would not be my friends luggage in a game that we are supposed to play coop lol. Im sure it would be more like Farcry where you keep your companion and a friend can drop in/out. That way you still have your luggage following you around speaking nonsense but your friend is also having a true coop experience with you and progressing their own character for when they get back in their save game. 
        But my friend is luggage that makes great jokes! eitherway, Im a very "muh immersion" kind of person but even Farcry style coop I'd be extremely pleased with, me and my friend have spoke for years now ever since we couch co-opped some games and played through skyrim taking turns when I got it earlier than him about how great a beth title with co-op would be
            O I would definitely love a 2 player experience in fallout for sure, but I still want my loot and experience to carry back into my game. also, I wouldn't want my friend running away with all my extra grenades and pipe posts lol.
                I just feel like a 2 player experience with the game built around it (with the option to choose your basic backstory for co-op or something so that NPCs can acknowledge you rather than pretending you don't exist) like for example obviously in your main game you're the protag, but in a co-op game you're a guard for hire or a vault dweller who offered to help a fellow dweller just something so the immersion isnt entirely shattered if every npc treats you like the same protaganist or doesnt acknowledge you outside of combat encounters at all, guess there's a reason im not a game dev huh
                Also yeah, fuck that, I'd want a non shared loot system where both players get their own individual loot from the same corpses, can you imagine if they added back in Unique weapons only for your friend to memorize all the good ones and quickly run around ninja looting them ; - ; 
"Skills? What?! Skills are for nerds! Just mash it all into the perks! Nobody likes to keep track of *numbers*!"
    This crushed me. I could stomach everything else but the character build is what makes it so awesome and unique. 
        Agreed! Skills give me the option to make one character unique from another. Mashing everything into perks both removes the unique character creation AND waters down perks with a bunch of nonsense like damage boosts and other stat changes that were previously tied to skills.
I think that NV had the RPG element almost perfect, or as close as I've ever experienced in a modern game. However, I never played Morrowind or Daggerfall and started with FO3.
    I definitely agree, but NV is an exception, really. Developed by Obsidian, with a lot of people who really understood RPGs and the Fallout universe. It's easily my favourite Fallout. Fallout 2 is close or tied; it's hard to compare such drastically different game styles though. 
I'll settle for being adopted.  
  

Kill the husband
If only he cared a bit more about whose meat he was chopping..
    He loooooves that meat
No he ain't, thats Butcher Phil. Butcher pete is a real piece of work.
Agreed, I feel the same way. I just didn't want to come out and directly say I don't want this shit, I like fallout because it's fallout a single player rpg. I don't want them to just use the franchise as way to get people invested in their corporate grab at what is currently trending right now.
What about that isn't Fallout? It's everything you'd normally do but with a friend.
    It isn't Fallout because a deep singleplayer experience with a lone deus ex machina-style protagonist has always defined the series. Think about the names of the protagonists: "Chosen One," "Lone Wanderer," and "Sole Survivor" all connote *one* person discovering and transforming their world.

With all that said, I don't necessarily disagree with OP - a co-op Fallout experience could be great fun, and it's awesome that there can still be innovation and experimentation within the series - provided that the multiplayer doesn't come at the *expense* of singleplayer, and also provided that F76 isn't just a cheap clone of some other game.

        The series is constantly being redefined though. It was few 2D isometrics once, then it was a couple of 3D rpgs (People on NMA said: "This isn't Fallout this is bullshit!"), followed by a more action/craft orientated iteration ("RPG elements only? Not Fallout") and now we've allegedly got one that experiments with a multiplayer aspect of some kind. Every single time the games try to evolve and explore the potential of the franchise everyone says "not a true Fallout!".

Regardless the baseline Fallout experience isn't going anywhere anytime soon so I don't think multiplayer itself warrants trepidation when we're not sure how it's going to be implemented. I'd agree with your overall worries if this was Fallout 5. But Fallout 76? Let's see where they it.


            But with regards to Fallout 4 taking away many of the series' RPG aspects and shifting more into settlement building, I'd say the objections were and still are valid. Most fans, myself included, disliked the shift and hope that the next iteration in the series will revert back to the older approach. Evolution is fine as long as it actually enhances the game, but more recent "evolutions" have been detrimental.

The shift from turn-based to FPS was better because a) the devs properly accommodated older fans by making VATS a core gameplay feature (and, again, I won't mind multiplayer if the devs accommodate older fans with singleplayer), and b) the shift actually made sense since turn-based games work best with multiple-protagonist games like Wasteland, Divinity, and XCOM.
        >Chosen One," "Lone Wanderer," and "Sole Survivor" all connote *one* person discovering and transforming their world.

And hopefully single player is an option too

But I'd be extremely excited to play a full Co op experience of fallout too. There's nothing inherently fallout about being alone, you're called that but then you meet lots of companions and people. In 3 your father survived, in NV you weren't a vault dweller and in 4 the main story focused on you finding your son. (never actually finished the main q in 4)

I'd be up for a co-op experience where 2 people survive the vault or something 
            The companions and NPCs in previous games don't make Fallout any less of a singleplayer experience - even when other characters matter to the story, the lone protagonist is still by far the most important character, and you never actually need companions to thrive in the game. But the concept of the lone protagonist is also important for gameplay's sake, not just the story.

Again, I have nothing against co-op or multiplayer, but if it comes at the expense of singleplayer then that would be a slap in the face to most fans.
    Everything that makes fallout fallout wouldn't be possible with a friend. 
    And when your friends decide to be evil on your good playthrough? Or free the slaves that you were trying to collect to please a settlement leader you need an "in" with? Or simply kill everyone in an important town while you're left watching?

The freedoms afforded players in most Fallout titles would be sources of much grief in a multiplayer environment, I suspect. 
        Your assuming a lot about the gameplay which we don't know yet.
            Aren't you, though? You said a multiplayer experience would be "everything you'd normally do but with a friend," so I listed some things we'd normally do in a Fallout game, and now you object to the assumptions? Can't have it both ways. If my assumptions are too much, then this isn't a "Fallout" game much at all, at least in the traditional AAA-game sense of it. 
                >Aren't you though?

No, I'm making no assumptions. I based my comment off of this:

>Explore, loot, fight raiders, run away from Deathclaws.

Followed by

>Sounds like you want a game thats not fallout

Anything beyond that is conditional. You could conjure up any number of hypothetical scenarios (which you have) that'd detract from the gameplay of the series but it's not known yet how it'll be handled or what the results will be so the comment about someone wanting a game that's not Fallout is ridiculous until we know more about multiplayer integration.
        I understand your frustration with this and I would agree that this would be an issue in a free roam type of multiplayer.... however, in a controlled CoOp style multiplayer this should not be a problem as the only people allowed to join you are your friends.  Then you and your friends can use chat and make in\-game decisions together.  Otherwise if you have friends that would intentionally wreck your fun by not playing the way you want... you should probably just get some better friends...
        Didn't Divinity:OS 2 just come out, did we all forget? 

Not saying the game would be like that, just saying that it COULD. 
Am I the only one who remembers when fallout was isometric only? The series has evolved in multiple ways - some good, some bad. 

You don't determine the guidelines that make a game Fallout or not. 
> a game that's not fallout

So we're just ignoring the fact that 3 was an entirely different game than the first two?
Yep if you look at Fallout: Miami, which is a huge fan made mod, you understand how faster it is to make a game once most of the base is laid out.
    > Fallout: Miami

Finally bikini armor finds its true home.
    ... wait, what? Miami??
        Fanmade mod.
         Buenvenidoes a Miami! 
            No, Willard. No. 
Hopefully they can save some time by not bothering with voice acting for the protagonist too
    Considering Todd made note of how polarizing the voice acting became and how most of the dev time ended up being voicing the main character. I have my beliefs (beliefs at least) that it will follow the 3, or NV type of dialogue.
        Most of the dev time making a video game was spent recording lines for a single character?  I don't buy that.
            Recording lines for two different characters with different outcomes and reactions. Voice directing takes a ton of time and bear in mind this is Bethesda's first time handling protagonist voice-acting.
                Is it much more complicated than the previous games?  They already had to think out all of the dialogue branching and record the lines for other npcs.  
                    Assume the main character has 20,000 lines. It then becomes 40,000 in total. Now not every line will take a long time as you'll have grunts and stuff but it will take a long time. 


Its probably akin to a weekly show. Where each episode compares to a mission. 
            Certainly not most of the dev time but a significant amount of it and money, tens of thousands of lines need to be directed and recorded which means pay for the voice talent, studio time though I assume Bethesda GS has a sound studio. Then audio engineers among others I'm sure.

Plus it sucked in fo4. 
        I have my doubts, Todd seems like he wants to be the next EA or ubisoft. He wants a Action- adventure game over a true RPG. I really hope I'm wrong tho
            Hopefully Bethesda realizes that people don't want that from a fallout game and do it with a new IP instead
            Why not both? Action adventure combat and exploration backed by robust rpg elements and compelling, choice driven story. What the classic fans want most seems to be choices in both how your character plays and how the world plays out. Neither of those is incompatible with a more action oriented gameplay style. 
        I honestly disagree. I think that Bethesda will be trying to improve the voiced protagonist system as they clearly starting doing in the Fallout 4 DLCs, and to abandon it would be giving in to whiners. 
            Whiners is a bit much. There are very real problems with the voiced protagonist deserving of criticism and bringing in a new version of it would hurt other aspects of the development.
    Honestly, I miss my silent protagonist and never could get into my character saying his lines. especially when it always seemed lime he said the opposite of what I clicked or had a weird attitude when saying it. I don't know where bethesda got the whole "it's more immersive" thing from.
        [deleted]
            Bethesda should really go back to the old Morrowind style for important characters. Just a message that pops up saying "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
                I totally agree--that was much more immersive and really cool that you could literally do whatever you want.  I remember reading a while back that they changed engines for oblivion/skyrim which allowed characters to wander freely instead of walking complex circuits between a few defined points.  This led to the problem of some NPCs wandering off into the woods and getting killed by wild animals through no fault of the player, which is why they made the choice to switch to the immortal NPC system they have now.
                    That makes it less disappointing to me. I'd be pissed if an essential NPC just wandered off and got himself murdered. Hopefully we can have both someday. It sounds easy to combine the 2 systems, but I know fuck all about computer programming, so it might be a $2 million project. 
                        [deleted]
                It's been a while since I played Morrowind, but I'm pretty sure that was not the phrasing they used. Something about threads of prophecy being severed, doomed world, yadda yadda yadda. 
                    actually I’m pretty sure “hope you saved recently, motherfucker”is verbatim 
                    It was definitely "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
                        at the very least if it wasn't, i'm fuckin making that mod

but i don't need to, because, obviously, it is
            Low int NV runs are the best runs.
                "Are you a maker of war, or peace?"

Pizza.
        I actually really liked it. I found it weird watching other people's videos where their character had MY character's voice
            I felt exactly the same way, watching other people's Mass Effect videos. "That's not what Shepard looks like!" 
                My 'Nate' has such distinctive blue eyes, that when I met Shaun and he had them too, I was pretty taken aback.
            Same here, anytime I saw a video the male character in it just looked wrong. That's not General John Castle, it's an imposter!
            It's also the biggest thing keeping me from doing a 2nd F4 play through. I've already been through the story of the guy they presented me with in F4. I can still go make a new character in FNV. I'm just starting my... 8th? playthrough of that game. Maybe only 6th.
    https://i.imgur.com/XBR6SlK.gifv
I just want the fo4 engine on an elder scrolls game, that's all I want. Picturesque graphics, outstanding atmospheric effects and AN AMAZING CASTLE BUILDING MECHANIC 
    I do hope for a nice building system in the next TES game. I know it was disliked by many in fallout 4, and I do think it was overdone and there was to much focus on the settlement system. I felt it took focus from populating the world with more interesting things, however I really would love to build a scenic cottage in numerous areas in skyrim.. 
        I agree. The settlement system was a little in your face, but the base building system was the best of it's kind in any AAA yet [imo].

For ME, Fallout/Elder Scrolls is fun because you get to live in that world, you get to explore it and discover things and meet people and make choices and live your story in this fleshed out world.

But as soon as all that's done and over with [again, for me] there's not much reason left to actively play the game. 

You can play it passively, sure, like re-reading a book, but it's not the same active experience.

The base building changed all of this.

It scratches the same effective itch as building a pillow fort in your living room, it makes me want to hang out in the game more than ever before. 

Honestly, it might be my favorite function in any video game ever [the base building, not particular to fo4- which just took the whole concept to the next level].

Now I'm being nostalgic about Dark Cloud. 
    I thought that was part of what Skyrim special edition was. Ported to the new engine to test the engine features made for an elder Scrolls game
        Was it in the new engine? I thought it was just remastered.
            Its just remastered. You can't even tell the difference on pc really. 

                They added in the volumetric lighting from Fallout 4, which is immediately noticeable even on PC with graphical mods.
                Ok so yeah, that's what I thought. 

Current fo4 engine would look great in elder scrolls. Hopefully, all of this down-time is to make an even better engine for a fantasy setting [which would be hard because fo4 is the best in the series imo]. 
I doubt its a mobile style game... cause its 60$ for a pre order. If it is Imma riot.
    lol, I just meant that ironically.
Fallout 3 and nv were released only 2 years apart. It's definitely doable. 76 will release probably right around 3 years from 4.
    O for sure in October. I think that was the big hint in the beginning of the teaser trailer with the date.
Yeah especially if most of the work was making the engine do multiplayer. The designers, modelers, artists, and writers could have been working on something else that whole time. 
Switch Port. Similar to how they let Nintendo announce Skyrim for the switch
A "leaked" document lists Fallout 3 remastered as apart of Nintendo's E3 announcements.
    Ignorant human creature here, would Nintendo announcing F3 Remastered mean it’s only for switch? Or are they just having the honors of announcing it as a whole?
        Probably the latter
        I think it means that it will be going to switch, but there will also be a remaster for console/pc
            Yeah if anything, it would just be commending Nintendo and Bethesdas growing relationship and Nintendos growing interest in 3rd party support
            Hopefully if they do that they follow the precedent set by the Skyrim special edition and allow everyone who already has Fallout 3 Game of the Year to upgrade for free
        I think it would just be that have the honor of announcing it similar to the Skyrim remaster, no way they wouldn’t release a remaster for everything else, especially since it could have mod support for Xbox and pc
        I want to belive that will come to all platforms. Fallout 3 need a fix in Win10 urgently
    Wouldn’t put much stock into that document. It lists an F-Zero game and “Yoshi’s Flipping island”. 
3 and New Vegas were made by two completely different teams.
    But NV was still made in 18 months.
        NV was made in 18 months because it used F3 as an extensive scaffold.
            You mean exactly the way 76 uses 4 as a scaffold?
            What do you mean? Obsidian probably had to learn how to use the ~~Creation Engine~~ *Gamebryo from scratch, whereas Bethesda has a lot of experience with it and I do believe 76 will use a lot of FO4 aswell.
                The "meat" of any BGS Creation Engine game is ESM files and scripts. The core game is not the engine, but everything under the data directory. That Obsidian decided to extend the engine to add more FPS mechanics was a decision they made, not a requirement of starting with the FO3 scaffolding.

If amateur modders can get up to speed making mods, then professional Obsidian could get up to speed making a full conversion mod. Which is essentially what New Vegas was. 
                    The FPS mechanics in NV were great. It made the combat very fluid. 
                        And at the same time the NV fans are bitching at Fallout 3 and 4 for trying to be FPS shooters. Go figure.
                obsidian never used the creation engine, FO3 & FNV are made on gamebryo, same engine as Oblivion
                    Correct, sorry Creation Engine is based on Gamebryo though.
            Exactly that is what they are saying. You are agreeing with them. 

I hadn't seen that tweet, thanks for providing that.
    Perhaps they have improved upon Survival mode and have made that the base game now? I would be absolutely fine with that.
        Seems reasonable with how much survival mode work was done but didn't make the final cut of the game
            Survival mode made fallout 4 a completely different (and better, imo) game. It's amazing. Would love a new game built around that 
                It is strictly all I play now in Fallout 4. Granted, it's hard not to opt for BoS because of the Vertibird perk.
                    If your story can't have consequences, maybe the gameplay can.
                        Right? Nothing like barely crawling into a town with almost zero ammo and getting a random ghoul to the face at the finish line.
        Would work in context as well, 25 years after the bombs fell could imply a shit load of radiation to survive in. Could be way more dangerous in terms of rads than even Fallout 3.
            Kind of like dead money 24/7...slightly terrifying prospect NGL
Right so base building and friends can come and visit that base pretty much?

I wonder how a world map would work in that case...
    Possibly 20 person servers? You can all work on the "Main" town, but youre also welcome to go out and work on another.

Any more than 20 and you may start overpopulating the map.

Whether the engine will be able to handle 20 players or more is also up for debate.
        I'm a interested in the concept. We'll see what E3 looks like.
        Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if it ends up being pve coop only with like 4 players max per game because the engine would cause your computer to kill itself on purpose. 
Yeah he keeps changing his wording or his description of the game, I hold my breath on anything he’s says being the truth this time around, dudes clearly got a grudge for being rightly blacklisted 
    He's trying to cover all of his bases so he can be right no matter what it is. 
        This is how scam artist "Mediums" get away with their bs.
        It's like on those stupid house hunting shows where they want something close to downtown for the commute to work, but also it has to be right next to the beach because they gotta relax.
            "Craig and Stacia are looking for a two-story A-frame that’s near Craig’s job in the downtown, but also satisfies Stacia’s need to be near the beach which is nowhere near Craig’s job. With three children and nine on the way, and a max budget of $7… let’s see what Lori Jo can do on this week’s episode of _You Don’t Deserve A Beach House._"
                r/unexpectedmulaney
        I think this is it. So he can maintain that 100% accurate leaker title everyone is running to give him. I’m getting this game for the lore no matter what so if it’s some destiny styled stuff whatever if it’s drop in/out co-op with a greatly expanded settlement system great. I’m here for the world and because it might be near my home state. I’m excited to see what happens at e3 and trying to temper my expectations rather than get pissed over what this guy is saying.
Interesting, now we have conflicting leaks so one of them is wrong...
An always online component won't necessarily nix a sale for me. If it's something along the lines of being able to see people's settlements or something like that where you don't actually need to have other *players* in your game, I'd be ok with it. I'm just worried there will be no way to prevent my world from being overrun with other PCs.
There won't be. I'm not 100&#37; sure on Rust but with Ark \(which is pretty much Rust but with dinosaurs\), you can play by completely by yourself or with friends. You can join empty servers or you can host your own.
    Rust is all online. Player interaction is the name of the game.
        Well techincally, Rust is the name of the game.
    Uh... 

>You can join empty servers or you can host your own.

That's always online. Playing multiplayer by yourself doesn't make it offline all of a sudden. 
    Can you play either of those games with no internet connection though?
        You can with Ark, when you host your own game on your console. Don't know about Rust, though. 

Bethesda is the single player king, though. There's no way they would release a game without that. 
That's an interesting question. I was basically thinking that they were just blown away by how much people loved the settlement building and decided to incorporate that into future games, but you could well be spot on with thinking it was more of a testing ground for future releases.
Achievements aren't necessarily quests. There is no story in Minecraft unless the player brings one with him. 
    I would have to disagree, the quest is to get to The End and Beat the Ender Dragon, that’s how the credits roll
        Yeah, the credits end there, but there is no narrative story anywhere in the game. A huge number of player, perhaps even most of them, never bother with that and just go off and build stuff. It's a pure sandbox game, and people play it as a sandbox.

If there is a story narrative, it's because the player brings it in with them.
I mean, isn't it still running on the same engine as Fallout 4? If so there's no way it can support multiplayer beyond some basic coop (I hope).
    Yup. Probably they beefed it up a bit, but a 100 (or even 16) player capability is still unlikely. Maybe a Destiny-style hub with a max 3-4 people strike team?
>  Coop resource gathering and questing and settlement building, yes.

If this is it, then I am fully on board with it. I would love this.
Fucking gross. They are running the franchise into the ground. 
That's a very valid point.
I played through a good bit of 4 without using vats, fast paced combat is completely viable 
Exactly. I'm not holding my breath. And considering the trends in both TES and Fallout on the RPG things, and ESO, I'm pretty sure I want nothing to do with this game. 

If there is any "always online," any chance of random shitheads in my game, or a PvP element that messes with the single player game then that's an easy "hell no"
Well there's the rub.

He's one of the editors at Kotaku.

The problem is, it's my understanding that Bethesda has essentially blackballed Kotaku from any inside scoops, or something like that. He's claiming, though, that he's spoken to three sources that have access to Fallout 76 that have been leaking information to him.

So, in all honesty/reality, we have no clue. He's also been backtracking and making statements that may conflict with each other, so people are thinking he might also be trying to cover all his bases by throwing out a few theories and seeing what sticks.
I will shit my pants in anger if that's the case.

I have two trains of thought on that, though.

1, it's entirely possible they're doing something radically different, a la Rust/Day Z/PvP survival. They're a business driven by profit and they may, based on marketing research, have concluded that the single player RPG market is no longer profitable (I think that's bullshit, btw).

However, my predominant thought is 2, Fallout has such a huge core fanbase that's predicated on a story-driven, single player RPG. This is what people have come to know and love, and if they stray TOO far from it, they're basically going to lose a lot of money.

Where they're heading now, I'm not sure. I could see them simply doing a single player campaign with optional co-op, which I'd be fine with. If they're doing a more online component, I wouldn't mind seeing a co-op, more PvE style game in which everyone's working to gather resources and joining together to do missions and complete their individual objectives.
    I mean, I'm fine with them experimenting, it's not like Fallout games can only be one genre. I for one would love a Fallout RTS a la Company of Heroes.
well I HATE him >:(
The Dark Souls of fallout games?  
  
But for real, Supplemental online functionality akin to Dark Souls Invasions, Borderlands Style drop in/drop out coop, or just more in depth creation club sharing options, are all positives to me. An exclusive multiplayer experience is just... unnecessary.
https://youtu.be/S0ximxe4XtU
# TUNNEL SNAKES RULE
Like Realms for Minecraft?
    Like any dedicated server, really. Minecraft realms are just overpriced servers, but conveniently integrated into the game. But that's probably the idea.
Tabasco wager, the new gold standard of self confidence. 
I'll eat a stack of donated $100 bills if a FO3 remaster isn't dropped at E3
No, there's no way I could top him, my ass is just fine not on fire! I'll just say I think that it's gonna happen and sound less certain lol
    Ghost pepper sauce is always an option.

If you want to die that is.
Either way I'm watching live, If it's a good game I'm hyped, if it's a bad game I get to enjoy the live audience reaction
    ah, good old Schadenfreude - delicious. 
He'd only be taking this kind of info from a source he trusted
Rust is online only. Ark has an offline mode but Rust does not.
Yup, it was +35 AP if memory serves
Yes, same as in Fallout 3.
I don't remember for sure. my last play through of nv was a little more than 4 years ago.
Lots of chems existed prewar 
It's never too early for retcons though. Something to keep in mind on chems, ghouls, mutants, deathclaws, etc. They're fairly iconic to the series, people  will come to expect supermutants in their FO games even if it doesn't make sense given the time/place with regards to the lore(Mariposa, Myron making Jet, etc)


    Most of those actually could exists at that stage though. Deathclaws where made by the government prewar, and super mutants where released on the east coast pretty soon after 
        They could. I know Deathclaws are a government expermiment on chameleons, but I am somewhat skeptical that they should be on the east coast. 

Supermutants should really only be on the west coast at the time of FO76, if made by FEV and The Master.

But I don't really think Bethesda really minds retconning their games to make them simpler and more generic for a wider audience. And while there's nothing inherently wrong with retcons, it still doesn't sit particularly well with me in this scenario. Akin to watering down what makes Fallout neat. But if the game is good, interesting, and still within acceptable bounds of canon then I'll be happy. 
    While mutants shouldn't be around *too* much (though 25 years is enough for a generation or two of many animals), Deathclaws were pre-war experiment and there were plenty of people flash-ghoulified from the bombs.

Supermutants are right out, and I'd hope that even if they include "jet", it'll have a different name as a "pre war drug that is only suspiciously *similar* to Jet"
        Supermutants were actually created before the war in Vault 87, and that's only a few hours drive away from Virginia.
        Jot? 
And super mutants don't exist as the master has just come around in 2105. Same with Deathclaws and everything else related to post war experiments. Plus most experimental vaults are still active
    Well Capital Supermutants came from Vault 87, although I don't remember at what point they escaped and took over. Also deathclaws are pre\-war creations, they either escaped from military bases or released by The Enclave on the East Coast. I know for a fact the Institute hasn't been experimenting with FEV yet, so none of those.
Everything else moves at normal time but you're just faster
My only grind about fc5 coop is that if you completed a mission while your friend was the host, you cant skip it in your own
    That's fair.  I ended up essentially playing the game twice because of that. 
This would be so cool to me. I’d love that they do this. But don’t scale up the enemies. I hate bullet sponges - luckily mods can take care of that, but I think it’s better to just add more enemies rather than scale them up
"Settlement building" is synonymous with having no plot and lacking details. I really hope they have good adventures and its not some blank slate for the player to make, thats not a fallout game. 
There could still be mods, we thought we'd never get mods on console either but now we do. Yes not a much as pc I know. All comes down to execution how they do it. I'm putting away my expectations on this one and just waiting to see how it bangs out.
While this is the best way for it to work for story/ host I've always hated being a drop in player and not having work that I've done in a game matter for my own character. If I was to do a playthrough with a friend I want to be able to continue that by myself whenever with no negative effects. 
Idk what kind of friend you are but I would not be my friends luggage in a game that we are supposed to play coop lol. Im sure it would be more like Farcry where you keep your companion and a friend can drop in/out. That way you still have your luggage following you around speaking nonsense but your friend is also having a true coop experience with you and progressing their own character for when they get back in their save game. 
    But my friend is luggage that makes great jokes! eitherway, Im a very "muh immersion" kind of person but even Farcry style coop I'd be extremely pleased with, me and my friend have spoke for years now ever since we couch co-opped some games and played through skyrim taking turns when I got it earlier than him about how great a beth title with co-op would be
        O I would definitely love a 2 player experience in fallout for sure, but I still want my loot and experience to carry back into my game. also, I wouldn't want my friend running away with all my extra grenades and pipe posts lol.
            I just feel like a 2 player experience with the game built around it (with the option to choose your basic backstory for co-op or something so that NPCs can acknowledge you rather than pretending you don't exist) like for example obviously in your main game you're the protag, but in a co-op game you're a guard for hire or a vault dweller who offered to help a fellow dweller just something so the immersion isnt entirely shattered if every npc treats you like the same protaganist or doesnt acknowledge you outside of combat encounters at all, guess there's a reason im not a game dev huh
            Also yeah, fuck that, I'd want a non shared loot system where both players get their own individual loot from the same corpses, can you imagine if they added back in Unique weapons only for your friend to memorize all the good ones and quickly run around ninja looting them ; - ; 
This crushed me. I could stomach everything else but the character build is what makes it so awesome and unique. 
    Agreed! Skills give me the option to make one character unique from another. Mashing everything into perks both removes the unique character creation AND waters down perks with a bunch of nonsense like damage boosts and other stat changes that were previously tied to skills.
I definitely agree, but NV is an exception, really. Developed by Obsidian, with a lot of people who really understood RPGs and the Fallout universe. It's easily my favourite Fallout. Fallout 2 is close or tied; it's hard to compare such drastically different game styles though. 
He loooooves that meat
It isn't Fallout because a deep singleplayer experience with a lone deus ex machina-style protagonist has always defined the series. Think about the names of the protagonists: "Chosen One," "Lone Wanderer," and "Sole Survivor" all connote *one* person discovering and transforming their world.

With all that said, I don't necessarily disagree with OP - a co-op Fallout experience could be great fun, and it's awesome that there can still be innovation and experimentation within the series - provided that the multiplayer doesn't come at the *expense* of singleplayer, and also provided that F76 isn't just a cheap clone of some other game.

    The series is constantly being redefined though. It was few 2D isometrics once, then it was a couple of 3D rpgs (People on NMA said: "This isn't Fallout this is bullshit!"), followed by a more action/craft orientated iteration ("RPG elements only? Not Fallout") and now we've allegedly got one that experiments with a multiplayer aspect of some kind. Every single time the games try to evolve and explore the potential of the franchise everyone says "not a true Fallout!".

Regardless the baseline Fallout experience isn't going anywhere anytime soon so I don't think multiplayer itself warrants trepidation when we're not sure how it's going to be implemented. I'd agree with your overall worries if this was Fallout 5. But Fallout 76? Let's see where they it.


        But with regards to Fallout 4 taking away many of the series' RPG aspects and shifting more into settlement building, I'd say the objections were and still are valid. Most fans, myself included, disliked the shift and hope that the next iteration in the series will revert back to the older approach. Evolution is fine as long as it actually enhances the game, but more recent "evolutions" have been detrimental.

The shift from turn-based to FPS was better because a) the devs properly accommodated older fans by making VATS a core gameplay feature (and, again, I won't mind multiplayer if the devs accommodate older fans with singleplayer), and b) the shift actually made sense since turn-based games work best with multiple-protagonist games like Wasteland, Divinity, and XCOM.
    >Chosen One," "Lone Wanderer," and "Sole Survivor" all connote *one* person discovering and transforming their world.

And hopefully single player is an option too

But I'd be extremely excited to play a full Co op experience of fallout too. There's nothing inherently fallout about being alone, you're called that but then you meet lots of companions and people. In 3 your father survived, in NV you weren't a vault dweller and in 4 the main story focused on you finding your son. (never actually finished the main q in 4)

I'd be up for a co-op experience where 2 people survive the vault or something 
        The companions and NPCs in previous games don't make Fallout any less of a singleplayer experience - even when other characters matter to the story, the lone protagonist is still by far the most important character, and you never actually need companions to thrive in the game. But the concept of the lone protagonist is also important for gameplay's sake, not just the story.

Again, I have nothing against co-op or multiplayer, but if it comes at the expense of singleplayer then that would be a slap in the face to most fans.
Everything that makes fallout fallout wouldn't be possible with a friend. 
And when your friends decide to be evil on your good playthrough? Or free the slaves that you were trying to collect to please a settlement leader you need an "in" with? Or simply kill everyone in an important town while you're left watching?

The freedoms afforded players in most Fallout titles would be sources of much grief in a multiplayer environment, I suspect. 
    Your assuming a lot about the gameplay which we don't know yet.
        Aren't you, though? You said a multiplayer experience would be "everything you'd normally do but with a friend," so I listed some things we'd normally do in a Fallout game, and now you object to the assumptions? Can't have it both ways. If my assumptions are too much, then this isn't a "Fallout" game much at all, at least in the traditional AAA-game sense of it. 
            >Aren't you though?

No, I'm making no assumptions. I based my comment off of this:

>Explore, loot, fight raiders, run away from Deathclaws.

Followed by

>Sounds like you want a game thats not fallout

Anything beyond that is conditional. You could conjure up any number of hypothetical scenarios (which you have) that'd detract from the gameplay of the series but it's not known yet how it'll be handled or what the results will be so the comment about someone wanting a game that's not Fallout is ridiculous until we know more about multiplayer integration.
    I understand your frustration with this and I would agree that this would be an issue in a free roam type of multiplayer.... however, in a controlled CoOp style multiplayer this should not be a problem as the only people allowed to join you are your friends.  Then you and your friends can use chat and make in\-game decisions together.  Otherwise if you have friends that would intentionally wreck your fun by not playing the way you want... you should probably just get some better friends...
    Didn't Divinity:OS 2 just come out, did we all forget? 

Not saying the game would be like that, just saying that it COULD. 
> Fallout: Miami

Finally bikini armor finds its true home.
... wait, what? Miami??
    Fanmade mod.
     Buenvenidoes a Miami! 
        No, Willard. No. 
Considering Todd made note of how polarizing the voice acting became and how most of the dev time ended up being voicing the main character. I have my beliefs (beliefs at least) that it will follow the 3, or NV type of dialogue.
    Most of the dev time making a video game was spent recording lines for a single character?  I don't buy that.
        Recording lines for two different characters with different outcomes and reactions. Voice directing takes a ton of time and bear in mind this is Bethesda's first time handling protagonist voice-acting.
            Is it much more complicated than the previous games?  They already had to think out all of the dialogue branching and record the lines for other npcs.  
                Assume the main character has 20,000 lines. It then becomes 40,000 in total. Now not every line will take a long time as you'll have grunts and stuff but it will take a long time. 


Its probably akin to a weekly show. Where each episode compares to a mission. 
        Certainly not most of the dev time but a significant amount of it and money, tens of thousands of lines need to be directed and recorded which means pay for the voice talent, studio time though I assume Bethesda GS has a sound studio. Then audio engineers among others I'm sure.

Plus it sucked in fo4. 
    I have my doubts, Todd seems like he wants to be the next EA or ubisoft. He wants a Action- adventure game over a true RPG. I really hope I'm wrong tho
        Hopefully Bethesda realizes that people don't want that from a fallout game and do it with a new IP instead
        Why not both? Action adventure combat and exploration backed by robust rpg elements and compelling, choice driven story. What the classic fans want most seems to be choices in both how your character plays and how the world plays out. Neither of those is incompatible with a more action oriented gameplay style. 
    I honestly disagree. I think that Bethesda will be trying to improve the voiced protagonist system as they clearly starting doing in the Fallout 4 DLCs, and to abandon it would be giving in to whiners. 
        Whiners is a bit much. There are very real problems with the voiced protagonist deserving of criticism and bringing in a new version of it would hurt other aspects of the development.
Honestly, I miss my silent protagonist and never could get into my character saying his lines. especially when it always seemed lime he said the opposite of what I clicked or had a weird attitude when saying it. I don't know where bethesda got the whole "it's more immersive" thing from.
    [deleted]
        Bethesda should really go back to the old Morrowind style for important characters. Just a message that pops up saying "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
            I totally agree--that was much more immersive and really cool that you could literally do whatever you want.  I remember reading a while back that they changed engines for oblivion/skyrim which allowed characters to wander freely instead of walking complex circuits between a few defined points.  This led to the problem of some NPCs wandering off into the woods and getting killed by wild animals through no fault of the player, which is why they made the choice to switch to the immortal NPC system they have now.
                That makes it less disappointing to me. I'd be pissed if an essential NPC just wandered off and got himself murdered. Hopefully we can have both someday. It sounds easy to combine the 2 systems, but I know fuck all about computer programming, so it might be a $2 million project. 
                    [deleted]
            It's been a while since I played Morrowind, but I'm pretty sure that was not the phrasing they used. Something about threads of prophecy being severed, doomed world, yadda yadda yadda. 
                actually I’m pretty sure “hope you saved recently, motherfucker”is verbatim 
                It was definitely "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
                    at the very least if it wasn't, i'm fuckin making that mod

but i don't need to, because, obviously, it is
        Low int NV runs are the best runs.
            "Are you a maker of war, or peace?"

Pizza.
    I actually really liked it. I found it weird watching other people's videos where their character had MY character's voice
        I felt exactly the same way, watching other people's Mass Effect videos. "That's not what Shepard looks like!" 
            My 'Nate' has such distinctive blue eyes, that when I met Shaun and he had them too, I was pretty taken aback.
        Same here, anytime I saw a video the male character in it just looked wrong. That's not General John Castle, it's an imposter!
        It's also the biggest thing keeping me from doing a 2nd F4 play through. I've already been through the story of the guy they presented me with in F4. I can still go make a new character in FNV. I'm just starting my... 8th? playthrough of that game. Maybe only 6th.
https://i.imgur.com/XBR6SlK.gifv
I do hope for a nice building system in the next TES game. I know it was disliked by many in fallout 4, and I do think it was overdone and there was to much focus on the settlement system. I felt it took focus from populating the world with more interesting things, however I really would love to build a scenic cottage in numerous areas in skyrim.. 
    I agree. The settlement system was a little in your face, but the base building system was the best of it's kind in any AAA yet [imo].

For ME, Fallout/Elder Scrolls is fun because you get to live in that world, you get to explore it and discover things and meet people and make choices and live your story in this fleshed out world.

But as soon as all that's done and over with [again, for me] there's not much reason left to actively play the game. 

You can play it passively, sure, like re-reading a book, but it's not the same active experience.

The base building changed all of this.

It scratches the same effective itch as building a pillow fort in your living room, it makes me want to hang out in the game more than ever before. 

Honestly, it might be my favorite function in any video game ever [the base building, not particular to fo4- which just took the whole concept to the next level].

Now I'm being nostalgic about Dark Cloud. 
I thought that was part of what Skyrim special edition was. Ported to the new engine to test the engine features made for an elder Scrolls game
    Was it in the new engine? I thought it was just remastered.
        Its just remastered. You can't even tell the difference on pc really. 

            They added in the volumetric lighting from Fallout 4, which is immediately noticeable even on PC with graphical mods.
            Ok so yeah, that's what I thought. 

Current fo4 engine would look great in elder scrolls. Hopefully, all of this down-time is to make an even better engine for a fantasy setting [which would be hard because fo4 is the best in the series imo]. 
lol, I just meant that ironically.
O for sure in October. I think that was the big hint in the beginning of the teaser trailer with the date.
Ignorant human creature here, would Nintendo announcing F3 Remastered mean it’s only for switch? Or are they just having the honors of announcing it as a whole?
    Probably the latter
    I think it means that it will be going to switch, but there will also be a remaster for console/pc
        Yeah if anything, it would just be commending Nintendo and Bethesdas growing relationship and Nintendos growing interest in 3rd party support
        Hopefully if they do that they follow the precedent set by the Skyrim special edition and allow everyone who already has Fallout 3 Game of the Year to upgrade for free
    I think it would just be that have the honor of announcing it similar to the Skyrim remaster, no way they wouldn’t release a remaster for everything else, especially since it could have mod support for Xbox and pc
    I want to belive that will come to all platforms. Fallout 3 need a fix in Win10 urgently
Wouldn’t put much stock into that document. It lists an F-Zero game and “Yoshi’s Flipping island”. 
But NV was still made in 18 months.
    NV was made in 18 months because it used F3 as an extensive scaffold.
        You mean exactly the way 76 uses 4 as a scaffold?
        What do you mean? Obsidian probably had to learn how to use the ~~Creation Engine~~ *Gamebryo from scratch, whereas Bethesda has a lot of experience with it and I do believe 76 will use a lot of FO4 aswell.
            The "meat" of any BGS Creation Engine game is ESM files and scripts. The core game is not the engine, but everything under the data directory. That Obsidian decided to extend the engine to add more FPS mechanics was a decision they made, not a requirement of starting with the FO3 scaffolding.

If amateur modders can get up to speed making mods, then professional Obsidian could get up to speed making a full conversion mod. Which is essentially what New Vegas was. 
                The FPS mechanics in NV were great. It made the combat very fluid. 
                    And at the same time the NV fans are bitching at Fallout 3 and 4 for trying to be FPS shooters. Go figure.
            obsidian never used the creation engine, FO3 & FNV are made on gamebryo, same engine as Oblivion
                Correct, sorry Creation Engine is based on Gamebryo though.
        Exactly that is what they are saying. You are agreeing with them. 

Perhaps they have improved upon Survival mode and have made that the base game now? I would be absolutely fine with that.
    Seems reasonable with how much survival mode work was done but didn't make the final cut of the game
        Survival mode made fallout 4 a completely different (and better, imo) game. It's amazing. Would love a new game built around that 
            It is strictly all I play now in Fallout 4. Granted, it's hard not to opt for BoS because of the Vertibird perk.
                If your story can't have consequences, maybe the gameplay can.
                    Right? Nothing like barely crawling into a town with almost zero ammo and getting a random ghoul to the face at the finish line.
    Would work in context as well, 25 years after the bombs fell could imply a shit load of radiation to survive in. Could be way more dangerous in terms of rads than even Fallout 3.
        Kind of like dead money 24/7...slightly terrifying prospect NGL
Possibly 20 person servers? You can all work on the "Main" town, but youre also welcome to go out and work on another.

Any more than 20 and you may start overpopulating the map.

Whether the engine will be able to handle 20 players or more is also up for debate.
    I'm a interested in the concept. We'll see what E3 looks like.
    Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if it ends up being pve coop only with like 4 players max per game because the engine would cause your computer to kill itself on purpose. 
He's trying to cover all of his bases so he can be right no matter what it is. 
    This is how scam artist "Mediums" get away with their bs.
    It's like on those stupid house hunting shows where they want something close to downtown for the commute to work, but also it has to be right next to the beach because they gotta relax.
        "Craig and Stacia are looking for a two-story A-frame that’s near Craig’s job in the downtown, but also satisfies Stacia’s need to be near the beach which is nowhere near Craig’s job. With three children and nine on the way, and a max budget of $7… let’s see what Lori Jo can do on this week’s episode of _You Don’t Deserve A Beach House._"
            r/unexpectedmulaney
    I think this is it. So he can maintain that 100% accurate leaker title everyone is running to give him. I’m getting this game for the lore no matter what so if it’s some destiny styled stuff whatever if it’s drop in/out co-op with a greatly expanded settlement system great. I’m here for the world and because it might be near my home state. I’m excited to see what happens at e3 and trying to temper my expectations rather than get pissed over what this guy is saying.
Rust is all online. Player interaction is the name of the game.
    Well techincally, Rust is the name of the game.
Uh... 

>You can join empty servers or you can host your own.

That's always online. Playing multiplayer by yourself doesn't make it offline all of a sudden. 
Can you play either of those games with no internet connection though?
    You can with Ark, when you host your own game on your console. Don't know about Rust, though. 

Bethesda is the single player king, though. There's no way they would release a game without that. 
I would have to disagree, the quest is to get to The End and Beat the Ender Dragon, that’s how the credits roll
    Yeah, the credits end there, but there is no narrative story anywhere in the game. A huge number of player, perhaps even most of them, never bother with that and just go off and build stuff. It's a pure sandbox game, and people play it as a sandbox.

If there is a story narrative, it's because the player brings it in with them.
Yup. Probably they beefed it up a bit, but a 100 (or even 16) player capability is still unlikely. Maybe a Destiny-style hub with a max 3-4 people strike team?
I mean, I'm fine with them experimenting, it's not like Fallout games can only be one genre. I for one would love a Fallout RTS a la Company of Heroes.
Like any dedicated server, really. Minecraft realms are just overpriced servers, but conveniently integrated into the game. But that's probably the idea.
Ghost pepper sauce is always an option.

If you want to die that is.
ah, good old Schadenfreude - delicious. 
Most of those actually could exists at that stage though. Deathclaws where made by the government prewar, and super mutants where released on the east coast pretty soon after 
    They could. I know Deathclaws are a government expermiment on chameleons, but I am somewhat skeptical that they should be on the east coast. 

Supermutants should really only be on the west coast at the time of FO76, if made by FEV and The Master.

But I don't really think Bethesda really minds retconning their games to make them simpler and more generic for a wider audience. And while there's nothing inherently wrong with retcons, it still doesn't sit particularly well with me in this scenario. Akin to watering down what makes Fallout neat. But if the game is good, interesting, and still within acceptable bounds of canon then I'll be happy. 
While mutants shouldn't be around *too* much (though 25 years is enough for a generation or two of many animals), Deathclaws were pre-war experiment and there were plenty of people flash-ghoulified from the bombs.

Supermutants are right out, and I'd hope that even if they include "jet", it'll have a different name as a "pre war drug that is only suspiciously *similar* to Jet"
    Supermutants were actually created before the war in Vault 87, and that's only a few hours drive away from Virginia.
    Jot? 
Well Capital Supermutants came from Vault 87, although I don't remember at what point they escaped and took over. Also deathclaws are pre\-war creations, they either escaped from military bases or released by The Enclave on the East Coast. I know for a fact the Institute hasn't been experimenting with FEV yet, so none of those.
That's fair.  I ended up essentially playing the game twice because of that. 
But my friend is luggage that makes great jokes! eitherway, Im a very "muh immersion" kind of person but even Farcry style coop I'd be extremely pleased with, me and my friend have spoke for years now ever since we couch co-opped some games and played through skyrim taking turns when I got it earlier than him about how great a beth title with co-op would be
    O I would definitely love a 2 player experience in fallout for sure, but I still want my loot and experience to carry back into my game. also, I wouldn't want my friend running away with all my extra grenades and pipe posts lol.
        I just feel like a 2 player experience with the game built around it (with the option to choose your basic backstory for co-op or something so that NPCs can acknowledge you rather than pretending you don't exist) like for example obviously in your main game you're the protag, but in a co-op game you're a guard for hire or a vault dweller who offered to help a fellow dweller just something so the immersion isnt entirely shattered if every npc treats you like the same protaganist or doesnt acknowledge you outside of combat encounters at all, guess there's a reason im not a game dev huh
        Also yeah, fuck that, I'd want a non shared loot system where both players get their own individual loot from the same corpses, can you imagine if they added back in Unique weapons only for your friend to memorize all the good ones and quickly run around ninja looting them ; - ; 
Agreed! Skills give me the option to make one character unique from another. Mashing everything into perks both removes the unique character creation AND waters down perks with a bunch of nonsense like damage boosts and other stat changes that were previously tied to skills.
The series is constantly being redefined though. It was few 2D isometrics once, then it was a couple of 3D rpgs (People on NMA said: "This isn't Fallout this is bullshit!"), followed by a more action/craft orientated iteration ("RPG elements only? Not Fallout") and now we've allegedly got one that experiments with a multiplayer aspect of some kind. Every single time the games try to evolve and explore the potential of the franchise everyone says "not a true Fallout!".

Regardless the baseline Fallout experience isn't going anywhere anytime soon so I don't think multiplayer itself warrants trepidation when we're not sure how it's going to be implemented. I'd agree with your overall worries if this was Fallout 5. But Fallout 76? Let's see where they it.


    But with regards to Fallout 4 taking away many of the series' RPG aspects and shifting more into settlement building, I'd say the objections were and still are valid. Most fans, myself included, disliked the shift and hope that the next iteration in the series will revert back to the older approach. Evolution is fine as long as it actually enhances the game, but more recent "evolutions" have been detrimental.

The shift from turn-based to FPS was better because a) the devs properly accommodated older fans by making VATS a core gameplay feature (and, again, I won't mind multiplayer if the devs accommodate older fans with singleplayer), and b) the shift actually made sense since turn-based games work best with multiple-protagonist games like Wasteland, Divinity, and XCOM.
>Chosen One," "Lone Wanderer," and "Sole Survivor" all connote *one* person discovering and transforming their world.

And hopefully single player is an option too

But I'd be extremely excited to play a full Co op experience of fallout too. There's nothing inherently fallout about being alone, you're called that but then you meet lots of companions and people. In 3 your father survived, in NV you weren't a vault dweller and in 4 the main story focused on you finding your son. (never actually finished the main q in 4)

I'd be up for a co-op experience where 2 people survive the vault or something 
    The companions and NPCs in previous games don't make Fallout any less of a singleplayer experience - even when other characters matter to the story, the lone protagonist is still by far the most important character, and you never actually need companions to thrive in the game. But the concept of the lone protagonist is also important for gameplay's sake, not just the story.

Again, I have nothing against co-op or multiplayer, but if it comes at the expense of singleplayer then that would be a slap in the face to most fans.
Your assuming a lot about the gameplay which we don't know yet.
    Aren't you, though? You said a multiplayer experience would be "everything you'd normally do but with a friend," so I listed some things we'd normally do in a Fallout game, and now you object to the assumptions? Can't have it both ways. If my assumptions are too much, then this isn't a "Fallout" game much at all, at least in the traditional AAA-game sense of it. 
        >Aren't you though?

No, I'm making no assumptions. I based my comment off of this:

>Explore, loot, fight raiders, run away from Deathclaws.

Followed by

>Sounds like you want a game thats not fallout

Anything beyond that is conditional. You could conjure up any number of hypothetical scenarios (which you have) that'd detract from the gameplay of the series but it's not known yet how it'll be handled or what the results will be so the comment about someone wanting a game that's not Fallout is ridiculous until we know more about multiplayer integration.
I understand your frustration with this and I would agree that this would be an issue in a free roam type of multiplayer.... however, in a controlled CoOp style multiplayer this should not be a problem as the only people allowed to join you are your friends.  Then you and your friends can use chat and make in\-game decisions together.  Otherwise if you have friends that would intentionally wreck your fun by not playing the way you want... you should probably just get some better friends...
Didn't Divinity:OS 2 just come out, did we all forget? 

Not saying the game would be like that, just saying that it COULD. 
Fanmade mod.
 Buenvenidoes a Miami! 
    No, Willard. No. 
Most of the dev time making a video game was spent recording lines for a single character?  I don't buy that.
    Recording lines for two different characters with different outcomes and reactions. Voice directing takes a ton of time and bear in mind this is Bethesda's first time handling protagonist voice-acting.
        Is it much more complicated than the previous games?  They already had to think out all of the dialogue branching and record the lines for other npcs.  
            Assume the main character has 20,000 lines. It then becomes 40,000 in total. Now not every line will take a long time as you'll have grunts and stuff but it will take a long time. 


Its probably akin to a weekly show. Where each episode compares to a mission. 
    Certainly not most of the dev time but a significant amount of it and money, tens of thousands of lines need to be directed and recorded which means pay for the voice talent, studio time though I assume Bethesda GS has a sound studio. Then audio engineers among others I'm sure.

Plus it sucked in fo4. 
I have my doubts, Todd seems like he wants to be the next EA or ubisoft. He wants a Action- adventure game over a true RPG. I really hope I'm wrong tho
    Hopefully Bethesda realizes that people don't want that from a fallout game and do it with a new IP instead
    Why not both? Action adventure combat and exploration backed by robust rpg elements and compelling, choice driven story. What the classic fans want most seems to be choices in both how your character plays and how the world plays out. Neither of those is incompatible with a more action oriented gameplay style. 
I honestly disagree. I think that Bethesda will be trying to improve the voiced protagonist system as they clearly starting doing in the Fallout 4 DLCs, and to abandon it would be giving in to whiners. 
    Whiners is a bit much. There are very real problems with the voiced protagonist deserving of criticism and bringing in a new version of it would hurt other aspects of the development.
[deleted]
    Bethesda should really go back to the old Morrowind style for important characters. Just a message that pops up saying "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
        I totally agree--that was much more immersive and really cool that you could literally do whatever you want.  I remember reading a while back that they changed engines for oblivion/skyrim which allowed characters to wander freely instead of walking complex circuits between a few defined points.  This led to the problem of some NPCs wandering off into the woods and getting killed by wild animals through no fault of the player, which is why they made the choice to switch to the immortal NPC system they have now.
            That makes it less disappointing to me. I'd be pissed if an essential NPC just wandered off and got himself murdered. Hopefully we can have both someday. It sounds easy to combine the 2 systems, but I know fuck all about computer programming, so it might be a $2 million project. 
                [deleted]
        It's been a while since I played Morrowind, but I'm pretty sure that was not the phrasing they used. Something about threads of prophecy being severed, doomed world, yadda yadda yadda. 
            actually I’m pretty sure “hope you saved recently, motherfucker”is verbatim 
            It was definitely "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
                at the very least if it wasn't, i'm fuckin making that mod

but i don't need to, because, obviously, it is
    Low int NV runs are the best runs.
        "Are you a maker of war, or peace?"

Pizza.
I actually really liked it. I found it weird watching other people's videos where their character had MY character's voice
    I felt exactly the same way, watching other people's Mass Effect videos. "That's not what Shepard looks like!" 
        My 'Nate' has such distinctive blue eyes, that when I met Shaun and he had them too, I was pretty taken aback.
    Same here, anytime I saw a video the male character in it just looked wrong. That's not General John Castle, it's an imposter!
    It's also the biggest thing keeping me from doing a 2nd F4 play through. I've already been through the story of the guy they presented me with in F4. I can still go make a new character in FNV. I'm just starting my... 8th? playthrough of that game. Maybe only 6th.
I agree. The settlement system was a little in your face, but the base building system was the best of it's kind in any AAA yet [imo].

For ME, Fallout/Elder Scrolls is fun because you get to live in that world, you get to explore it and discover things and meet people and make choices and live your story in this fleshed out world.

But as soon as all that's done and over with [again, for me] there's not much reason left to actively play the game. 

You can play it passively, sure, like re-reading a book, but it's not the same active experience.

The base building changed all of this.

It scratches the same effective itch as building a pillow fort in your living room, it makes me want to hang out in the game more than ever before. 

Honestly, it might be my favorite function in any video game ever [the base building, not particular to fo4- which just took the whole concept to the next level].

Now I'm being nostalgic about Dark Cloud. 
Was it in the new engine? I thought it was just remastered.
    Its just remastered. You can't even tell the difference on pc really. 

        They added in the volumetric lighting from Fallout 4, which is immediately noticeable even on PC with graphical mods.
        Ok so yeah, that's what I thought. 

Current fo4 engine would look great in elder scrolls. Hopefully, all of this down-time is to make an even better engine for a fantasy setting [which would be hard because fo4 is the best in the series imo]. 
Probably the latter
I think it means that it will be going to switch, but there will also be a remaster for console/pc
    Yeah if anything, it would just be commending Nintendo and Bethesdas growing relationship and Nintendos growing interest in 3rd party support
    Hopefully if they do that they follow the precedent set by the Skyrim special edition and allow everyone who already has Fallout 3 Game of the Year to upgrade for free
I think it would just be that have the honor of announcing it similar to the Skyrim remaster, no way they wouldn’t release a remaster for everything else, especially since it could have mod support for Xbox and pc
I want to belive that will come to all platforms. Fallout 3 need a fix in Win10 urgently
NV was made in 18 months because it used F3 as an extensive scaffold.
    You mean exactly the way 76 uses 4 as a scaffold?
    What do you mean? Obsidian probably had to learn how to use the ~~Creation Engine~~ *Gamebryo from scratch, whereas Bethesda has a lot of experience with it and I do believe 76 will use a lot of FO4 aswell.
        The "meat" of any BGS Creation Engine game is ESM files and scripts. The core game is not the engine, but everything under the data directory. That Obsidian decided to extend the engine to add more FPS mechanics was a decision they made, not a requirement of starting with the FO3 scaffolding.

If amateur modders can get up to speed making mods, then professional Obsidian could get up to speed making a full conversion mod. Which is essentially what New Vegas was. 
            The FPS mechanics in NV were great. It made the combat very fluid. 
                And at the same time the NV fans are bitching at Fallout 3 and 4 for trying to be FPS shooters. Go figure.
        obsidian never used the creation engine, FO3 & FNV are made on gamebryo, same engine as Oblivion
            Correct, sorry Creation Engine is based on Gamebryo though.
    Exactly that is what they are saying. You are agreeing with them. 

Seems reasonable with how much survival mode work was done but didn't make the final cut of the game
    Survival mode made fallout 4 a completely different (and better, imo) game. It's amazing. Would love a new game built around that 
        It is strictly all I play now in Fallout 4. Granted, it's hard not to opt for BoS because of the Vertibird perk.
            If your story can't have consequences, maybe the gameplay can.
                Right? Nothing like barely crawling into a town with almost zero ammo and getting a random ghoul to the face at the finish line.
Would work in context as well, 25 years after the bombs fell could imply a shit load of radiation to survive in. Could be way more dangerous in terms of rads than even Fallout 3.
    Kind of like dead money 24/7...slightly terrifying prospect NGL
I'm a interested in the concept. We'll see what E3 looks like.
Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if it ends up being pve coop only with like 4 players max per game because the engine would cause your computer to kill itself on purpose. 
This is how scam artist "Mediums" get away with their bs.
It's like on those stupid house hunting shows where they want something close to downtown for the commute to work, but also it has to be right next to the beach because they gotta relax.
    "Craig and Stacia are looking for a two-story A-frame that’s near Craig’s job in the downtown, but also satisfies Stacia’s need to be near the beach which is nowhere near Craig’s job. With three children and nine on the way, and a max budget of $7… let’s see what Lori Jo can do on this week’s episode of _You Don’t Deserve A Beach House._"
        r/unexpectedmulaney
I think this is it. So he can maintain that 100% accurate leaker title everyone is running to give him. I’m getting this game for the lore no matter what so if it’s some destiny styled stuff whatever if it’s drop in/out co-op with a greatly expanded settlement system great. I’m here for the world and because it might be near my home state. I’m excited to see what happens at e3 and trying to temper my expectations rather than get pissed over what this guy is saying.
Well techincally, Rust is the name of the game.
You can with Ark, when you host your own game on your console. Don't know about Rust, though. 

Bethesda is the single player king, though. There's no way they would release a game without that. 
Yeah, the credits end there, but there is no narrative story anywhere in the game. A huge number of player, perhaps even most of them, never bother with that and just go off and build stuff. It's a pure sandbox game, and people play it as a sandbox.

If there is a story narrative, it's because the player brings it in with them.
They could. I know Deathclaws are a government expermiment on chameleons, but I am somewhat skeptical that they should be on the east coast. 

Supermutants should really only be on the west coast at the time of FO76, if made by FEV and The Master.

But I don't really think Bethesda really minds retconning their games to make them simpler and more generic for a wider audience. And while there's nothing inherently wrong with retcons, it still doesn't sit particularly well with me in this scenario. Akin to watering down what makes Fallout neat. But if the game is good, interesting, and still within acceptable bounds of canon then I'll be happy. 
Supermutants were actually created before the war in Vault 87, and that's only a few hours drive away from Virginia.
Jot? 
O I would definitely love a 2 player experience in fallout for sure, but I still want my loot and experience to carry back into my game. also, I wouldn't want my friend running away with all my extra grenades and pipe posts lol.
    I just feel like a 2 player experience with the game built around it (with the option to choose your basic backstory for co-op or something so that NPCs can acknowledge you rather than pretending you don't exist) like for example obviously in your main game you're the protag, but in a co-op game you're a guard for hire or a vault dweller who offered to help a fellow dweller just something so the immersion isnt entirely shattered if every npc treats you like the same protaganist or doesnt acknowledge you outside of combat encounters at all, guess there's a reason im not a game dev huh
    Also yeah, fuck that, I'd want a non shared loot system where both players get their own individual loot from the same corpses, can you imagine if they added back in Unique weapons only for your friend to memorize all the good ones and quickly run around ninja looting them ; - ; 
But with regards to Fallout 4 taking away many of the series' RPG aspects and shifting more into settlement building, I'd say the objections were and still are valid. Most fans, myself included, disliked the shift and hope that the next iteration in the series will revert back to the older approach. Evolution is fine as long as it actually enhances the game, but more recent "evolutions" have been detrimental.

The shift from turn-based to FPS was better because a) the devs properly accommodated older fans by making VATS a core gameplay feature (and, again, I won't mind multiplayer if the devs accommodate older fans with singleplayer), and b) the shift actually made sense since turn-based games work best with multiple-protagonist games like Wasteland, Divinity, and XCOM.
The companions and NPCs in previous games don't make Fallout any less of a singleplayer experience - even when other characters matter to the story, the lone protagonist is still by far the most important character, and you never actually need companions to thrive in the game. But the concept of the lone protagonist is also important for gameplay's sake, not just the story.

Again, I have nothing against co-op or multiplayer, but if it comes at the expense of singleplayer then that would be a slap in the face to most fans.
Aren't you, though? You said a multiplayer experience would be "everything you'd normally do but with a friend," so I listed some things we'd normally do in a Fallout game, and now you object to the assumptions? Can't have it both ways. If my assumptions are too much, then this isn't a "Fallout" game much at all, at least in the traditional AAA-game sense of it. 
    >Aren't you though?

No, I'm making no assumptions. I based my comment off of this:

>Explore, loot, fight raiders, run away from Deathclaws.

Followed by

>Sounds like you want a game thats not fallout

Anything beyond that is conditional. You could conjure up any number of hypothetical scenarios (which you have) that'd detract from the gameplay of the series but it's not known yet how it'll be handled or what the results will be so the comment about someone wanting a game that's not Fallout is ridiculous until we know more about multiplayer integration.
No, Willard. No. 
Recording lines for two different characters with different outcomes and reactions. Voice directing takes a ton of time and bear in mind this is Bethesda's first time handling protagonist voice-acting.
    Is it much more complicated than the previous games?  They already had to think out all of the dialogue branching and record the lines for other npcs.  
        Assume the main character has 20,000 lines. It then becomes 40,000 in total. Now not every line will take a long time as you'll have grunts and stuff but it will take a long time. 


Its probably akin to a weekly show. Where each episode compares to a mission. 
Certainly not most of the dev time but a significant amount of it and money, tens of thousands of lines need to be directed and recorded which means pay for the voice talent, studio time though I assume Bethesda GS has a sound studio. Then audio engineers among others I'm sure.

Plus it sucked in fo4. 
Hopefully Bethesda realizes that people don't want that from a fallout game and do it with a new IP instead
Why not both? Action adventure combat and exploration backed by robust rpg elements and compelling, choice driven story. What the classic fans want most seems to be choices in both how your character plays and how the world plays out. Neither of those is incompatible with a more action oriented gameplay style. 
Whiners is a bit much. There are very real problems with the voiced protagonist deserving of criticism and bringing in a new version of it would hurt other aspects of the development.
Bethesda should really go back to the old Morrowind style for important characters. Just a message that pops up saying "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
    I totally agree--that was much more immersive and really cool that you could literally do whatever you want.  I remember reading a while back that they changed engines for oblivion/skyrim which allowed characters to wander freely instead of walking complex circuits between a few defined points.  This led to the problem of some NPCs wandering off into the woods and getting killed by wild animals through no fault of the player, which is why they made the choice to switch to the immortal NPC system they have now.
        That makes it less disappointing to me. I'd be pissed if an essential NPC just wandered off and got himself murdered. Hopefully we can have both someday. It sounds easy to combine the 2 systems, but I know fuck all about computer programming, so it might be a $2 million project. 
            [deleted]
    It's been a while since I played Morrowind, but I'm pretty sure that was not the phrasing they used. Something about threads of prophecy being severed, doomed world, yadda yadda yadda. 
        actually I’m pretty sure “hope you saved recently, motherfucker”is verbatim 
        It was definitely "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
            at the very least if it wasn't, i'm fuckin making that mod

but i don't need to, because, obviously, it is
Low int NV runs are the best runs.
    "Are you a maker of war, or peace?"

Pizza.
I felt exactly the same way, watching other people's Mass Effect videos. "That's not what Shepard looks like!" 
    My 'Nate' has such distinctive blue eyes, that when I met Shaun and he had them too, I was pretty taken aback.
Same here, anytime I saw a video the male character in it just looked wrong. That's not General John Castle, it's an imposter!
It's also the biggest thing keeping me from doing a 2nd F4 play through. I've already been through the story of the guy they presented me with in F4. I can still go make a new character in FNV. I'm just starting my... 8th? playthrough of that game. Maybe only 6th.
Its just remastered. You can't even tell the difference on pc really. 

    They added in the volumetric lighting from Fallout 4, which is immediately noticeable even on PC with graphical mods.
    Ok so yeah, that's what I thought. 

Current fo4 engine would look great in elder scrolls. Hopefully, all of this down-time is to make an even better engine for a fantasy setting [which would be hard because fo4 is the best in the series imo]. 
Yeah if anything, it would just be commending Nintendo and Bethesdas growing relationship and Nintendos growing interest in 3rd party support
Hopefully if they do that they follow the precedent set by the Skyrim special edition and allow everyone who already has Fallout 3 Game of the Year to upgrade for free
You mean exactly the way 76 uses 4 as a scaffold?
What do you mean? Obsidian probably had to learn how to use the ~~Creation Engine~~ *Gamebryo from scratch, whereas Bethesda has a lot of experience with it and I do believe 76 will use a lot of FO4 aswell.
    The "meat" of any BGS Creation Engine game is ESM files and scripts. The core game is not the engine, but everything under the data directory. That Obsidian decided to extend the engine to add more FPS mechanics was a decision they made, not a requirement of starting with the FO3 scaffolding.

If amateur modders can get up to speed making mods, then professional Obsidian could get up to speed making a full conversion mod. Which is essentially what New Vegas was. 
        The FPS mechanics in NV were great. It made the combat very fluid. 
            And at the same time the NV fans are bitching at Fallout 3 and 4 for trying to be FPS shooters. Go figure.
    obsidian never used the creation engine, FO3 & FNV are made on gamebryo, same engine as Oblivion
        Correct, sorry Creation Engine is based on Gamebryo though.
Exactly that is what they are saying. You are agreeing with them. 

Survival mode made fallout 4 a completely different (and better, imo) game. It's amazing. Would love a new game built around that 
    It is strictly all I play now in Fallout 4. Granted, it's hard not to opt for BoS because of the Vertibird perk.
        If your story can't have consequences, maybe the gameplay can.
            Right? Nothing like barely crawling into a town with almost zero ammo and getting a random ghoul to the face at the finish line.
Kind of like dead money 24/7...slightly terrifying prospect NGL
"Craig and Stacia are looking for a two-story A-frame that’s near Craig’s job in the downtown, but also satisfies Stacia’s need to be near the beach which is nowhere near Craig’s job. With three children and nine on the way, and a max budget of $7… let’s see what Lori Jo can do on this week’s episode of _You Don’t Deserve A Beach House._"
    r/unexpectedmulaney
I just feel like a 2 player experience with the game built around it (with the option to choose your basic backstory for co-op or something so that NPCs can acknowledge you rather than pretending you don't exist) like for example obviously in your main game you're the protag, but in a co-op game you're a guard for hire or a vault dweller who offered to help a fellow dweller just something so the immersion isnt entirely shattered if every npc treats you like the same protaganist or doesnt acknowledge you outside of combat encounters at all, guess there's a reason im not a game dev huh
Also yeah, fuck that, I'd want a non shared loot system where both players get their own individual loot from the same corpses, can you imagine if they added back in Unique weapons only for your friend to memorize all the good ones and quickly run around ninja looting them ; - ; 
>Aren't you though?

No, I'm making no assumptions. I based my comment off of this:

>Explore, loot, fight raiders, run away from Deathclaws.

Followed by

>Sounds like you want a game thats not fallout

Anything beyond that is conditional. You could conjure up any number of hypothetical scenarios (which you have) that'd detract from the gameplay of the series but it's not known yet how it'll be handled or what the results will be so the comment about someone wanting a game that's not Fallout is ridiculous until we know more about multiplayer integration.
Is it much more complicated than the previous games?  They already had to think out all of the dialogue branching and record the lines for other npcs.  
    Assume the main character has 20,000 lines. It then becomes 40,000 in total. Now not every line will take a long time as you'll have grunts and stuff but it will take a long time. 


Its probably akin to a weekly show. Where each episode compares to a mission. 
I totally agree--that was much more immersive and really cool that you could literally do whatever you want.  I remember reading a while back that they changed engines for oblivion/skyrim which allowed characters to wander freely instead of walking complex circuits between a few defined points.  This led to the problem of some NPCs wandering off into the woods and getting killed by wild animals through no fault of the player, which is why they made the choice to switch to the immortal NPC system they have now.
    That makes it less disappointing to me. I'd be pissed if an essential NPC just wandered off and got himself murdered. Hopefully we can have both someday. It sounds easy to combine the 2 systems, but I know fuck all about computer programming, so it might be a $2 million project. 
        [deleted]
It's been a while since I played Morrowind, but I'm pretty sure that was not the phrasing they used. Something about threads of prophecy being severed, doomed world, yadda yadda yadda. 
    actually I’m pretty sure “hope you saved recently, motherfucker”is verbatim 
    It was definitely "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
        at the very least if it wasn't, i'm fuckin making that mod

but i don't need to, because, obviously, it is
"Are you a maker of war, or peace?"

Pizza.
My 'Nate' has such distinctive blue eyes, that when I met Shaun and he had them too, I was pretty taken aback.
They added in the volumetric lighting from Fallout 4, which is immediately noticeable even on PC with graphical mods.
Ok so yeah, that's what I thought. 

Current fo4 engine would look great in elder scrolls. Hopefully, all of this down-time is to make an even better engine for a fantasy setting [which would be hard because fo4 is the best in the series imo]. 
The "meat" of any BGS Creation Engine game is ESM files and scripts. The core game is not the engine, but everything under the data directory. That Obsidian decided to extend the engine to add more FPS mechanics was a decision they made, not a requirement of starting with the FO3 scaffolding.

If amateur modders can get up to speed making mods, then professional Obsidian could get up to speed making a full conversion mod. Which is essentially what New Vegas was. 
    The FPS mechanics in NV were great. It made the combat very fluid. 
        And at the same time the NV fans are bitching at Fallout 3 and 4 for trying to be FPS shooters. Go figure.
obsidian never used the creation engine, FO3 & FNV are made on gamebryo, same engine as Oblivion
    Correct, sorry Creation Engine is based on Gamebryo though.
It is strictly all I play now in Fallout 4. Granted, it's hard not to opt for BoS because of the Vertibird perk.
    If your story can't have consequences, maybe the gameplay can.
        Right? Nothing like barely crawling into a town with almost zero ammo and getting a random ghoul to the face at the finish line.
r/unexpectedmulaney
Assume the main character has 20,000 lines. It then becomes 40,000 in total. Now not every line will take a long time as you'll have grunts and stuff but it will take a long time. 


Its probably akin to a weekly show. Where each episode compares to a mission. 
That makes it less disappointing to me. I'd be pissed if an essential NPC just wandered off and got himself murdered. Hopefully we can have both someday. It sounds easy to combine the 2 systems, but I know fuck all about computer programming, so it might be a $2 million project. 
    [deleted]
actually I’m pretty sure “hope you saved recently, motherfucker”is verbatim 
It was definitely "that guy you just killed is critical to the story, hope you saved recently, motherfucker."
    at the very least if it wasn't, i'm fuckin making that mod

but i don't need to, because, obviously, it is
The FPS mechanics in NV were great. It made the combat very fluid. 
    And at the same time the NV fans are bitching at Fallout 3 and 4 for trying to be FPS shooters. Go figure.
Correct, sorry Creation Engine is based on Gamebryo though.
If your story can't have consequences, maybe the gameplay can.
    Right? Nothing like barely crawling into a town with almost zero ammo and getting a random ghoul to the face at the finish line.
[deleted]
at the very least if it wasn't, i'm fuckin making that mod

but i don't need to, because, obviously, it is
And at the same time the NV fans are bitching at Fallout 3 and 4 for trying to be FPS shooters. Go figure.
Right? Nothing like barely crawling into a town with almost zero ammo and getting a random ghoul to the face at the finish line.
