[[Opinion Black and White Were a High Point in the Franchise (Or Why I Love Black and White)]]


Note that I say *a* high point, because I don't believe the Pokemon franchise has only had one high point. 

I don't really think this is a hot take now—people seem to be appreciating Black and White more and more as time passes—but I remember B/W getting a lot of flak when it came out. B/W were highly experimental, that much is indisputable, and the risks the games took were once extremely controversial. 

People routinely complained about the new Pokemon designs. The most commonly despised were the Vanillish and Trubbish lines, but almost the entire new lineup was mocked at some point. I understood that some of these designs were rather silly, but I didn't understand the passionate hatred they inspired. What was so controversial? Yes, there were Pokemon based on food and garbage—how was that different from the Exeggcute and Grimer lines?

B/W were my introduction to the Pokemon games, and to this day they are my favorites. I won't pretend nostalgia has nothing to do with this, but I think it's unrealistic to say nostalgia doesn't affect our opinions. It doesn't change the fact that I loved B/W when I was six and still do. And it makes me really happy to see that after so long, more of the Pokemon fandom appears to have developed a positive opinion of the games. 

TL;DR: B/W were not well-liked when they were first released, and I know there are still people who don't like them. However, I strongly believe they were a high point in the Pokemon franchise. 

Here are some things I loved about B/W!

* **The moving sprites.** I have a soft spot for the pixel art stage of the Pokemon games, so it's no surprise I loved these! I know some people complain that they're clunky and poorly animated, with the pixel art leaving different sprite sections strangely detached from one another. I personally have no complaints about the animations—sure, they were rudimentary, but they were certainly an improvement upon previous sprites, and how much do you expect? In addition, the "detached sprite segments" issue is only noticeable if the sprites are blown up on a large screen, and B/W is meant to be played on a DS, where they look great. 
* **The new Pokemon.** I understand why people were put off by the fact that older Pokemon weren't available until the postgame. I missed the older Pokemon too! But I was also a huge fan of the fresh, completely new lineup of over one hundred new Pokemon. They really went all-out! And yes, as I said, not all of the new designs were great, but I think that goes for every generation. Some of my favorites are Hydreigon, Cryogonal, Zoroark, Chandelure, and Bisharp.
* **The soundtrack.** This may be more of a personal taste thing, but I *loved* the music from B/W. As a kid, sometimes I would stop progressing in the game just to listen to whatever theme was playing. I love how experimental they got with the cave themes, the pitch descending every time you went down a floor, giving you an apprehensive, eerie sense of dread. Some of my favorite pieces from the soundtrack are the legendary Pokemon theme, the Elite Four theme, and N's battle theme.
* **Bianca and Cheren.** I know this is probably a very unpopular opinion, but hear me out. Having multiple rivals with distinct personalities was fresh and new. (Generation III included two rivals, but one of them was Brendan/May, so I consider Wally the only rival with a distinct personality there.) Bianca and Cheren both felt like people, even familiar friends or acquaintances. That being said, I think Cheren stood out more. I know he can get irritating, but he *is* a rival, after all, and he felt very much like a type of person I encounter often in real life: He is a good person and cares for others, but has an ego and will get overwhelmed by competitiveness and jealousy if he feels someone else is surpassing him. 
* **The story.** Pokemon is a franchise with a target audience of children (though of course, we all know it is not only children who appreciate Pokemon), so although the games have plots, they are not particularly impressive. But I was deeply impressed by B/W's story. It is far from flawless, but I feel it is deeper and more intricately woven than the typical story found in a Pokemon game. It discussed the moral conflict of truth vs. ideals in a way that did not denounce either side as incorrect or "evil." Team Plasma may have donned ridiculous outfits, but their message about Pokemon battling made you genuinely question the ethics of the Pokemon world. Ironically, the story of B/W taught me that the world is not black and white. 
* **N.** The fandom loves N and commends him as one of the greatest Pokemon villains. I agree. From the start, you could tell he was eccentric, mysterious, and most definitely not on your side. But you could also tell that he was not a bad person—he simply wanted to liberate Pokemon from what he viewed as a lifetime of horrific abuse. When the games showed him gradually beginning to question the beliefs he had held for a lifetime, it was a surprisingly candid and heartfelt display. 
* **The atmosphere.** This is perhaps another personal preference, but B/W had a slightly darker, heavier atmosphere than usual, and I enjoyed this immensely. This is especially noticeable with regards to the Elite Four and the Team Plasma plot twist (if you can call it that). Every decision, every plot point felt like it mattered, and this motivated me to complete the games. 
* **Unova's diversity.** Let's be clear—I have absolutely nothing against Kanto, Johto, Hoenn, or Sinnoh. But I feel that each region, while distinct from the other regions, does not contain locations distinct from one another. In other words, Kanto may look different from Hoenn, but within Kanto, most of the route/town designs look similar. This was definitely not the case with Unova. I adored the quirky, unique locations that made up this new region. 
* **Version differences beyond wild Pokemon and legendaries.** Opelucid City is completely different in Black as opposed to White. It has a different appearance, a different theme, and a different Gym Leader. Likewise, Black has Black City where White has White Forest. This was an awesome and detailed way to differentiate between versions that had not been done before.


Just the ds in general was a high point
    Gen 4 and 5 always fight, whereas I prefer ds pokemon unity.
        Sinnoh gave us the Distortion World, Gods, DELELEWOOP, and a nightmare of a Champion, Gen 5 gave us great Story,version exclusive locations and N, who's to say both of them can't be great.
            Big agree, kind of sad this comment thread started to devolve into bickering between the two, why not both?
            DELELEWOOP makes gen 4 the greatest of all time. No competition.
        Peak Pokémon era
        Pokemon *Unite*
            No.
        d.p.pt. were the best
            I'm sorry but ss/hg were clearly better.
                dude where do you get your drugs from? that seems like the good stuff
                    Double region, 16 gym Pokemon games are all the drugs I will ever need
                        Still don’t understand why they never did dual regions again.
                            Why make one game full of content when you can split it and sell two games? Big brain plays.
                                The real big brain play would’ve been to upscale alola or kalos then sell it as DLC .
    And not just for the main series. The *entire* Ranger series happened on the DS.
        There are dozens of us Ranger fans! Dozens!
            I even had a crush on one of the Sinis Trio
                Was it Ice? It was probably Ice.
        pokemon mystery dungeon as well!
            Also Conquest
                I played that and loved it.
            Wasn’t that gameboy? I have my red rescue team cartridge still
                Red Rescue Team (GBA) and Blue Rescue Team (DS) were both released at the same time. They're the same game on different consoles.
                    Ohhh ok thanks
    I came here to say exactly this - the DS was Pokémon’s golden era.

Every mainline was great, spinoffs were amazing (Mystery Dungeon, Ranger) there were some bumps (Pokémon Dash) but overall the DS is personally my favourite era of the series.
        Queue primal dialga theme, Pokemon Ranger, and honestly i remembered having a ton of fun with pokemon dash (especially the custom courses) despite it being extremely frustrating
    Youre absolutely right. Nothing was the same after the main Pokemon games weren't on DS anymore
        Agree. They were infantilized a lot
    Agreed. D/P were a rough start. They were pretty tedious to play. I think it only improved from that point though.
        Agreed, when my friend who had diamond and me who had platinum talked the differences, i never realized quite how much the QoL had been improved. They were quite jealous of me though.
    I liked Gen IV and hated Gen V. It’s all up to opinion.
It's silly, but the different bridges in Unova really made it stand out for me.

They have a good variety in design, and the view coming to Castelia City over Skyarrow Bridge and the singing on Village Bridge are some of the most memorable locations in the games.
____

Black / White 2 feel amazing to play after Black / White, as you see the sprite animations for the old Pokémon alongside the new.

But mostly it stands out for Pokéstar Studios and the Pokémon World Tournament, my favorite side game and the best post-game by far.

The story Unova is generally one of the best: the first was great, and 2's makes for a good sequel.
    Unova still feels like the biggest region. I mean I know they want Kalos to feel big with Lumiose and it's absolute load of NPCs, but Castelia City somehow still feels bigger and more lively, the constant moving NPCs, the bridge going into it with the cars, all of it makes the region feel populated.
        I haven’t played Kalos yet, but the alleyways in Castelia really help it feel huge. The Jazz music may also help.

Then Nimbasa feels like a big sister city to make that area feel like a huge city...separated by desert ruins.
    [removed]
        I've been catching up with the games after playing Let's Go Eevee, and I'm currently on White 2.

My favorite 'mons from XD, Emerald, Diamond, and Black have all been imported as a diverse all-star team, and the Pokémon World Tournament is the perfect post-game to enjoy mixing those 'mons.

I'm not transferring any of them to 6 until they either give us the Pokémon World Tournament again, or the transfer window of Bank's shutdown is closing.

Battle Tree would feel terribly bland and cheaty after so many PWT rounds...many of which don't end in me getting Battle Points.

It feels like fighting the gym leaders at the difficulty level they should have been at.
    is also the join avenue
        I almost forgot about Join Avenue!! ♡
    yes!!! i loved how you can hear a band slowly create itself as you talked to each musican in a city!!! it felt magical!!
        The only flaw was that in 2, you could find a woman under the bridge practicing who kicked you out.

I felt a little let down when she didn’t join the band in the post game.

That’s on my wishlist if we ever revisit Unova.
    [deleted]
When you said you were six when they came out I thought you were like 12 now. Turns out I’m just getting old. I remember picking white up from GameStop like it was yesterday.
    When he said he was six when they came out I thought I was old. 

I am old. 

I bought BW in college. They were my “maybe I should get back into this” games after not having played since gold/silver.
    Pokémon black was the first game I ever pre ordered
        You motherfuckers make me feel so old
Holy shit, a take that doesn't try to proclaim itself in some absolute (*the* high point, "unpopular" opinion). But I'm with you, Game Freak really tried to pursue something different to reinvent Pokemon games in some way. It's hard to say if those design decisions are what did it in, or perhaps being on the end of life of the DS, but Gen V ~~panned~~ was less than Gen IV in terms of sales, and I think Nintendo, TPC, and GF all saw that as a disdain for the decisions that got made and haven't wanted to go back in that direction since.
    The sales weren't that bad. Most of the Pokemon games of a new generation sit around 16 million sales.
        Bad, no. So, perhaps I am being a little exaggerated. But there was a decrease in sales, nonetheless. While you or I as casual people might not see that as significant, the gap of ~2 million sales loss in the release of a new generation probably convinced them greatly about taking certain types of design steps.
            I don't know. Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well? I really feel like they were building on every new release at the time. Some slight regressions (following Pokemon being removed), but overall the series took steps forward. 

Are the gen 5 sales being worse than gen 4 really the reason why the games since gen 6 have felt so lackluster? I think some of the backlash against all the new Pokemon caused them to focus more on gen 1 nostalgia. I think that makes sense. But the removal of exploration and such? I don't know if that's really because gen 5 sold a bit less. Certainly didn't happen when gen 3 sold less than gen 2.
                > Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well?

I don't have a full argument for this, I'll just have to defer a few points and you make your own interpretation.

1. If you account that for each GBA owner also owned either an SP or Micro you have about 45 million *unique* GBA users
2. Pokemon Ruby and Sapphire then sold 16.2 million or about 1 in 3 users
3. If you assume for every DS user they subsequently bought a Lite you have about 75 million unique DS users
4. Pokemon Black and White then sold 15.6 million or about 1 in every 5 users.

By-the-user in a very suspicious math of determining uniqueness of console owners, RS were more popular per console owner than Black and White.

It's not clean, or full-proof but it's a demonstration that perhaps Pokemon was simply just less popular by that time which is why we can't argue the same for Ruby and Sapphire like we could Black and White versus Ruby and Sapphire or Diamond and Pearl.
                    I don't like your math here, it artificially inflates the popularity of the games. Most people I've ever met only had 1 GBA per person, including SPs and Micros, similarly, most people who bought an original DS didn't go out and buy a DS Lite. This means that your claims of the number of unique owners is a lot lower than the actual numbers, and it makes it look like a larger percentage of people owning these consoles bought the games.
                        You may or may not be right. In my own experience I owned a GBA but never an SP or Micro. I did however own a DS and later a DS Lite. The math isn't ideal, and honestly seems more suspicious on the GBA side since the owner ship of original:SP is close to 1:1.

If I look at total sales and compare raw I'll have to remember to look at DSi sales as well if those aren't computed in those numbers I pulled.
                            I'll say that in my experience, at least on the Gameboy side, everyone I knew either had an SP, or they had an original, and when it came to the DS, basically everyone had a lite around me, mostly due to our ages.the only console that I saw a major case of re-buying was the DSi, mostly because it seemed to actually be an upgrade
                Ruby and sapphire were doomed from start the original gba advance was promised to be a portable GameCube and instead it was just smaller more powerful game boy  color . Once the backlight was introduced emerald and the remakes sold a lot better which having the ds introduced the next year made the hype at a max for diamond and pearl . Gen five didn’t sell that well because of the timing . It was obviously the end of the ds life cycle with the 3 ds announced and people just weren’t looking forward to another ds game we wanted amazing graphics . And since the games came with only Pokémon specific to the region . It was a major turn off to most experienced players . Which is a good chunk of the fan base . Sales indicate fans care more about new console and thus new graphic then generally new Pokémon . I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games . Also the newest games for every portable console that started with obviously better graphics then the last . Especially recently . Unfortunately for fifth gen to the common fan it was seen as an in between generation . And for ruby and sapphire it was seen as unplayable due to the console promises versus the actual delivery.
                    The GBA was suppose to be a portable gamecube? Oh boy, how was that expected? The 3DS hardly reaches that standard, and that was years after the GBA.
                        I read somewhere it was either sega  genesis or the to be announced game cube which makes sense because well game boy advance can be used as a controller for it
                    I think most of this is just factually wrong. Do you have any sources that back any of this up? 

>I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games 

Obviously Pokemon Red and Blue are the highest selling games. After that it's Gold and Silver. Then comes Sword and Shield. Only then comes Diamond and Pearl. XY didn't really sell that well, not that much more than Ruby and Saphire, Black and White or Sun and Moon. 

https://vgsales.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon
                > I don't know. Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well?

There's no disputing that RS sold less than GS, but I think the key difference is that the games that followed RS, Diamond and Pearl, did better than RS. BW did worse than either DP *or* RS in sales. 

In other words, the difference is that RS merely continued a trend, whereas BW appeared to break a rebound and threatened to reduce sales even further. In hindsight, of course, it isn't clear if this is strictly true; it seems RS represented the stabilization of sales numbers; every game since has been fairly consistently around 16 million and some change in sales.
                Ruby and Sapphire were released at a time when Pokemania started to die down, at that time it was no longer "cool" to like Pokemon. The pseudo-Dexit due to technological restrictions preventing Gen 2 to Gen 3 transfers did not bode well for some either.
                I actually think I know why the games since gen 6 have been so lackluster. By the time gen 5 rolled around, Game Freak had been working with 2D, sprite-based games since the beginning of the franchise, and they had become incredibly skilled in that medium. In addition to that, locales are much easier to create with a larger sense of scale if all they have to make is a tileset. This allowed them to make large environments and sprawling caves that encourage exploration, like Chargestone Cave and the desert area. However, with gen 6, they were working in 3D now, and with that new medium, came new capabilities alongside new limitations. 3D environments require the developers to model, in 3D, the locations in game. They are no longer able to simply create a tileset and build those sprawling environments with ease. Designing 3D environments is much more labor-intensive than designing 2D environments is, and I don't think Game Freak's team was prepared for that. The team has to work much harder on creating assets for the game, and that takes away development effort from creating the amount of content that we're used to. Even so, the game's environments suffer in quality because the team has been used to 2D development for so long, and as a result, struggle with creating vast or interesting 3D environments. This is what causes the notorious "corridor syndrome" of the recent generations, alongside the lack of the amount of content we're used to. I feel this issue was further exacerbated by the jump to HD with Sword and Shield. Granted, Let's Go was also in HD, but Kanto requires much less effort to make, since the region's design, Pokedex, and characters already exist. That gave them a template to work off of, and allowed them to focus on the new changes in the game. Sword and Shield had high expectations behind it, and the development effort was fragmented by both the work being done on Little Town Hero, and the need to make many things from scratch (the story, characters, region, updating Pokemon textures). All of that coupled with their inexperience with 3D, the additional effort that comes with 3D games, and the management's unwillingness to expand their team due to their belief that a smaller team is easier to manage, has led to the decline in quality that is emblematic of the recent entries in the series.
    Honestly, I don't blame Nintendo, TPC and GF for avoiding the choices they made for B/W. It didn't get a very good response, and even if people are starting to really appreciate and even miss B/W now, they're going to go with whatever they think will continue the franchise's success.
        Aight I love BW but also BW2. On the villainous team point, it's so much deeper in that it isn't just some kid trying to stop the gang leader from world domination. There's more than good or evil, which makes it feel a lot more mature than the other games
            I'm playing through BW2 right now, and finished BW just before.  I didn't care much for BW when I played through it, but BW2 makes me appreciate Unova more because of the on-going story and world-building.  Plus it doesn't feel like a rehash, or a half-assed sequel, it feels like a proper continuation of everything and makes Unova as a whole feel much more alive than any other region.

Team Plasma is pretty great.  The internal struggle, the members that don't know what's going on and the ones that do, the split between old and new... Yeah, they seem like the most well written villainous team.
                Agreed, as opposed to some derpy dudes in outdated fashion and want to capture Pokémon.
        I do blame them for falling back on gimmicks and failing to follow through on anything though.

Like if they had just stuck with mega evolutions and then focused on improving every other aspect of the games instead of having a new gimmick every game I think the games would be in a great place right now.
    Which is unfortunate, because those were beautiful games and probably would've pushed the developers in the direction of making something more like BotW for the Pokémon genre.
    [deleted]
        This seems like extrapolating too much from one's own experience. There are many more persuasive factors that impact sales of a game aimed at children. A more plausible factor, as written above in the thread, is the poor marketing for an old console and the seemingly lackluster graphics.
    Following on from the previous games BW cut quite a few key features. A big one is being able to grow berries in-game which for some reason was restricted to the Dream World.


Now with the Dream World (and Global Link) being history it is very hard to obtain berries in bulk in BW. BW2 at least allows you to purchase berries from the Join Avenue.
> Unova's diverisity 

Definitely the weather system helped a lot with that. You could visit the same route in a different season and it would be completely different, sometimes completely changing the parts you can access.
    I can't believe I forgot to mention the presence of seasons in B/W! You're so right.
    Hoenn introduced it first with the snow and the rain
        It's not even close to what it was in Unova, though. Also, where was the snow in Hoenn? I remember sunny and rainy weather, the soot route but not the snowy route.
This is unrelated to black and white specifically.

I recently went back to play Colosseum and XD roms and generally speaking, the attention to detail is so much better than current day games. I was part of the fan base that was content with sword and shield. While I don’t hate SW/SH, it’s abundantly clear that this franchise has taken quite the nosedive in recent years. Yes, I know Colosseum and XD aren’t made by GameFreak, but I feel there is a general theme of getting more and more lazy as game developers. A true shame. 

Black and White was one of my favourite generations, personally liked it more than 6 if I’m being honest. Not gonna say things that have been said here already, but I believe gen 5 was the end of an era. Gen 6 onwards were great too, don’t get me wrong, but it didn’t have that X factor in my opinion.
    How did it not have the X factor? It was literally Pokémon X and Y
        True true
    I mean, you also have to consider Colosseum and XD were on a much smaller scale when it came to the region and the available pokemon. The developers didn't feel obligated to shove in as many things as possible due to higher powers demanding X things be in the game for sake of franchise from what I estimate.
        I agree, up until SW/SH for being a main console Pokémon game coming out damn near 20 years later. There really shouldn’t be an excuse here... how much leeway should we give game freak then? 

Like I said, I enjoyed SW/SH as a game and it’s new features, but the fact that the animations and such have gotten worse is a bit concerning for the future of the franchise. And I’ve been playing this shit since Fire Red lmao
    ha, I see what you did there
BW2 and ORAS where pretty solid as well. 

especially with ORAS having megas! that was a cool mechanic they should have continued with...
    I'm forever disgusted by ORAS for a lack of Battle Frontier.
        What made Battle Frontier better than Battle Resort?  Or any other post-game battle area?

Honest question, I've never played Emerald.
            There were 7 unique battle facilities each with thier own type of battle experience (and 2 types of Emblems to win Silver and Gold )
Battle Tower : standard Pokémon battling 
Pyramid: you enter with 3 Pokémon and have to climb floors to the top while encountering wild Pokémon and trainers,with random items scattered across the floor (and everything is dark, and the circle around your character grows with each defeated trainer)
Rental : you rent 3 random Pokémon and battle normally, if you win against a trainer you can switch to one of thier Pokémon (this facility like the standard tower is also present in Platinum and HG/SS)
Dome : I can't really recall it, but I think it's just normal Pokémon battles set up like a tournament
Dojo: Pokémon battling, but after 2 turns each Pokémon get judged (if I recall) you get judged on damage dealt, status conditions and a third thing (can't really recall the specifics) but the Pokémon with most points win, and the other will faint
Pike: also a dungeon like the pyramid. You traverse alot of hallways each with 3 different doors. Sometimes it Will be a room with a trainer, sometimes wild Pokémon, And sometimes a trainer and Dusclubs that will inflict a status on your Pokémon (screw that guy)
The last one I forgot the name. But it's Pokémon battles without you controlling the Pokémon (they act based on thier natures)
Basically they were pretty though since all the trainers had perfect ivs and you had to prepare different strategies (atleast 10 year old me thought so, though I did manage to get 2 silver emblems) However with all the breeding and training improvements over the years. It would have been perfect to have back since. It'd pretty easy to make strong Pokémon in ORAS. But they took the short route and just copied the Kalos facility. But they rubbed salt in the wound by having that little sign with "Now making the Battle tower, part of the battle Frontier project) and Masuda basically blaming mobile games and childrens short attention span on why they skipped it
ORAS would have been the perfect Pokémon game for me if they had that Facility
            Have you ever been to a theme park as a kid? Going to the Battle Frontier felt like going to one of those for the first time. It was EPIC. There were different attractions, each of them adding more variations with battles. For example, the Battle Dojo had different battle rules. The Battle Pyramid was like a randomly generated dungeon that you had to survive through. The Battle Factory allowed you to rent Pokemon to use. They kept the game fresh for hours and hours. 

If they had kept that, it would have added loads of replay value to ORAS, especially with the updated Physical/ Special split. 

But sadly we haven't had a good post game like that since B2W2.
                Team Rentals are available in...  shoot... maybe just Sw/Sh since then?

OK yeah, Battle Pyramid sounds pretty dang cool.

Edit: I wonder if someone's made an ORAS romhack based on Emerald that has a Battle Frontier.
                    Unfortunately map editing only pioneered on the (N)DS about three months ago, so all the 3DS hacks out there are mainly QoL changes.
    If they had just given ORAS the Battle Frontier, and maybe not have just handed out a lati, then ORAS would be one of the absolute best in the series. I still love ORAS, but Emerald is the superior Hoenn region game.
        Flying over the region like it was an airship from Final Fantasy just about made me cry from joy.  Plus being able to fly to routes, instead of PokeCenters only?  Hell yes.
            Really wish those cutscenes were skipable though lol
    ORAS is only good because it’s a remake of an already great game. They did the bare minimum to make it a remake too. Pokémon HG/SS is the perfect example of what a remake should be
        Agree to disagree. ORAS were great remakes, but having difficulty options and Battle Frontier as DLC would have made them absolutely perfect. They were great improvements to Gen 3, having Delta Episode, Zinnia, Wally, soundtrack, soaring, mega evolutions and many other great features. It's the most underappreciated game.
    I think ORAS was a huge dissapointment compared to the original Hoenn games. Games with xp share and mega evolutions were just steamrolled. And the lack of the battlefront tier just made it seem so much worse aswell. This game was the first pokemon remake I felt was a downgrade from the originals.
*Scoffs in BW2*
    B2/W2 are amazing too!
        Every game that serve as a direct sequel in pokemon are amazing
            Um. Isn't there only one (B2/W2)?
                GSC/HGSS
                    Isn’t that just a remake? Not a sequel but the same better with better mechanics and graphics?
                        I think he meant that those two games are direct sequels to the Kanto Storyline
                I'd argue Colosseum and XD as well.
        One of the best sequels for sure.
I agree 100% with literally every single point you made. BW were my first games and I still love them.
    Holy crap, thanks for all the upvotes everyone!
I personally started with Gen III but my favorite games are Gen V games they are really good, they give the best RPG feeling out of all other games, I think that hating on Pokemon designs is stupid because a bag of trash and a ice cone, how is that different from a ball of sludge, a literal pokeball, several birds that are just birds and a rat? (Don't get me wrong, I love Muk and Pidgeot but I'm being realistic) But that's my point of view, people hated them for being new, they were a soft reset to the series and tried to give the old Pokemon series a breath of fresh air but people hated them for this.
    are you me?
> I loved black and white when I was six and I still do now

This post made by a 16 yr old lol. Maybe now you can realize why most of the fan base loves the first gen so much. It was our first gen, just like how BW was yours
    I love gen I too, and I see no reason why people *shouldn't* love it. It's a great generation, the OG, and like you said, so many people started out with gen I. I just don't like when people get aggressive about their biases and degrade every other generation. I tried to avoid doing that in this post.
They were some of the best made games in the franchise, they just made a single decision that really affected people's enjoyment for it, that being the lack of old Pokemon. I personally fall into that category. I have so much respect for what they are, all that they did well, but they will always remain one of my least favourite Pokemon games. I mean, a game that almost made me stop playing Pokemon altogether isn't ever gonna be one I have a lot of fondness for. I think it was a very real problem, but I think it doesn't matter so much any more, and I think it is much easier to appreciate. 

This is why I think B2W2 is by far and away the best game the franchise has to offer. It takes all the good that BW had and takes away the one thing that people didn't like.
    [deleted]
        >My most enjoyable playthrough of B/W and B2/W2 has been when I generated my favorite team of 6 into the game, and played from the start.

I gained a lot more appreciation for BW when I did randomized Nuzlocke of it. Maybe not the orthodox way to appreciate the game, but it allowed me to look past the Pokemon issue and instead look at all the things BW did right.

>but Sword and Shield taught me the hard way that if I try to force myself to use new Pokemon in a game that doesn't have the ones I want, I'll ultimately default to familiar ones instead

SwSh was actually the first generation ever where I managed to use all new Pokemon in the generation in my first playthrough, but I absolutely agree. For example, in my XY playthrough I could have used all new Pokemon... But there were so many old Pokemon I had never used before, and I wanted to give them a spin. I ended up using a Greninja but that was the only gen 6 Pokemon I used, and my team ended up as Greninja, Lucario, Charizard, Bisharp, Snorlax and Garchomp, with Linoone, Butterfree and Dunsparce being notable members who dropped out of the team, and it never mattered to me that they weren't new Pokemon because... To me they kinda were. They were new to me.

That doesn't mean I avid using new Pokemon, I just like using Pokemon I think would be cool to use, and often that included old Pokemon I have never used. Lucario was my favourite Pokemon for so many years but I had never used it before, so I used it in Y. Charizard and Greninja were starters and I always like to use a starter if I have never used it before, so I used those. Garchomp had always been a favourite of mine as well, so I used that. I had become very drawn to Bisharp's design over the years, and so I used one of them. I had always wanted to use a Snorlax in Yellow but could never catch one, so I used one in Y. Being thrown into a generation where there are so many old faces meant I was able to finally use Pokemon I had wanted to for years. 

Being thrown into gen 5 when I had no idea who these Pokemon were... I didn't really have much reason to use them. I liked the look of Stoutland so I used that, I used Emboar as it was a starter, I used a Gigalith and Sawk because I caught them early and had no reason to swap them out, I used a Reuniclus because... I don't even remember why, and I got a shiny Audino so I used that. But in the end I felt so little connection to my team other than my shiny and my Stoutland that I ended up swapping half my team for Zekrom, and then an event Darkrai and Victini I got.

So yeah, I get why people like using all new Pokemon, but unfortunately not having the option there really hurts a lot of people's experiences.
    I totally agree. Isn’t like the only game where you can’t catch Pikachu or one of evos?
        It is. They actually made it impossible to catch any of the Pikachu line in B2W2 either, which is ballsy to say the least.
            Yep.. I spent waaay too long hunting Emolga in B2 recently because of this.

At least I know how to find Audino for leveling now too.
                Audino leveling is a godsend for getting new Pokémon on your team to current level. Only took me an hour to my Swablu up ten levels for an Altaria.
    Yeah, that's a totally valid point. I understand why people were upset with the lack of older Pokemon. I had an easy time with it because I had previously only watched the anime; B/W were my first Pokemon games. But I can imagine that people who were already attached to the older Pokemon games would not appreciate the complete lack of those Pokemon.
        Oh yeah, that is why they get so much popularity now. So many people started with gen 5, or onward. So the issues weren't really there. For older fans it was alienating; not seeing any old Pokemon was one thing, but in the gen 5 designs they clearly tried to include a lot of familiarity by making many of the new Pokemon share a lot of design or inspiration with previous Pokemon. But in doing so, they made it feel uncanny, more like a Pokemon knock off than anything. But for people playing it as their first game, what does that matter?

I also think that over time the game has become much more appreciated by even people who didn't like it back them for those reasons, just because ten years on, these new Pokemon aren't new Pokemon any more, they are well established in the series, they are now the familiar faces. I think time has honestly helped BW so much in its perceptions.
            I've been playing since Red and Blue, and I absolutely loved the fact that the old 493 were locked to the postgame. I was 18 when Black and White came out, and I felt like a kid again, exploring a new region and finding a brand new Pokemon in every patch of grass and every cave.

I personally loved the decision, but I also make it a point to never use a Pokemon that I've used in a previous run-through whenever I start a new game. There's almost 1000 Pokemon, and I've never understood why people stick to the same ones over and over tbh. Different strains Les for different folks, I guess.
            I'd been playing since Sapphire and the lack of old Pokemon didn't affect my enjoyment at all. I thought it was really cool having only new Pokemon, even though I can understand why the change in design philosophy can be off-putting. Besides, they're just data, and it's not like they were thrown in the trash and forgotten. You could still transfer all your old pals over once you've completed the main story.
                Oh yeah, for some people it worked and that was great, it's just that it wasn't for everyone. It was just a feeling, for me perosnally, something felt off, and it took me years to actually understand why that was.
    Imagine gen 5 remakes
        Honestly, we are likely to see them on the Switch, but I have always had this dream about them being on the next console, and it the next console makes heavy use of VR then it would be so awesome for gen 5 remakes to be in VR. After all, he was the experimental generation, and it would be nice for experimental stuff to be used for their remakes.
            Castelia city in VR... oh thats the dream i never knew i had
I don't hate gen vs designs as a whole - I recognize that a huge reason it has bad designs is because it had so many designs, but in terms of grimer vs Trubbish the difference is that the grimer line is cartoonish enough that its able to represent toxic sludge but not be too close that he' become unpleasant to look at, where as Trubbish and it's evolved form are too closely resemble rubbish backs and are increadibly  unpleasant to look at ( and for execute,. It at least evolves to something else)

As for Gen V as a whole, it's a pretty strong gen. I feel in general that it benefits a lot from just being able to take a lot of what of what the first 4 gens developed and sand down the rough edges.

Having said that, I do have one  major contention - I think given the completely new Pokedex and the ambitions of the story, the game just played things way to safe.

- IMO, a worse problem with the Pokedex than the poor designs in it are just how many Pokemon seem to be designed to be "the new X" like "the new Machamp" or "the new hitmons".
- related to that, a lot of the reoccurring roles at this point have become pretty boring - Emboar being the third fore fighting starter, three dragons as the main legendaries, a normal flying early bird etc. There is some experimentation here, I think emolga is the best Pikachu clone at this point, the big types are much stronger than usual and the swords of justice are really cool after two gens of dissapointing side trios, but if you're going to do something as bold as a completely brand new Pokedex you might as well go in.
- in terms of story, I know gen V tries harder than other games, but it's still not great - it has the problem that it asks questions that it can't honestly answer without destroying the premise behind the entire franchise- and honestly by now the 8 gym leaders + elite four has just been played out so many times.il V tries harder to sell it but doesn't shake the fundamentals enough to make it feel fresh
While Gen 5 is my favorite part of the series, it is important to acknowledge its flaws, most notably how many mainstay features were relegated to a now-defunct online service. Berry-growing and room decoration (Yes, it isn't included so much nowadays, but it was present in Gens 2-6 in some form) are gone forever for the Gen 5 games
In the coming years, "Gen 6 is the best" will be the popular opinion with the same reasons why as Gen 5 now. Can't wait for Gen 8's turn 😂
    I actually ran into a post today praising gen 6 and saying kalos had the best ideas and area designs. I was really surprised to see it so soon. 

Probably going to take a few more years before its a popular opinion, and many more before its not basically illegal to like gen 8. Kalos just needed more content and difficulty options and it would have been the best pokemon game. Hopefully we get some solid romhacks for them soon.
        In short, Kalos needed Pokemon Z. 😆
            Pokemon Z could have been lit.

Difficulty options.

All pokemon available.

Longer postgame.

10/10 game.
                X and Y had the most Pokemon available in the wild out of any game. And all the others can be traded over or found in friend safari
                    I'd include Friend Safari pokemon as being available "in the wild".  Sure, it's post game and requires contact with other people, but they're *catchable* rather than having to trade or transfer for them.

I was curious though, and found this list.  It's much shorter than I expected!  https://www.serebii.net/xy/unobtainable.shtml
        [removed]
            Yeah iv seen a few hacks for XY, they still don't really solve the postgame but they seem interesting. I haven't managed to try them yet though cause citra can't run hacks, and idk how to hack a 3ds. 
 
Also the cycle of people hating newer games is something I notice a lot I remember when you couldn't even mention gen 5 without people coming to tell you why pokemon was dead and gen 5 killed it. Now *everyone* loves gen 5. Same goes for gen 4, I remember everyone hating sinnoh with a passion.

I *personally* think gen 5 was a high point, but its weird seeing how an opinion I had years ago went from unpopular to popular. I think pokemons overall quality has only went up. Other than a slight difficulty decrease. I don't expect nintendo to give us something on par with renegade platinum difficulty, and if nintendo made a game as hard as reborn no one would be happy but the most dedicated players.
                Eh, hating the new version and praising the old ones is pretty dang common for just about any series or franchise out there, not even just video games.
                    Yeah its definitely not just a pokemon thing, iv been around the FE community long enough to know that. 

Another example would be halo, Halo reach was "the worst" when it came out. now everyone praises it. The new halo game that just got announced is also now being called a disappointment Not sure how people can be disappointed with a game they have never played lol. And the constant bashing of new games in FE annoys me to no end.
        Mean kalos had alot of good ideas ,just wernet excuted to well/if at all(powerplant area you can acces for example) or was veyr little of it
    people were praising gen 6 when it came out and it slowly got more hate over time, basically the opposite of black/white. Back in 2013-2016, people generally praised gen 6 more than gen 5 and it basically flipped around 2017 or 2018.
    I'm just waiting for gen 7's nostalgia time. I started with moon over a year ago and I absolutely loved it. Now having caught up with the rest of the series and playing Ultra Moon for the first time I love it even more. The story and Pokemon were incredible, in my opinion equel to gen 5.
    Well, I think everybody is entitled to their own opinion. Gen VI is my least favorite generation, but I won't judge anybody for liking it. Likewise, gen V is my favorite generation, but I won't judge anybody for disliking it.
    I really can't see this happening for any post 2D era game.
    Honestly it's my favorite gen and I've been playing since gen 2. True that the Kalos games were incomplete and definitely needed a sequel but I loved Gen 6.
As a long time fan, I didn't like BW so much but absolutely adored BW2. Actual post game content, better OST (with individual gym themes), more side areas, and with all of the cool new additions from BW.
why do people act like this is some hot take or u popular opinion
    I said in the beginning of the post that it's not a hot take??
        Nah not you. I’m Kinda generalizing the reply threads
I'll be honest, never understood the love of BW's story. I was incredibly disappointed with it - seemed like a great idea but for me, rather than cracking the ethical dilemma, it feels like we all just decide "actually fighting pokes is OK as long as we love them". It's a cop-out. And I didn't find N and especially the rivals interesting at all. B2W2 I just think have an outright bad story. In both cases, I hate how the story constantly feels like it's getting in the way of enjoying the game as well - a trend that has gotten a lot worse in the generations since.

So I'm afraid I'm no Gen V lover (and I do think it's the most overrated gen by fans, because I feel I can't go a day without seeing someone talk about how great they are), but what I will say is that I think they were the last great Pokémon games. B2W2, genuinely great games - the revamped region, visuals, sprites, music, postgame, atmosphere, it feels like proper Pokémon compared to what they serve up now. Every game since has missed the mark for me. But still don't think Gen V lives up to the potential that HGSS set for the series.
    It’s probably because the bar for Pokemon stories is so low that anything that goes beyond  “protagonist faces off vs bad guy organization and wins” and “legendary Pokémon has backstory” is seen as amazing lol. 

Black and White are fine games but the story seems way overrated. It’s not always coherent and not very original or deep either. It also gets in the too often  for a series that isn’t story driven like Pokémon. In my eyes B2 & W2 are far superior games and completely redeemed gen 5.

Also I think this gen 5 love we’ve been seeing a lot of recently is kids who grew up with and feel nostalgic for those games entering the discourse online - further evidenced by the fact that OP was six when B & W came out.
    The struggles the main rivals went through I found to be very relatable. Particularly, the realization that what they WANT to do and what they CAN do, aren't necessarily going to line up. That trying hard doesn't mean that you'll succeed. Growing up being bombarded by messages about how "you can do anything if you try hard enough uwu!1" I felt through most of my life that I was completely incompetent because I always tried hard but rarely succeeded, especially coming to the realization that I wasn't even good at the only thing I thought I was good at. To be shown a more down to earth and realistic perspective on things was a huge deal to me and genuinely helped me immensely. 

The thing with Ghetsis is that he was like a fascist leader - he blatantly lied to people about what their goal was because if they could convince people to willingly give up their pokemon, then they would be much easier to control. Those in high rankings parroted the lie, fully knowing it to be a lie, while he specifically raised N through literal abuse in order to manipulate him into genuinely believing the lie and thus more easily spreading it. The game did something no other pokemon games did in that they weren't speaking to us as the players, the story dialogue was primarily between the actual characters and wants the player to consider -their- perspectives, rather than our own in the real world. Like actual storytelling does. 

I wouldn't say B2W2's story was bad but I do think it was a disappointment after BW. It's still better than the rest of the pokemon games though, but it's still an obvious downgrade from BW in that aspect.
I agree pokemon peaked at gen IV and V
I remember back in like 2011/12 people absolutely hated BW. They were mostly attacking a few certain designs, but I remember being a kid and Loving the Vanillish and Litwick lines. I think that BW and Bw2 were the peak of Pokémon honestly.
Also one thing I like about Unova is how Ghetsis is portrayed:

Not only is he charismatic and vile and cunning, I could compare him to another villain in the means, motive, and opportunity department: Senator Armstrong from Metal Gear RR.

Motive: Ghetsis wants to rule Unova through N and the box legendary, Armstrong saw weakness and corruption in his counrty and wanted to govern without that weakness

Opportunity: Ghetsis created Team Plasma with the goal to "free" Pokemon from their "evil" trainers, when it is just to weaken the people of Unova, Armstrong illegally child harvested for soldiers

Means: Ghetsis has powerful offensive powerhouse Pokemon including Hydreigon, Armstrong is a powerful offensive powerhouse himself because NANOMACHINES, SON!

Senator Armstrong has powerful means, compelling motives, and great and terrifying opportunity. If Ghetsis is compared to Armstrong in a way, then Ghetsis IMO is a very scary villain.
Indeed. I really think B2W2 are the best Pokémon games of all times. Yeah, in BW I was a bit irked by the fact that old Pokémon were available _after_ the champion battle but the story, music, the atmosphere as you said so much made up for it. It was brilliant. The successor, B2W2 did exactly what it should've, follow up on the events of the first game, and somehow make it even better.
Hot take . We got limited Pokedexes because the fans reacted so poorly to having entirely new mons with no old Pokémon  . If you were spending countless hours on making new designs just to have people diss your old stuff wouldn’t you give more and more old stuff instead . We did it to ourselves I believe . Which is sad because new Pokémon is one of my favorite parts of Pokémon
    Unova and Galar pokemon were really great.
Honestly Unova is my favorite gen of all of them. I liked the slight blend of 3D and pixel art and if done well it could be used even today. I loved the atmosphere which was very near to the actual world. The city aspects were really well made and the soundtrack is awesome, especially the low HP theme. And obviously the story was a bit like Platinum, kinda dark but still friendly for everyone.

Also unpopular opinion: I really liked the concept of adding certain amount of Pokemon and letting only those during the campaign mode. They should do that more often
I agree, but I do think the Pokemon in gen 5 are relatively speaking the weakest. It still has some of my favorites like Hydreigon or Zebstrika, but there were so many new Pokemon that I just didn't like that much. 

Starters - They're okay, but after two gens of really cool Pokemon, these ones just didn't cut it. We just had a gen of dual type starters and these were all mono type. Serperior is cool, but the Grass type really didn't work in that gen. Emboar was the worst, especially after two previous fire/fighting Pokemon. I like Samurott, but it's nothing special. 

Regional rodent and bird - I think Watchog and Unfeazant are contenders for the worst regional rodent and bird. Bidoof and Bibarel are sometimes hated, but at least the memes were funny and they were actual great HM slaves. 

Elemental Monkeys - Some say Simisage is okay. If the other two didn't exist, this one might even be somewhat liked. But overall, these are 6 spots in the dex and they're the pretty much awful. 

Clones of older Pokemon - Gigalith, Swoobat, Conkeldurr, Throh, Sawk, Musharna, Audino, Garbador, Bouffalant and Amoonguss all have some similarities with specific Gen 1 Pokemon. The only one out of this list I actually like is Gigalith. The rest is average or worse. 

Legendaries - I think a lot of these legendaries look awful. The Swords of Justice aren't my favorites. The Forces of Nature are just awful. Even the box legendaries look like generic Dragons. 

And even then there's a bunch of Pokemon I just really am not a fan of. Heatmor, Durant, Druddigon, Stunfisk, Beheeyem, Klinklang, Alomamola, Vanilluxe , Crustle, Sygilyph, Maractus, Basculin, Lilligant, Leavanny, Seismitoad and Stoutland. 

There's just so many of them that I think are best average Pokemon. Which I don't really mind, it's kind of nice to have some more average Pokemon too. And I think some people are a fan of the ones I didn't like, like Seismitoad. 

And it's still very easy to get a decent team. Zebstrika, Excadrill, Scolipede, Krookodile, Darmanitan, Archeops, Zoroark, Ferrothorn, Galvantula, Eelektross, Chandelure, Haxorus, Golurk, Bisharp, Hydreigon and Volcarona. Making a team of just 6 of those is pretty hard, there's some really good choices in there. For a main team, some might not be available, though. 

Really, they just introduced far too many Pokemon. A lot of them really should have been scrapped. It was a brave choice, but they went too far and I think this is when they realized focusing on nostalgia works better. Which I think is silly, because I really like the new stuff too. But they should have found a healthier balance than just dumping literal garbage into our Pokeballs.
    Personally I think the starters have all been incredibly weak since gen 4. Sure there’s some exceptions like greninja and decidueye, but mostly they’ve been pretty lame. I still maintain that serperior is dope as fuck and I prefer gen 5’s 3 starters as a whole to any of the later starter trios since 6-8.
        Eh, I thought the Gen 6 starters were pretty good.
    Just giving my 2 cents on some of the points here:

Starters- I agree for the most part on what you said

Regional Rodent/Bird- Again, I mostly agree (Although I don’t think Unfeazant is that bad)

Elemental Monkeys- Again, I agree

Clones of older Pokémon- I disagree with the “average or worse” part for most of these. I think Pokémon like Swoobat, Musharna, Garbodor, Bouffalant, and Amoonguss easily outdo their Gen 1 counterparts.

Legendaries- I agree with the swords of justice and forces of nature point, but highly disagree with the box art legendary part. I think that Zekrom and Reshiram are some of the coolest legendaries that we’ve gotten (along with Black/White Kyurem). Also the mythicals of this gen were pretty cool too

Others- I can see why you don’t like these, but I personally think that most of them are pretty cool (Druddigon, Beheeyem, Vanilluxe, Crustle, Sygilyph, Maractus, Lilligant, Leavanny, Seismitoad)

Conclusion- I mostly agree with what you say here, although I understand why gf introduced so many new Pokémon
        I really don’t understand people not liking The Bouff
            Same, I always thought it was pretty cool, and also way more interesting than Tauros
                Strikes a balance between “this is an animal” and “striking design concept”

The rings on the horns combined with the hair is just great synergy of concepts. And even better it totally fits the North America theme. It’s the only bulky straight up normal type I’ve really wanted on my team since like Snorlax

Also... Braviary anyone? I’ll go to the grave saying it looks cooler than Staraptor
                    Same on the Braviary vs Staraptor area. Too bad it’s only available in White though
                        Truly. I guess it’s too specific

Edit: oh you meant as opposed to black. Yeah you’re right. Can’t remember the vultures name but it was not an even trade off
        i think what they hate most with unfeazant is that he has a solid attack stat but the best flying stab move that he can get is a 60 base power aerial ace, and all (except sky attack) of his flying movepool learnt through levelling up are special.
    Think some fans throw shades the elemental monkeys and the Incarnate forms of the Kami trio are closest Pokemon have to palette swaps. It is quite noticeable in the latter that they are roughly identical save for colour, their tails and the details on their head.
If you think about it, the controversy surrounding B/W could be why GF doesn’t like taking risks anymore
    ?? They’ve definitely been taking a bunch of risks in their games. Gen 7 changing the gym battle format, introducing Let’s Go Pikachu/Eevee as a totally new formula for wild battles, SwSh has a ton of risks with the wild area, no national dex, and getting rid of the victory road/elite four set up. Just because a risk wasn’t well-perceived doesn’t mean it wasn’t a risk
        Good points. Completely overlooked some of that stuff!
Black and White aren't my personal favourite Pokemon games simply on the basis that I thought the generation had too many legendary Pokemon that I didn't care for. I also consider Gens I-III as being more consistent with the quality of Pokemon design, and I prefer Hoenn as a region.

*However*, I couldn't argue against the points you make and neither would I want to. Whilst I can't say I'd praise the story as much as a lot of the fanbase, I can appreciate that it felt different, a bit darker. It felt like effort went into it. 

I also have high praise for the decision to include only new Pokemon until the postgame. At the time I was a bit torn on this as I didn't care much for many of the new Pokemon, but I quickly grew to love it. It took me a bit longer to warm up to the new Pokemon as well but I've become far less critical of the newer designs over time (still, fuck Vanilluxe).

Ultimately my opinion on the Gen V games is that even if I have some complaints about it, it feels like a lot of effort went into them. It feels like Game Freak weren't afraid to take some bold decisions. It didn't feel half arsed or stale. I'm not sure I can say the same about any of the later games.
Got Soulsilver and White 2 on my DS back then. Best pokemon games I've played, along with Emerald. And Escavalier is one hell of a pokemon, too. I love the film studio minigame too.
I'm not a fan of b&w mostly because so many pokemon were locked on post-game. Imo there should be much more variety in what types of pokemon routes offer or then just expand the map. This is one reason why I haven't really enjoyed pokemon since x&y.

I also didn't like the artstyle of the characters or those pokemon sprites. Yes they were "moving" but they looked very awkward.

Still, b&w could be great remakes.
    So HGSS were the last ones you enjoyed?
It’s also when Game Freak could still meet the scope of similar games on the platform. I think as the hardware advanced they’ve only gotten worse, or at least not shown the growth you’d find in other games on the platform. Partially, I blame Pokémon Co. for not giving the games a proper dev cycle for those standards.
Dude... this is amazing. Can you talk about every game in the series?
I'm not arguing with you. My favorite normal Pokemon came from Gen 5. Audino is my baby.
    Audino is so cute. My second favorite normal next to snorlax
Honestly I see this trend reoccur in the Pokemon Community: Games have a lot of controversy at release, but after time, they are loved.

Note: The opinions I will be stating are not necessarily mine, but the general opinion the community had, and what I predict the community will think about newer games in some years.

Kanto: Did not have this problem since it was the first.

Johto: Too early for me to know 

Hoenn: Was critized because the Pokémon design style started changing, there was too much water (even though it was almost a meme, it was a big criticism), and the villains were dumb. Now it is remembered for great setting diversity, beloved pokemon (from cool designs [Aggron] too cool concepts [Shedinja]), and even though the villains are dumb they have great thematic symmetry, did you know that there are as many water routes as land routes... that thematically fits for the region.

Sinnoh: Critized for the new direction the designs were going (noticing a trend?), slow pacing, no jerk rival, bad type diversity (*cough* Fire), and a really cliche story. Now it is probally the most beloved new game (remakes don’t count). People love the designs (Rhyperior can now be considered cool for example), Cyruss and the Distortion world is sick, Champion is great, and the mythical events were great.

Unova: Critized for bad designs, bad Experience system, old Pokémon only in post-game, no jerk rivals. Change in general opinion is currently on going. The trend we are seeing and will start seeing is this: People now like many designs (not trubbish, but Haxorus, All the bugs, Zoroark, Cofagrigues, Krookodile, Bisharp, Gigalith, Chandalure, and so on), the Exp system makes the game more balanced and difficult, post-game is big, many new Pokémon, and the best story.

Kalos: Critized for being a short game, an easy game, no post game, few pokemon, lack-luster designs, friendly rivals. Will be remembered for: Megas are sick, new Pokémon aren’t lackluster but original in concept, Megas are sickkkk, quality over quantity.

Alola: Critized for no gyms, long tutorial, few Pokémon, many cut scenes, Z-moves are flashy but not fun, Hau is a friendly rival. Will be remembered for: Being new and shaking the formula, Totem Pokémon feel more like normal bosses than gyms, regional variants, no HMs, for the second time they cared about plot (B/W first), Lillie and Gladion’s character development.

Galar: Critized for not living up to the switch, no nat dex, bad plot, few pokemon, bad design direction, shallow environment, bad evil team, dynamax is bad, easy game. Will be remembered for having DLC not a third version, good and creative Pokémon designs, great rivals because we have jerks and friends, great character development (Mostly Hop), continues with regional variants, great gym implementation, dynamax is more inclusive of a mechanic than Megas and Z-moves.

All games are heavily and kinda unfairly Critized at release, of course the criticism are valid, but because we don’t care after some time it shows that the problem is blown out of proportion. At any rate the community eventually will love the games as time passes and the community moves on to critizing the new games. It’s an unfortunate cycle for the new games, but if we look at the positives, the cycle is predicable so we know we just have to wait for our favorite games to get the recognition it deserves, and it really does push our wants towards GameFreak. Just keep this cycle in mind upon new releases.
    Galar is definitely loved for pokemon, soundtrack and gyms.

Also, Alola will also be remembered for legendaries (especially Ultra Necrozma).

&#x200B;

Kalos needed Pokemon Z.

&#x200B;

Unova rivals weren't jerks, but I still loved them because of great character development. And the only so called bad designs (Garbodor, Vanniluxe, Klinklang) were better than 80% of those horrible Kanto pokemon, which were so boring and plain.
This is the most r/pokemon post ever made.
    I really can't tell if this is an insult or an observation lol.
No one can argue the music of unova slaps
I'm really glad to see all the Gen 5 love more recently. Black and White were definitely my favorite games when they released, and I think that the more disappointing directions that the franchise has taken recently have been more or less a direct response to the criticism of Gen 5, which is a shame. Technically BW2 had more content, but the soft reboot and more unique direction the first ones took was some of the bravest (and best imo) decisions that game freak made.
Gen 5 as a whole is amazing. I used to be a gen 3 stan for the longest time (and in a certain capacity, I still am), but replaying gen 5 was an absolute joy.
Totally agree.
I read the title and agreed but decided to see the bullet points, I read just that and still agreed but kept on going... and I still agree. Gen V will always have a place in my heart, with my two favorites coming from there. Great work pointing all of this out.
I think one of the main reasons the designs were mocked is because people actually didn’t get the point of the designs. People thought GameFreak ran out of inspiration because many of the Pokémon were reimaginings of Gen 1. Vanillish is meant to be an ice Magenemite, while Trubbish is meant to be Grimer. I’ll also point out, this was the first time James Turner did designs, and most of the ones mocked were by James Turner. Which, I can see why, he’s an American, and even when we emulate Japanese styles, there’s always something that gives away that it’s not Japanese. So, I’m sure that factored into it. But yeah, the fact that people thought they ran out of ideas actually kinda shows the designs worked, because they should be reminiscent of older Pokémon.
Pokémon Black and White/Black and white 2 are my favourite ever Pokémon games! :)
Gen V was my first ever Pokemon game, and I always found it odd that people were so harsh on it. Maybe this stems from a place of bias and childhood, but I will always say that Gen V is one of the best generations out there. It just has so much personality in the story, the Pokemon, the characters, the region, the artstyle itself... I wish there was a modern mainline Pokemon game that could be just as good as any of the DS-generation games or could renew that same experience I had when I crossed Skyarrow Bridge or walked through Castelia City.
I hated them on launch as well as when I went back to them after X and Y, but I respect that others love them. I actually just picked up Black the other day and plan to give it another try soon. I hope I can finally get as much enjoyment out of it as you and many others :)
    I hope so too!
Gen 5 will always be my favorite Gen with Gen 3 second. My favorite mon from all the games is a Unova one, Unfezant! Always loved Gen 5 music.
Soundtrack you say? *Remembers* *Driftveil* *masterpiece* *exists*. Ah right, soundtrack
I'm currently replaying black and white and trying desperately to find a copy of black and white 2. The games are just amazing. Platinum, HeartGold/SoulSilver, and the Black and White series are just absolutely incredible. The designs, maps, music, and feel of the games are just untouched in excellence compared to others. Don't get me wrong, others were good, like all of the Gen 3 games (especially Emerald) or the new ideas of the later gens (like mega Evo) but they just fell short. They just didn't have the character that these games had. And it shows.
For me, personally, Emerald was the best Pokemon experience I've ever had. something about it was magical...like Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap.
    Legend of Zelda Minish Cap is still one of my favourite zelda games and gba games, it was soo awesome!
The big problem with B/W’s lineup is that it makes it come off as a Pokémon knockoff. Especially things like Pidove. I’m not completely against the idea of just new Pokémon, but it isn’t sustainable.

Plasma is my favorite team. On one level I’m glad they had people running around in a Pokémon game telling people that dog fighting is bad for pets but they just didn’t go through with it. At no point in the game was there any clear sign of pets suffering from abuse so the only attempt the IP has ever made of addressing the elephant in the room comes off like a bunch of misguided idiots who are pawns in a plot for world domination.

I think that covers my major thoughts. Still, to each their own
    I agree. BW had some seriously strong designs, that wasn’t my problem with them. They just didn’t feel like *Pokémon* designs. They felt like knockoffs, they changed the art style and went with more rounded edges and more details and that just threw me off. I saw a leaked image of the starters two years before it released and I genuinely thought it was fake. I tried to like BW, it’s the only series where I bought both games, but I felt little motivation in filling my dex and making a team when I hated or forgot about 90% of the Pokémon. Which sucks because I really love the animated sprites and the region. I just didn’t like the Pokémon.
Your introduction to Pokemon was B/W and you’re this well spoken? Christ I’m old
For the record, I started my Pokemon journey with the OG Red back when I was 12, so I've been here for the whole ride...

...and B/W are EASILY my favorite game in the series. There's a lot of things I think it did right (best antagonist, best villain team overall, one of the better region designs, I actually LIKE a lot of the Pokemon designs, one of the better post-games), BUT if I had to narrow down why it's on top...it's the story. 

That's not to say it's a masterpiece of video game writing or anything, but it did one thing most games in the series haven't, that made the whole thing feel so much more cohesive...*it tied the gym challenge and saving the region plots together.* One of the biggest issues I have with later games in the series (and Sw/Sh are REALLY guilty) is that the "save the world" bit is increasingly shoe-horned in and jarring. It's a weird tone and context switch that doesn't always feel natural and typically isn't well-executed (again Sw/Sh in particular are guilty of this, X/Y also deserve a call-out).

Meanwhile, in B/W...the villain's goal IS to win the Pokemon League. You doing the gym challenge is *how you stop* the evil team. It cuts down on the awkward "welp, forget this competition, gotta save the world real quick brb" moments when doing what you normally do IS saving the world. I've been of the opinion for a while that the series either needs to a. drop the evil teams/plots and focus just on gyms or b. drop the gyms and just focus on a story; B/W is the proof they can marry the two and make it feel natural, if they wanted.

fwiw, I also don't mind the "no old Pokemon" thing; forces you to make a new team, and the B/W designs are underappreciated on the whole. The main problem I have with the game is that it has the worst group of starters in the series, but that's pretty easily ignored.
Omg you're so brave for circlejerking and regurgitating the same shit everyone else says.
I wholeheartedly agree with this post, and I believe this since I was 11, best 2D pokémon (I prefer all the 3D ones because mega evolutions and buzzwole, no sword and shield)
Black and White/Black and White 2 are probably my favorite generation to replay. I wasn’t a big fan of them when they came out (I was a sophomore in high school at the time) but they’ve grown on me a lot over the years. The new Pokemon are great and the music is one of the best imo, though each generation has great music.
Strangely I'm replaying this now. Only thing I really miss is the L=A button! I often play one handed and I've found I'm a lotttt slower playing through this than I was on Platinum! I know they brought it back for the sequel but still! 
Not bad that that's the only thing I moan about.
B/W and BW2 were honestly my favorite Pokemon games :)
When I was young (9) they were my last pokemon game, and I found em weird/average because everything felt so new. Now that I'm 20 and I've played a lot of the newer games I genuinely believe they were the best pokemon games of the franchise
I agree with every point you’ve made! I’ve always been trying to tell others about how B/W is and always be my favourite. It just sets a whole different feeling compared to the other games. I always go back to my DS to play it again. And the other games do not have the same effect on me haha. I’ve also got friends who tell me that they’re angry with the Pokémon designs, and like you said, what about other Pokémon like Ekans? Don’t get me started on how they got the name lol!
I just remembered being so excited to buy Pokémon white when it got announced. I’d regularly check online to see what news came out. I’d spend hours looking at possible Pokémon designs and I just loved it. 

And then it came out and I just loved it even more. The designs for the towns and cities were so amazing to me. There was so much to do in the game besides just becoming champion. It wasn’t just being able to catch old Pokémon either. You could get Kyruem and go to the black city/ white forest. I spent hours just walking aimlessly around the map because I loved how the areas looked. I’ve never been more excited to play a Pokémon game before and I haven’t been that excited since honestly.
I'm one of those people who still really dislikes these games. I'm sure, like you said, the fact I didn't grow up with these games is a factor. However, when you've played four generations before this you start to expect better of a series.

It's graphics look pixelated, it's map is linear, its Pokedex is filled with clones of existing Pokemon (Tympole line - Poliwag line, Timburr line - Machop line), and it's story... Well I'll get a lot of flax for this (as usual) but it's story is just horrendous, something you'd find in a bad Final Fantasy game.

I'm sorry, I just don't understand the appeal.
    Don't apologize for having a different opinion, that's the way people work. I love B/W, but I don't expect everybody else to love B/W. :)
Honestly I’d say X and Y are like the best in the franchise idk why maybe nostalgia from getting it the day it came out and playing it with my friends but something about it just feels so fresh and you gotta love how it introduced clothes,Freind safari,And new ways to shiny hunt it’s just all so amazing
I agree with all of this, and imo BW2 were the best games in the series
I gotta add that the leveling mechanics were the best in the series. It was the perfect in between of being grindy like the old games and braindead like the newer ones.
    although grinding is really easy in B/W, because having a Lucky Egg on a Pokemon and then fighting a bunch of wild Audino is extremely broken for leveling.

i know, because i recently replayed Black, and turned my level 10 Drilbur into a level 34 Excadrill within only about 45 minutes just by having it hold a Lucky Egg and battling wild Audino in the outer area of Pinwheel Forest.

then i did the same thing with my level 18 Pignite and got it into an Emboar in only an hour
        Oh, really? I don't think I ever did that. But I like that you actually have to use Pokemon to level them. But that does seem like a little too easy.
            yeah, since Audino give out tons of EXP, they make grinding much easier, although not too many people know that.
I just wish they could do stories in Pokémon like they did in BW. That was such a fun time. N was the most intriguing Pokémon character since Giovanni.
Let’s also not forget to mention B2/W2. Those were also really unique games in the fact that they were a sequel to B/W.
Man, I wish more people realized this back when it came out. Now we have SwSh.

The Pkm community just can't seem to be happy for what they have.
God the music in Gen 5 was just so good overall.
Route 19’s Fall version (the starting route in B2/W2) is still far and away my favorite route theme out of all the games, and we’ve had some really good route music in the past.
Best generation and the best 4 games in the series

Everything was amazing except for the anime. We don’t talk about the trash that was the anime.
Glad you also enjoyed B/W as your first game.
Definitely. I'd gladly say Generation 5 was the best the series has seen yet.
Black and White were my least favorite. Black 2 and White 2 are my favorite. Gen V was weird for me.
I quit for a while after B/W after playing from Gen 1. The grind was brutal, I didn't really like the general aesthetics, although there were a few really cool cities. Outside of Braviary, Bisharp, and Excadrill, there weren't many designs in the generation I liked. The difference in the endgame for Black City and White Forest made me feel ripped off as a Black owner, since I had no idea how the city development mechanic worked until everyone was gone. I always thought N came off lame, like a weak version of the "girl in the briefcase" trope. 

The most painful part was how general game play felt so grindy, from all the grunts having Patrats and Watchogs to needing to hunt Audino to get any kind of decent XP. I hated how badly I was punished for trying to switch 3 members of my team out across the span of the game, it added hours to the grind in a way that sucked more than normal.

I know the community here loves Unova, and I'm glad it resonates with them, but I personally don't like anything in particular about the generation. I just replayed at least one entry from every generation, and Black was the one I abandoned the fastest after finishing, short of maybe X.
The “peak Pokemon generation” changes like all the damn time
    I mean, it's an opinion, so naturally you'll get different answers from different people at different times.
I love Gen 5 as well, best Pokemon Games so far for sure.
Almost. Cried. On. My. Discord. Proclaiming the love for this generation 😭
Absolutely agree. Those are my fondest memories of Pokemon
I liked Black and White when they came out but at the time it was my least favorite gen. I have since really come to appreciate gen 5 though.
black and white gave me my favorite mon hydreigon and for that i will forever appreciate these games.
Definitely agree. Might have to play them again to be sure, but I remember how special my first playthroughs of BW and BW2 were. They may well be in my top 3 gens tbh.
This is everything I love about Unova and more! This individual has spoken nothing but the truth and I couldn't agree more! It makes me cry tears of joy when I hear someone talk about Unova the same way I would because it just proves how much love it's gotten over the years!

Thank you so much for appreciating my home as I appreciate it!
I hated Black and Black 2 when I played them on release. I didn’t play them after my first runs. In fact, I quit Pokémon for 2 years because of B2 but my brother convinced me to pick the games back up because he loved XY and I too fell in love with that game. However, right now I’m doing a replay of Black, and replaying the game I am LOVING it. I’ve been thinking about doing a similar post as this to discuss the things I disliked back then, in comparison to whether I like those things or not now and how I think they add to the games to make them very good Pokémon games.
Damn I really should go back and play gen 5. I got burned out on the series then and was too bored to start it. Gen 6 pulled me back in but I never went back. Gotta dig up my 3DS from storage.
I actually enjoyed B&W quite a bit with the storyline & pokemon, but just due to the fact that it was on DS and comparing to other games, wasn't a fan of the graphics. Top 3 imo is ORAS, B&W, HGSS. Bottom 3 is USUM, SM, Gen4.
100% agree with everything you just posted. B/W easily my favourite games
The weather/season setting was fuckin amazing.
It wasn't just "A" high point. Let's be real, it was THE high point.
Gen 5 is my favorite, followed by gen 4. Both were fantastic time for me and probably the time I had the most interest in Pokémon. The surprise end of BW after you defeat the elite 4 caught me by a surprise and it was finally the one time Pokémon tried to make a good narrative and surprises to the formula.
That gym battle theme was nuts.
I think black and white sucked, b2w2 were epic tho
I played yellow. Silver. Then played black. Then White 2. X and Y. Alpha sapphire. 

White 2 and X and Y are my favorites. 

I loved Unova. I had no idea it was a disliked gen
    Not so much now, but when B/W first came out, a lot of people didn't like it.
Pokemon White was my first game. I absolutely adore Gen 5.
Unpopular opinions: b/w’s story is of no higher quality then any other Pokémon game (not saying it’s bad) but I think they could have gone further with the mature themes.

N Is (IMO) overated mainly because I find his characterisation under developed AKA his opinion is literally just PEoPLe TrEAt PoKeMmOn bAd an idea he just forgets in the end.
Platinum thru BW2 was the definitive era for pokemon
People shitting on the ice cream and garbage Pokémon are ignoring all those wonderfully designed gen 1 Pokémon, such as pokéball, pokéball but upside down, bulge, three bulges, rock with arms, bigger rock with arms, sludge, more sludge, eggs, fat palm tree, nicki minaj, and goop.
Grr blak and wite good now giv upvote
It's a shame the fans have been irresponsible back then and complained about superficial shit. Which caused the franchise to be condemned to be a walking cashgrab produced under the law of least effort.
Does anyone else get bored of this? It's like every week there's a 2K upvote post detailing why *this* Generation is a high point in the series. Like yes, it's perfectly fine that you like Gen 5, I think Gen 5 is good too, but there are several other posts that feel the exact same like this one. It's really frustrating.
When I first played black I deadass hated it. I had just finished HGSS, which was a damn masterpiece and I loved it, it was my all time favorite game. Then I got black and was taken aback since the beginning: it didn’t look like there were many improvements from gen 4, I didn’t like the moving sprites, they were too hard at first (keep in mind that I was 10), so I stopped playing after the flying type gym. Now I’m planning on replaying it
    I recommend it! Your opinion may not change, but it's worth trying it out again!
        I think it will definitely change. I already played B2W2 and I loved it a lot. Among the best in the franchise imo
I started in kanto but when I played through unova I realized it was my favorite game. I like to think that kanto is my home and unova is my throne since it was the first game i have beaten the Pokemon league. Sry for my English
YEAH! I started with black, so I’m a little biased, but I agree with every point here. B/W got too much hate, and honestly I really love most of the Pokémon. My starter was Oshawott, and honestly people tend to hate on Emboar and Superior but I still think they hold up.
I made a similar [analysis](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/hgx9zy/why_pokemon_black_and_white_are_the_best_games_in/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) not too long ago. Great post; Gen 5 for life!
[deleted]
    I stated near the beginning of the post that this is a pretty popular opinion.
        [deleted]
            I understand what you mean, but I still think people should be able to express their own opinions, even if it gets repetitive. I respect that not everyone is going to agree with what I say in this post, but I personally feel that I should be able to post it. And the fact that it got a response is out of my control. 

I'm not totally disagreeing with you. I get that it's probably exhausting to see the same opinions expressed over and over again. I just don't think that people should be prevented from expressing those opinions simply because they've been expressed before.
This post came across as genuine and instead of being aggressive or fishing for sympathy, this post just goes over what the games did well.
    I'm glad it came off that way, that's what I was hoping for. I didn't want to present this opinion like it was a fact, or like it was the only valid opinion. I just wanted to put this opinion—which is purely my own, and certainly not the only opinion—out there :)
It isn't an opinion buddy. Black and White were the APEX of Pokemon. No other games can even come close to the music, design, story, characters, gyms, gym leaders, Elite 4, Champion, and more that Black and White had.

They are a masterpiece of gaming. And no other Pokemon game (besides Emerald if it had the physical special split) can even come close to saying that. Ever since then Pokemon has been declining. I personally believe that Gamefreak knows that they can't make anything better than it. They actively try to ignore it with Mega Evolutions and other things, and they try to make everyone forget Gen 5.

No one can forget the absolute perfection of a series.
    While I agree with you, it *is* an opinion. Just a popular one.
    Champion? Cynthia is clearly the best.
I would actually disagree with all of it. Gen 4 is the best. But Gen 5 is my second favorite, no doubt. Those two generations were the peak of the franchise. 

Also Team Plasma Grunt theme is probably the best battle theme in the series. I actually bump that shit while playing other games.
It sucks that the sequel games are some of the worst selling Pokemon games of all time, lower than even USUM.
I loved that you only caught unova pokemon too (but unfortunately people didnt like that and now they complain about old pokemon being overused?). Gave me an entirely new and fresh pokemon experience. It was also fast paced and didn't feel slow like gen 4.
Its a lot easier to appreciate with bb/vw
One thing that is more about the gen itself and not the games is that, unlike Johto, Hoenn, Sinnoh and maybe even Kanto, the Original BW Manga doesn't have >!a cheap fakeout death.!< You'll know what I mean if you read the Mangas. Although maybe that does happen in the BW2 manga and I just didn't see it.
On a related note, does anyone know the best place to buy Black 2 or White 2? I’ve found a lot of questionable scam sites (e.g. Nintendo-Memories), and copies on Amazon are quite expensive. Should I just bite the bullet and pay $100 for one? Or is there a better place to look?
I loved the dream world. They got rid of it but when it was around it was fun and the concept was fun and it fit in with one of the story events that introduced it. It wasn’t just some machine you had and could communicate with. It felt personal and it’s your Pokémon and was really just some meaningless fun.
Yesss. I would say that the graphics in BW were *the* high point though. So much was lost when they went to 3D, and they haven't really recovered visually since then.
I feel kind of bad for never having truly played B/W.
I own a copy but I was given it after newer pokemon games came out and new graphics and QoL changes had spoiled me, making it hard to enjoy the older game. But I can still appreciate what it brought to the series.
I'd like to add a point about the pokemon. I'd say a highlight for me was that you only had the new Pokemon to catch in the wild until postgame. It helped me learn a lot about the new Pokemon and also learn to like a lot of them. In newer games, it takes ages to find some of the newer Pokemon in the wild, like a female salandit or oranguru for example. 

I know a lot of people didn't like this when the games were released, but I found it to be a nice feature.
I disliked all the Starters, serpiroyal was boring, boar just another fighting fire type, that honestly Just wasnt as cool as Blaziken or infernape and samurott Had huge Potential, but i was envisioning a humanoid Samurai that wields a Katana and i didnt get that, so i despise how he actually turned Out, the story was great and i loved many other Mons, but the Game never felt as good as the ones i played before. Retrospectively i appreciate them way more than when i first played them as a child, but just because i didnt Love them the First time i probably never will Like them as mich as Platinum or Heartgold or Saphire. The complete opposite was the Case for X/Y was the Case btw. Like 2/3 Starters a lot and allthough the Games have many flaws i connected with them more deeply and also discovered Competetive play, so there are many good memories to make me forget the flaws.
Because TPC always adds and removes things people loved or hated in nearly every generation, I feel like its much more likely for it to be the case that whatever generation a person starts with will be their favorite. Loved B/W, but Emerald will always be my fave. But I would kill for a gen 4 remake these days...
I strongly recommend trying the Blaze Black 2 or Volt White 2 ROM hack (not sure how well received those are in this sub) but I’ve been playing through them and they add such a perfect level of difficulty and enjoyment to the game that I’ve been looking for in Pokemon games for a while, it’s what I wish Sword and Shield was.
I always found Black and White to be the games that brought me back hardcore to pokemon, since I found Gen IV incredibly disappoint to the point where I Still don't see what people see in DPE.

&#x200B;

But Unova was a great region, very fun to play in, lots of urban fun, ruins, caves and the like and all the pokemon you could catch pre-E4 were all brand-new. Something I always do in Pokemon games is that I always try to beat the game with a Pokemon party that consists of pokemon new to that generation, so I found it hard to to do this on Gen IV.
Accumula town has the best theme along with castelia
I don’t really remember much about my first experience with Black. It was my first Pokémon game (mainline, I got Pokémon Dash prior to getting Black), so I have a lot of attachment to the Gen V games, so whenever I see someone say “Gen 5 bad”, I get depressed because those were pretty good games (except for Lenora, she did a very bad thing). Gen 5 had some of the best designs for Pokémon, like Eelektross, the starters, Zoroark, the legendaries, the Flying types, the Psychic types, the fossil Pokémon, god it was all so cool!

Skyla’s a hella cute gym leader, and I’m glad we got a bit of Gen 5 appreciation.

Side note: The reason I called out the Gen 5 psychic and flying types specifically, is because they’re all pretty cool, especially Reuniclus and Therian Thundurus (not Landorus Therian, it too did a very bad thing).
I would agree, I would also say the DS era of pokemon is the best, even if diamond and pearl was a little slow.
B/W are so underrated it’s great to see more love for them
I disagree. I was so disappointed in Black and White that I actually took a break from Pokemon for a while. A lot of it stems from the fact that they came out right after HeartGold/SoulSilver, which I consider the best games in the franchise.
Honestly the one thing that really let B/W down for me was the region design itself. My two favourite things about Pokemon games are the exploration of the region and the pokemon designs (and I agree - gen 5 has some of THE BEST pokemon designs in the franchise, and I still consider Snivy to be the best designed grass starter full stop).

My main problem then is that Unova is so linear... And half of the bloody region is locked off until the postgame! I really liked how the seasons changed the way you explore the routes, but having to WAIT to fully explore a route or fudge the internal clock wasn't cool. Hoenn remains my favourite pokemon game because there's so much stuff to explore and loads of places that are completely optional (shoal cave, the sky tower in R/S, half of the underwater map, the mirage island, regi caves etc.). Its why I personally prefer B/W2 even though the story and characters are a lot weaker - it makes the map a bit less linear.
Even the cartoon was more "gamish" in introducing abilities and type inmunities. Also it "explained" how rocks and attacks"materialized" from the air.

I liked the diversity and surprises for new Pokemon. In sword/shield I was actively trying to avoid old Pokemon because I thought that there will be no fun if I focus on a meta team from the start.
The reusable TMs
I feel like we can all agree that black and white some of the best in Pokemon
Oh yeah, if BW is so great, then why isn't there a BW2?....wait.
In my opinion black and white was the very peak of the games. B2w2 was when it started going downhill because pokemon realized people wouldnt complain if they remade almost the same game and added a 2 or an ultra to the front or back of the title. We've have a few games that went back up but not to the point we used to be at. And I dont think we will get back to that pack till gen four starts getting remade.
My girlfriend started with X/Y and just started b/w last week. Her reaction to the epic anime opening cutscene with N being crowned and everything was priceless. She had never seen anything like it before
I totally agree! I started playing Pokémon during Gen 4 but never got too into it. However, when Gen 5 came out I was blown away at the amazing story. Although it's designs are not my favorite, Gen 5 is undoubtedly my favorite game overall. The developers really pushed the limits of what a Pokémon game could be.
Where can I buy a legitimate copy of Black and White/ BW2? Don’t want to risk an ebay sale or a broken used copy at a cetain bankrupt used games dealer. Gen 5 is the ONLY one I haven’t played.
Pokémon fans when B&W came out: wE DoNT LiKE iT

Pokémon fans now: this game was amazing, it represented everything this franchise does right, I always loved it no matter what anyone said
I loved how they had that small area in the city where you could catch Eevee. Was the 1st time you could get them in the wild iirc.
Stopped reading at Chandelure being a favorite Pokemon design, lol
I agree with you B/w and it’s sequels were the end of an era and the last good games in the series...and in general super good they don’t deserve the hate they get

Also you didn’t even bring up seasons and cool things like the bridges or towns having NPC’s that joined in with the soundtrack.
i dislike the starters (i'd box them) and the straightforward routes in the game, but tbh b/w is one of the best pokemon games that i played (esp storywise)
The *N's Castle* theme was also good, although I prefer the Smash Ultimate variant. Really nice either way!
I would’ve enjoyed BW a lot more of I only liked the Pokémon themselves more. I hate the fact that I don’t fancy any of BW’s Pokémon save for a few like Stoutland or Eelectross.
I'd agree, but with Black and White 2.

BW are still great but I'd put them in the Emerald, Ultra games, Hoenn and Kanto remakes tier of great games while Black and White 2 are easily in the Platinum and Johto remake of the best games ever made.


They had a decent story, memorable characters, tons to do post-game, but most importantly...they were really hard compared to recent or older games. Like they gave in game trainers competitive movesets and it's amazing how that little extra challenge kept me more invested in the turn by turn of the game.
I really like platinum, I feel like DP&Plat has the best legendaries out of any generation, that being said, the Pokémon introduced in Gen 4 were extremely formulaic and you can easily see the crap that GameFreak was pulling. I really like B&W and even though the legendary Pokémon aren’t as unique in my opinion, B&W has the most unique Pokémon in general, and other than Piplup my favorite Pokémon come from B&W
    I don’t really feel like they were pulling crap with that Gen. Gen 4 felt like THIS IS WHAT YOU *WANT* where they threw evolutions and babies and amazing legends into the mix. Then Gen 5 was like THIS IS WHAT YOU *NEED*. 

I love 4 and at the time I didn’t get to play 5 very much but I remember people being upset about it and many loving it. Now having gone back I see that 5 has some great Pokemon and is a solid Gen.
        By formulaic I mean D&P had one “early starter bird Pokémon” one “early starter normal Pokémon” (usually some kind of rat) “early starter bug Pokémon” (usually a worm and will end up as a butterfly) and it felt the same with all the other generations, they’re just making the same Pokémon with a new name and slightly different design. I felt like Gen 5 really pushed it and tried to be more unique.
I unironically love the Trubbish and Vanillish lines. As someone who grew up on the Gen 4 TCG I felt that these Pokémon brought a new level of humor whereas most of the Pokémon previously were mostly either super fierce or super cute. Trubbish and Vanilluxe are just... aloof! And I love that and no one’s ever going to change my mind on that.
Soundtrack gives me nostalgia.
I've been replaying black and white out of nostalgia and I was surprised when they were areas I could explore openly and my were not healed constantly so the game has actual difficulty. I guess I'm just used to modern Pokemon I've been a fan since the beginning honestly black and white are the Highpoint for me as well.
I believe generation 5 not selling all that well is why we're not getting games that experiment look at the new games being so safe nostalgia baiting. Also it's hypocritical to hate most of the new designs for being similar to older Pokemon when the exact same people get excited for regional variants.
I loved the design they are my favourite poke in gen even tho I play since the first game but god damn black and white are so easy it’s just sad. B&w2 tho mhhh these are nice espescially challenge mode
The whole idea of only allowing you to access region-exclusive Pokémon until the postgame is a great idea in my opinion.
The thing I hated most about about gen 5 is how easy the gym leaders were, every single gym leader had a max of Three pokemon which made it boringly easy. I honestly forget about the elite 4/ champ. But gen 5 was the first game i was into competitive and I steal think was the best weather teams were interesting and counterable with your own weather pokemon.  As well as all weather pokemon kindof sucked stat wise.
I share this opinion. I played Red and Blue when they came out. Gold and Silver when they came out. 

Then I put pokemon down for a while. 

I picked up black right before black/white 2 came out. I’ve played every pokemon game since. It really rekindled my love for the series.
B&W using only regional pokemon felt like Gen 1 all over again. Gens 3 to 5, golden years of Pokemon.
prefer black and white 2 as the originals felt a bit barren. The sequels fixed a lot of the issues in my opinion.
If you put the Gen 4 starters in place of the Gen 5 starters then yes B/W would've been the best ever. I still like it a lot. But the starters, especially with how much potential was wasted on them just didn't cut it. I would've rather had Infernape to beat all the Gym Leaders and Elite Four out there.
The problem I have is the Pokémon design,like.vanillux,garbador,stunfisk,basculin,klinglang,and more.
I understand that they’re great games. however I feel like they are overrated to the point where I’m sick of hearing “ThE Ds gAMeS WeRE BeTtEr.”  However, you actually try to prove your point. Thank you for not being one of those kinds of people.
The only bad thing about BW/BW2 was that it served as the high point. I am thoroughly disappointed in the quality of games after BW/BW2. I recently played diamond, soul silver, and w2 and then played Moon. I can 100% say I enjoyed the gen 4 and gen 5 titles 1000% more because the games were harder, there was more exploration, more interesting storyline etc. Most people complain about gen 4 being too slow paced but honestly thats what makes it fun that it doesnt rush. Gen 5 just added onto gen 4 with even better story, i can say i enjoyed the pacing of gen 4 better, but Gen 5 also had more uniqueness and more exploration. Gen 5 was definitely a high point and Moon had almost none of the good qualities of gen 4 and 5 which was immensely disappointing.
Personally I got really frustrated when more man-made objects turned into Pokemon. RB was my first entry in the series. Vanillish, garbador, chandellure, things like that just didn't make a ton of sense to me as creatures in the world. 

Even some of the anthropomorphic mons of the OG 151 annoyed me. What was Jynx? Why was Jynx?

But hey, I've since gotten over my 151 purism, and just try to enjoy them.
I mostly agree though I do think as far as content and new features go, BW2 were the best in the series imo though I do think BW 1 had the best story.
I got into Pokemon around 2009 or 2010, just before B/W came out. I remember being so hyped. I'd go to McDonalds to get the Pokemon toys and the free cards, as I was into the TCG before I ever even played the games. I never had a DS growing up, so my first stride into Pokemon was in 2014 when I got Pokemon X. I loved that game, but around two years later, I traded a friend for his copy of White, and it's been almost 5 years, still haven't beaten it, but I was incredibly happy to have a game I wanted for so long. I agree with you that B/W was a high point. X/Y/ORAS was alright, but in my opinion, S/M/US/UM was bad, and Let's Go/SW/SH is awful.
My only complaint about B/W, if nothing else, is the lack of originality when it came to the design of the region and the progression through the map. It was much more linear/obvious than the games before it.
Unova games best games, no cap
B/W and B2W2 are peak Pokemon
Also they're incredibly hard to find unless you order them online I've haven't been able to find them an any game store
I'm playing through White 2 atm and it is so good! My favourite pokemon, Reunicles is in it so I gotta love it.  I love the idea of a soft reboot of sorts with a whole new gen of pokemon and you can't get many older ones until post game. It encourages players to play with other pokemon they haven't played before. Leavanny is one of my favourite bug types as well and I love having it and Reunicles on my team!
I started in Gen 4 and I’ll admit I didn’t like B&W when they first came out. It felt like the wrong time for a soft reboot of the series, and I felt that lots of the new Pokémon were just filling a void that older Pokémon already filled, the Tympole and Klink lines come to mind as being stand ins for Poliwhirl and Magnemite lines respectively. However with the rampant Gen 1 favoritism that’s been appearing in recent generations I’ve come to love and cherish Gen 5 so much for taking a unique stand on Pokémon and B2 is my second favorite title, only slightly beat out by Emerald.
I really enjoyed Black and White, but Diamond and Pearl are definitely my number 1
Please delete this until after I manage to track down copies for my collection.
I love Black. Only problem is Black City is absolute shite with how it's dependent on how quick you beat the game AND how often you go there. In almost all my games it's ended up empty pretty quick with no way to refill (no friends, and old DS couldn't connect to WiFi)
    That's a good point. I played White, so I always forget this was a feature in Black.
The main downfall of black and white were the designs of the pokemon. Most were shitty and bland. Their are some exceptions though.
B/W aren’t my fav games but I believe it was the best. If I had the story/nostalgia if Sinnoh or Johto with the technology and intricacy of Gen 5, I would adore them even more, and that’s saying a lot considering gen 4 is my favorite
I've played every main game since '96 and I agree. Although HGSS and Platinum are probably my favorites, I can't deny that BW and B2W2 were amazing and funky games. That meme about the Elite 4 theme being an absolute bop is legit. 

My only gripe is a personal one. I hate monotype starters and I'm not crazy about the Unova bunch. I appreciate Samurott and Serperior's designs I just wish they would have tacked on Fighting and Dragon respectively. Don't even get me started on Emboar... 

But yeah, Black and White were amazing games and I'm glad people are acknowledging it. I think all the games are good though. Granted, Gen 5 is the last one that actually felt self-contained and complete to me.
I totally agree with you on everything except the new pokemon. I love how they are all new until postgame and hate how the newer games (x/y. Oras, sun/moon and ss) make the newer pokemons the rarest in the games with 1 and 5 % encounter rate. It feels like you never encounter the new ones that you want and have to grind just for the chance to catch em
The best Pokemon game has to be Heart Gold and Soul Silver. Hands down my favourite. The introduced a new region with new Pokemon but the game also has the original Kanto region with all its pokemon. I loved how you could take on the 8 gym's in both regions (16 badges in total) and you verse the Pokemon league 2 times. It was a great game and should get a remake.
I loved White, but I remember getting dunked on by Ghetsis a ton of times.
I agree with everything up until Black City and White Forest. Great idea but terrible execution. 

White Forest: Essential gives White 20+ exclusive Pokémon 

Black City: Battle more Trainers. And if you don’t play online often, all of those trainers will literally disappear.
BW2 was my first proper introduction to the series and I loved it. I transferred all my Unova pokemon to Ultra Moon because I was just so attached to them. The games were fantastic. The story was also well written especially the part where Ghetsis releases White Kyurem and actually tries to kill you. First pokemon villain to actually be a threat tbh.
Pokemon black was the first Pokémon game I ever played, I never was introduced to Pokémon as a kid. Tepig is my #1 fave Pokémon, it’s sad that that starter line wasn’t appreciated very much and now I see little to no merch bc of it 🥺 I appreciate this post. I also am salty the games are going up on price because I sold mine as a kid and now am struggling to find another
I passed on BW when they were first released, but they’re my favorite in the series now.
I think the best for most people is the generation that you played the most as a kid, roughly 10-12 years old. 

That seems to be the age where you look back nostalgically at your childhood and compare the new games to.
I hated black/white. Played up to ruby/sapphire/emerald then took a break. Right before black2/white2 I got black to get familiar with the gen. I hated the camera dynamics they tried to force on you and it made me not play anymore Pokemon until XY
Very popular opinion!
I think Gen 5 and 6 were the highest point of the series, and were pretty equal
I have a feeling that Gen 8 will be another high point with the Crown Tundra finishing off Swsh and the DP remakes arriving as well brand new titles we may not even expect.
Black and White are really polarizing.  I hated Black and White 1/2, and thought it had the worst group of new Pokemon in the franchise, with Sun and Moon being similarly disappointing for the same reason.

I thought Diamond/Pearl/Platinum was the high point right before it, albeit it is not perfect at all either.
I agree very good
[deleted]
    Whoa there. I respect that you don't like B/W, that's totally valid, but please calm down.
        Yea I was wildly out of pocket. But on the real the animation in that game were beautiful at the time and the story’s villain was one of the first ones that had more layers of character. However I do think B/W was one of the worst games. The pokemon designs were pretty weak and not including original pokemon kind of stinks when the ones that were in the game were uninspired imo. I also felt that B/W was one of the first games where they really railroaded the experience which made the game less exciting and killed the replay value for me. I like in the newer games they try to make it more difficult while removing the Wild pokemon grind (which I still like but is probably just nostalgia). Just felt like I could easily beat the game without exploring the world.
might be a hot take but HGSS will still always be the best games in the entire series thanks exclusively to following Pokémon. that one simple element to me just increases the immersion 10x
    HG/SS are amazing!
I never got to invest as much time in those two (mainly cause I’m a dumbass and got Black then White 2 when I was younger) maybe I’ll explore them more this winter.
I was a game boy player
    Not as much of a game boy player as yo mom
***
^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Downvote ^to ^remove. ^[PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=YoMommaJokeBot) ^me ^if ^there's ^anything ^for ^me ^to ^know!
Fuck the other rivals in that game, N blew them out of the water (doesn’t mean they weren’t designed well). They took a risk adding a rival like N, and it paid off big time. Also the complete spin at the Pokémon league instead of just beating the villains before the 8th gym really changed the pace for the game. It was a breath of fresh air
I hope Gen9 does the all-new until postgame thing again.
Gen 1 Fanboys: Unova is so awful, they even had an ice cream and a trash bag as Pokémon!

Gen 1: Magnemite, Voltorb, Grimer, Ghastly, Exeggutor.
Fax
The Golden Era of Pokemon was 3rd, 4th and 5th generation. 
Also, the best opening feom which i will always be impressed by its music, is the entrance to rhe fifth generation and N coronation. 
The mysterious and masonic vive of the games is great. Also, the film about Victini I remember it to be pretty great actually.
Just want to pop in here and say my piece I've said a thousand times: B/W was an excellent example of a game with *good story* and *bad writing.* I played Emerald, Platinum, and Black/White in order... 2 summers ago I think? And while the actual story of B/W has such a good premise- bad actors ruining a movement, the exploitation of good ideals by bad people- the actual dialogue in the game itself was AWFUL. I may be a little bit biased because I was genuinely blown away by how good/funny many of the little lines of dialogue in Emerald were, but platinum's lines usually fell flat and B/W just absolutely faceplanted. I'm not sure if it was an issue of localization or just Japan dropping the ball, but it's such a tremendous shame because Gen 5 introduced Bisharp, a personal favorite pokemon.
I particularly liked the approach of having all new pokemon for the initial play through and then opening up the rest once you beat the game.

The twist at the end when you go to the elite four was also really cool.
Gosh I adored those games and probably played them the most times over. Not particularly sure why… just loved them and the Pokémon designs. Not my first games, but the ones I probably enjoyed most.
I just can’t get over how the game looks. I understand that it’s a very good game, but it just looks so ugly to me. It gives me a headache to play because they tried to make it look more 3D and imo, it made it awful.
I had been playing the Pokémon games for roughly a decade when BW came out and I absolutely loved it. The fact that you couldn’t use older Pokémon and HAD to use the new generation means I was actually motivated to catch everything I could possibly catch and try out different options for my teams and there were so many new features (seasons! Triple and Rotation Battles!) that it really reminded me of being a kid and discovering the games for the first time. There are features of Gen VI and Gen VII that I enjoyed but overall even time and replays have not inspired the kind of fun I had playing BW (and BW2).

(I have not played Gen VIII yet, and am holding out on buying a Switch until we get an official announcement of Gen IV remakes, just for the record...)
I definitely agree with everything, *except* the story, N, and Bianca. The story seemed like there was more that could have been done, as there was a great premise but imo bad execution. N was just there, giving monologues  every so often and I don't think the Fandom really adores him or anything, we just like that he wasn't lame like Cyrus or Lysandre. And Bianca? She was as annoying as Hop, Wally and Barry to me, with her "oh I'm the weak rival and I'll never be as strong as you, so I'll force you to watch these cutscenes which were probably just placed say I could give you the Surf HM way too late in the game!"

Aside from that, I agree with all your opinions, it's like you read my mind!
The DS was truly a great time for Pokemon, both Generations 4 & 5 were BANGERS, with DPPt being a great intro to semi-3d, with a bunch of new lore and great Pokemon, HGSS having so many great new features (my favorites being the Pokeathlon and following Pokemon), and BW/B2W2 were just amazing in general. Gen 6 was also good, but you could start to see a decline from there.
I agree with what you say but fuck any one who says trubbish and garboder are bad designs

#I FUCKING LOVE THEM AND MUCK

The vanillish line was ok but definitely not bad in my opinion
Honestly, Pokemon hit it’s highest point with Silver/Gold, still hasn’t hit that peak again
i recently replayed Black, and i really hate only one thing. the way that you are prevented from progressing until you beat the gym leader. almost every time you are prevented from going into the next area (with the exception of trying to go to Mistralton), it's an NPC trying to black your path, which i found extremely annoying.

in Hoenn, lots of the obstacles in your way of progressing are things that are more 'natural' (at least, natural for the region), like the water in the way of you trying to get to route 118 and 119 before beating Norman. or the fact that you need to beat Flannery to get access to the Desert route (you only get the Go-Goggles after getting the Heat Badge from her). the more "natural" obstacles are better (at least in my opinion) than just putting an NPC in the way and having them tell you that you need a gym badge. 

but i'm just going to stop myself right there before i get into a massive rant about HM's
I don't remember what cave it was but it was part of an important story segment and the music for it was spectacular, made me just sit there and listen to it as the dialogue was going on.
Black 2 is king
B&W were good games, but weren't they the ones where if you tried to kill a high hp pokemon it took ages? For me HG/SS was the absolute peak of the franchise
Playing thru black currently. Not enjoying it as much as I did when I just finished shield and y.

Been playing since gen 1. Not using that to say gen1 is best. Just as comparison.
Reading through these comments makes me feel like there are very few of us left that started in the Gameboy era... 😥😥😥
B/W was good in a lot of ways, but the having to hunt Audinos to level was exhausting and killed the game for me. Idk if I even made it past the elite four or whatever just because leveling was so damn tedious. I don't want a cake walk when leveling, but literally every other Gen before utilized much better ways to level.
BW2 is what got me back into Pokemon and is still my favorites.
I got my start with B/W as well, but my favorite games are their sequels, B2W2.
If I wanted to play (both) B&W, what device is best? I’ve only ever watched the show, and I think the first Pokémon games I’ll play will be the ones available on the switch. I’ve heard great things about B&W, and I’ve always wanted to play the older games, so how would you suggest I play it?
    The DS lite or the 3ds is probably your best best. I played it on the ds when it first came out, then the ds xl when they released that model and it looks a lot better on the smaller screens of the ds lite/standard 3ds
Too bad the likelihood of us getting another game as innovative and risky as Black and White in the foreseeable future is quite slim. Initial release reception is everything in determining how a company proceeds with production of their products, and the fac that Black and White were hated not only for months, but years, after it's release taught the Pokemon company that they aren't going to try and be innovative anymore and stick to what made them famous. And while we, the audience, may scoff at a company's lack of originality for financial gain, our involvement in the production, and thus the cost, for these games is so inconsequential that we don't know just how important raking in revenue is and bad reviews can deter people from buying the product which can reduce revenue.

In short, it's the Pokemon fandom that doomed itself to years of mediocrity by complaining like little toddlers when this game didn't follow the same formula as the others. They inadvertently told GameFreak to never innovate again and stick to what they did best, and while they still include little gimmicks here and there such as Mega Evolution, Z Moves, and Dynamazing and Gigantimaxing, the likelihood of them going to the lengths of Gen 5 in terms of creativity and innovation is low. And while the newer, better reception for Black and White is what they would've wanted initially, it was much too late for it to have any meaningful impact and it took games like Sword and Shield to notice this.
Never got around to playing this gen. I need to someday
For me I feel like it was gen 4 of gen 5 maybe
It'll never happen because Pokemon is a game for kids, but I would kill to have a Pokemon game with the same type of atmosphere as the Mother series. That would be so goddamn cool
I respect your opinion but for me B/W were the worst pokemon games i have played and what made me qiot the series
    I'm sorry to hear that. B/W aren't for everyone. I'm assuming that since you said you quit the series, you haven't picked up a main series Pokemon game since then?
You say TL;DR and then just keep going!

I agree that the series had multiple peaks.  I think it peaked twice on Gens. 3 and 5.
    It was TL;DR for the top part lol, but now that you mention it, that does kind of defeat the purpose of TL;DR.
Gens 1-4 will forever be my favorite
The thing is I loved it right away but wasn't online to see opinions or anything. Wasn't as good as Platinum for me but still a great game
Boi you didn't even MENTION my main scientist Colress. He's so cool they brought him back as a side charater in gen 7!
    I love Colress, but I was talking about B/W, and he's from B2/W2 only!
The pinnacle of 2D Pokémon games
I'm pretty sure that Black and White (or maybe the sequels, I can never remember) sold so badly because of how controversial they were, and that's the reason Pokemon don't make nearly as many risks anymore as they used to.
The only bad thing is anime if not gen 5 would be the perfect pokemon generation
Imo it went to shit when they moved to 3ds
Man the gen 4 and 5 were my favorite generations
I actually just replayed black/white in my goal to complete the Pokémon home national dex and I agree it was one of my favorite re-playthroughs as I go through all the Ds/3ds games. I remember no old Pokémon until postgame bothering me when I was first playing it way back when but I really enjoyed that aspect during my recent run of the game. 

My only serious complaint is that while the story was great at the end it just amounted to... nothing. They had a really good story and moral debate about how ethical it was to capture and fight with these creatures but in the end the whole point was moot because Ghetsis admitted that was never the real goal at the end of the game. Still, definitely in my top 3 Pokémon games and I’ve been playing them religiously since red/blue came out.
Black and White were the last great Pokemon games.

IMHO,
RBY: flagship; hard to judge
SGC: great
RSE: great
DPP: great
B&W: great
X&Y: good
S&M: ok
SwSh: . . .
in my opinion black and white are bad. i was like 8 when they came out and got them not long after release but went straight back to soul silver haha
gen 5 is my personal favorite, especially its story and graphics
I remember doing a presentation around the last two weeks of school, we were supposed to do a powerpoint on whatever we want, so I chose why Black/White were my favorite games

My teacher understood nothing about my presentation but he liked my enthusiasm
Yea pokemon black/white is 100 bucks with the case.
I have been streaming some LeafGreen nyzlocke randomizers and with chat have just been talking Pokemon and general and I came to a similar realization;

I think Black/White was one of the high points of the series and really the last time I was personally happy and enjoying a Pokemon game. 

While I have had fun with X/Y the following games have just been declining in what I consider enjoyable.
We need to somehow show gamefreak that we're sorry for hating gen 5 on release, it scared them into making these mediocre games that really dont stand out in any way.
It also had Hilda/white. Which I myself love
I just finished (re)playing Black for the nth time and I agree with all of your points. At the moment I have 14 main-series Pokemon games representing all 8 gens on my shelf that I could play at any time, yet I always find myself coming back to Black. Most of my favorite Pokemon are from Gen V as well. Escavalier, Scrafty, Klinklang, Eelektross, Krookodile... The list goes on and on.
Black and white werw pretty good, Im not dogging them. But i think the best pokemon game was Coliseum. I love how they strayed from the gym badges, catching them all, the story was just so powerful. Sword and shield never felt like it had a climax tbh. Although graphics n free roam are very nice but i mean it was 2019.
Gens. 4 and 5 are my favorites! I LOVED the bigger emphasis placed on story in those games!
B&W were top notch games worthy of respect and admiration. B2&W2 were a disaster that shouldn't have been created.
I’ve always liked Black and White, but I didn’t fully appreciate G5 until Black and White 2. As much as I loved the new Pokemon, I wanted the option to mix them in with my previous favorites. In retrospect, I appreciate the limited lineup of the first games because it allowed me to discover my G5 favorites, and as such my B/W 2 team was so much fun for me. I loved the slightly remixes battle themes, and the PWT was such a trip man I fanboyed so hard over it. I’ve still played Emerald and Platinum the most but B/W 2 are up there, especially more recently. I don’t really play Pokemon that much anymore, but if I decide to do so again it’ll certainly be with G5, they’re just so much fun.
Definitely agree. I recently got back into the series starting with Ultra Sun, then played through Alpha Sapphire and Y, working my way backwards.When I got to White I was surprised at how much I loved it and how much it reminded me of my first time playing Pokemon back during Gen 4. The difficulty and overall atmosphere were great. I haven't played White 2 yet, but I'm really looking forward to revisiting Unova.
You are speaking my language with this one. I totally agree with all of this. I also started when I was 6 with White. To this day it is my favorite Pokémon game of all time. Best story in the franchise by far. Pokémon designs were new and while some like vanillish and trubbin weren’t liked the most. You still had Pokémon like Haxorus or gigalith. The starter trio was awesome. Everything about them was great imo
I AGREE MY GUY! While I personally prefer b2/w2, I think late 4th gen and 5th gen was the high point of the series.
BW, BW2, and sm/usum are the only Pokémon games I couldn’t bring myself to finish. For me those are in the bottom 5 main games.
Black and White were great because they shook up the formula a bit. 

While I felt the artistic direction of the new Pokemon were a bit hard to swallow, I did thoroughly enjoy the fact that *only* new Pokemon were available for the main part of the game. 

It was a lot more fun delving into the unknown! Too often we go for the safe bets to get through the game or seek out our old favourites. Gamefreak really backed in their new group of Pokemon to carry the whole Gen and I felt it worked.

Since then, there's been way too much Gen 1/past gen pandering
I liked it a lot too. And I’m totally okay with older Pokemon only being in the post game. I try to only use new Pokemon for the main story anyway.

I would really love a remake (after they do Sinnoh). I have heard some say they’re done with remakes, but I hope that isn’t the case. I would love to explore Unova again.

I have a (relatively) new appreciation for the “inanimate object” Pokemon. As a child I didn’t care for them, even in the Red and Blue days. But finding out they were probably based on tsukumogami a few years ago really makes me like them a lot more. Plus Chandelure is just badass.
I actually appreciate the way BW handled regional variants much more than later gens.
I hated black and white haha 😂
Yeah they reqlly were, plus i startex with White version 2
Yeah I personally love everything through B&W. It did make me sad that it marked the end of getting a 3rd game that was like the best one (e.g. Emerald, Platinum etc). But post gen 5 is when Pokémon started to decline in quality
Too many legendaries.
Would love to see some Pokémon ports come to Switch. Last ones I played before Shield was Emerald clear back in the game boy days
I love the balls to include all new Pokémon. Finally. A generation with no Pikachu.
I started with gen 1 and to date no games have given me the feeling Red/Blue/Yellow did quite like B/W, and no games have given me the feeling did G/S/C quite like B/W2. 

They really were a series high that it feels like Game Freak has made no attempt at reaching again.
I also love those around it. Gen 4 and 6 were reasonably solid. I didn’t love ORAS as much as the originals, but it was nice to return with a new spin on it. PLUS. Megas. One of the best things Pokemon ever did. Z-moves and G-maxing are weak as hell in comparison.
Series has been on a massive decline since BW. DS era was seriously something special, Platinum, HGSS, and BW on one system. Amazing.
Gen 4 was the first one where they had most stuff worked out.
As a guy that loves Gen 3, enjoyed tf out of Gen 6(still sad about no Z, ngl), and is a fan of Gen 8, you.....yeah, you made a ton of great points. Hell, even considering my liking of the 3 aforementioned Gens, I personally feel like there's only one other Gen that can be considered a "high point."

Gen 2.

Gen 2, while I'm not as nostalgic for it as I am Gen 3, was the sequel Gen to Gen 1 that was desperately needed. It made a ton of quality of life improvements(select used for easy item use aka immediate bike cycling, different pockets for different items, etc.), two new types to balance things out a bit more, connectivity with the past Gen games(albeit a bit limited here and there), and what is still regarded as the best post game in the entire series in a 2nd whole region to explore(largely cause, again, it WAS intended as a sequel so OF COURSE you visit the place you first visited in the earlier games), among other things.

I don't mean to distract from the post, I just felt the need to bring up the other high point in Pokemon's main series.
i agree. that's all i got
But did you play Ruby & Sapphire
Great List! I was about 6 when RBY hit, so it is a bizarre thing to consider that BW can be so nostalgic to the "next generation."


Gen 5 was fantastic, I loved the fresh take and more "serious" themes of BW. I still consider New Game+ and the endgame battle tower / forest town from BW2 to be top-tier. Gen 5 was probably the last robust New Mons Dex (intentionally mirroring Gen 1), so not having access to legacy pokemon until endgame was fine in terms of roster-diversity. Not to mention, it makes sense thematically for the Kanto/Johto/etc species to be "rare" on the new continent until the trainer has advanced their strength and knowledge. By implementing an endgame-gate to the full Pokedex, legacy Pokemon can be in-game without (1) washing out the new and exciting dex, and (2) horribly penalizing legacy mon spawn rates to achieve (1).


It is a damn shame that each gen soft-resets features.. Can you imagine a parallel game series which continues realistic, ethical dilemma instead of the weird Digimon cults releasing Missingno threats?
Wrong.
I can agree to a certain degree. In terms of level/environment design, yes. I think the pokemon design quality fell off after gen 4 at least for me. Kanto, Johto, Hoenn, and Sinnoh (for me) all felt very familiar yet different. I might be a bit biased since gen 4 is my personal favorite (i did ~4 playthroughs with over 100hrs each) and i think it mastered wat the original pokemon game introduced. The way u pick a pokemon, build a rivalry and defeat the gym leaders felt great. The elite four were as scary as gen 1 and 3. The champion i think is still the most difficult or at least has the most well rounded team. The way u traverse from town to town also felt very natural. Again this is all just my personal opinion, but b/w felt lacking. The pokemon designs were mediocre but there is still some really sick designs (Reshiram, Haxorus, Serperior being my fav). The rivalry didnt feel like a rivalry, except with N i suppose. The elite four were not memorable for me. Point is, i think gen 5 shouldve went a different route. I kno they made b/w2 but after playing the 1st b/w i was turned off from the series as a whole. I only revisited the 3ds versions because i heard they remade ruby/sapphire. After gen 5 i think they started to slip but again maybe its just me not being able to handle the direction they went with. To each their own. Interesting points tho which i can agree to a certain degree
Totally agree on the sprites. I wish they would go back to the 2d sprites as they are better imo. Id be totally ok if they went back to the grid based gameplay as well, but thats just me
DAE POPULAR OPINION???
Gen 3 and 4 will always be my favorites, but I will admit 5 is growing on me. I think nostalgia will always shape our opinions.
This is absolutely true. No other game has N, the greatest character ever written for a Pokémon game
Black and White were great games. I just really hated the map. I'm glad newer generation s fixed that.
B/W are to Pokémon fans what Deep Space 9 is to Star Trek fans.

They’re the ultimate evolution of the original elements the hardcore fanbases love before the franchises dialed it back to broaden the audience. They’re unique and great and will be cherished and rediscovered by future generations.
I grew up with gen 1 and I share this opinion. Black and White are my favorite pokemon games. The main reason are the characters, I adore the rivals and Cheren especially, and if you actually think about it both their stories are quite intricate and relatable, the same goes for N. I love their journeys and growth as characters. I love the moving sprites, the general aesthetic of the games, and of course the music. 

Honestly the only real negative about those games were how the regional pokedex only contained Unova pokemon, and I think it was unnecessary to add SO many pokemon to basically replace staple gen 1 roles. It doesn't help that Unova, while having many great and pokemon, is probably one of, if not the weakest overall in the design department. Not that they're bad (I actually like trubbish and vanilite lines) just not as good as the other regions. I feel like gamefreak should have known better after how justifiably upset people were in the early days of gen 3 where so many pokemon were simply unobtainable. It's a pretty big negative that, while for me, the games are SO enjoyable that it's not a dealbreaker, but I think for many people that just wasn't the case which is very unfortunate to me because imo they're missing out on what are at least to me, the best pokemon games by far.
change my mind, the unova map shouldve been all building, well because it was based off nyc
Heartgold is my favorite game that I can’t afford. I have Gold. Heargold would be awesome
T\_T I feel so old, as I was 19 when B/W came out...

Thoughts aside, B/W definitely caught a lot of flak from what I remember then. I was super excited though, I didn't think another DS game was going to appear since we had the Pearl/Diamond and HG/SS.
I think black and white and there sequels were the last good games. Past them the worlds felt empty, with the 3D models you could no longer “get away” with moving the models for fighting, and the post game was actually worth something.
Funny thing I thought about some of the gen 5 pokemon after Sun/Moon is that some of them could be also considered variants for the Unova Region like Roggenrola to Geodude, but unfortunately it's more "convincing" to just slap 'diferent region-pokemon name' now and add a bit of difference in the design, typing, etc. so it uses nostalgia to add "new" stuff even though it feels lazy, and maybe is.

At least until now nothing feels truly like other rpg games that have few enemies and they still manage to make them recolors for their "stronger" version
Pokémon Gold...

When you head back to your home town after you beat the champion... and then notice that there's some unexplored water you never surfed across right next to your house.

I was about 9 or 10 years old... and I screamed internally when I suddenly realized where I was.
I think bw2 is probablynthr best game in the series.
BW2 is the best in the entire series just off the difficulty setting.
This is my opinion of Gen IV, hah.
Gen 4 and Gen 5 was the golden age of Pokemon. Once GF went 3D they just stopped caring
I think gen 5 was in the unfortunate position to be the generation where the group of kids who had grown up on gen 3 and 4 were getting into the teen years and you know how it is: "pokemon is for kids I don't want to play it anymore". At least that was the case for me when it dropped when I was 12. From what I understand a similar thing happened when gen 3 was released and the kids who grew up on gen 1 and 2 felt they were too old for the series. Wouldn't be surprised if there was a similar effect this generation or the next as well
It was dope having 150 new Pokemon, I wish it was the norm for each new gen. Then just make older Pokemon tradeable post-game. That way each new game is a new meta. Getting only 70 or 80 each gen has been disappointing.
How can anyone hate a main series pokemon gane and dislike others? They're pretty much the same game with different graphics and pokemon. Which is fine that's a winning platinum award formula.
B/W was definitely a high point for the themes of pokemon, but is it just me or did N have a point? At the end of the day there are good trainers and bad trainers, but isnt giving any 10 year old a permit to catch and own any pokemon they find in the wild giving the trainer a lot of power in the relationship? Shouldn't it be ak equal relationship? Maybe there did need to be more regulations to ensure bad trainers cant get their hands on pokemon in the first place, and more ways to find the bad trainers and rescue their Pokemon.

The whole "Pokemon is entirely ethical so long as the trainer isn't being a jerk" doesn't work when they are given so much power in the relationship. The only response a pokemon can give to abuse is to accept it or run away. There is no way for them to stop this trainer from abusing others.

B/W was set in America, and does seem to treat pokemon as creatures deserving of human rights. Some people say that the pokemon in these games are supposed to represent black slaves but I think thats too far. I know pokemon the game is supposed to be set in a utopia where only the cartoon villain baddies are jerks, but I do wish upon a star we can get a game that really tackles this topic in an in-depth manner. Similar to Detroit Become Human or something. A story leading up to the "universal declaration of pokemon rights" which outlines everything that is and isn't ok and provides methods the society will use to prevent any and all abuse of pokemon and their habitat. 

A lot of these problems are glossed over in the anime, like in the third episode of the new series construction had happened on top of an important Venusaur evolution sunbathing spot. Luckily they were able to sunbath on the roof but I doubt the construction planners had the Venusaurs in mind when they chose to build there.
Pokemon Platinum and Omega Ruby are my personal favorites. I have a soft spot for Fire Red as that was my first game but those other two are really fun for me.

I played most of X but I think I generally stopped enjoying it. Not the games fault just taste changes.
if black and white were released today they would be named good and bad
Two worlds. THANK YOU

I loved Pokémon- no, I LOVE Pokémon black and white. They were my first Pokémon games and I got my first save file of White to 450 hours. No joke. I wish I took a picture because I would just battle random Pokémon in order to get the Pokédex (didn’t have friends to trade) but I tried my best. I have reset it 4 times so far and I have fun every single time choosing new Pokémon for my team.
As a solo player I hate the touchscreen, it was so useless I don’t even remember the name of that thing that you cant remove.
An other thing I didn’t like was how pixelated were the backsprites. It’s like they zoomed too much on it, they could have perfect backsprite if they didn’t x2 them

HOWEVER

5th gen had one of the biggest and greatest region for me, so much wide zones to visit, different environments, wonderful 2D/3D landscapes/point of view...

I totally agree with OP when people say that they start to love it :
I didnt like it much as a kid, and now I consider it as the peak of pokemon aswell, the last « perfect gen » with much content
Gen 5 is DS going Plus Ultra.
Pokemon Ruby Sapphire and Emerald was the high point imo but my favorite was Pokemon X and Y cuz I’d just pull up with my max ev shiny Mega Lucario and destroy
Black and white would have even absolutely perfect of the starters weren’t trash. Like everything about it story line, graphics, game play and legendaries were excellent
Black and White is the time where I got a hacked version of it for my birthday. Thanks GameStop!
I am dead set on the opinion that Gen 5 was the peak, and we sorta stumbled with Gen 6, fell on our face with Gen 7, and continued to lay on the ground dead with Gen 8.
Black was my first game too, and I never knew other Pokemon outside the ones in the Unova Dex existed. So when I finished the game and encountered a Pokemon from a previous gen, I was in shock
It's funny how through the years you notice the generation that gets the most love changes. 

I'm guessing OP is around 14-16 years old and this was his first main Pokemon game. 

Nothing wrong with that of course, but because of nostalgic bias you'll never be sure of what is the best Pokemon game. Even if you do a poll all it will show you is what game was the first of the most people.
    This is definitely a good point, and I actually pointed this out in the post. I'm sixteen and B/W was my first main series Pokemon game, so although I think I have legitimate reasons to love B/W, nostalgia is also very present.
DS was the high point for sure, now nintendo is kinda out of touch   
*cough cough mobile game*  
As soon as I saw them announce it I got diablo flashbacks "You guys have phones dont you?"
I say this all the time, but Gen 5 was the lowest point for Pokemon in the eyes of GF. They saw bad feedback and annoyed fans, and just gave up. They know old pokemon sells, so they did that. And boom people were excited again. So they never tried anything artistic or creative again, why bother when Charizard works?
Black and white were brutal in general, but to this day i still prefer black and white 2, just because they continued the plot of the first ones and also the improvements on the postgame (white forest/black city and PWT). Also Colress.
Even tho i miss the depth of the desert ruins and victory road in the first games, among other things
Wholeheartedly agree! I actually really valued having only the new Pokémon to begin with because it made it FEEL like a whole new region to explore and you had to create your team from scratch rather than rely on old favorites. I love the music and the variety of the towns both within and between versions. The whole N storyline was great and I had fun with the three-way battle format. It may well be my favorite game from the franchise, though I have a major soft spot for diamond/pearl
If I remember correctly, there were somewhere around 300 pokémon added in gen 5 alone. At some point I worked out that Unova and Hoenn had the most pokemon added per region, but I can't recall which came out on top. So yeah I definitely enjoyed having a full cast of new pokémon to meet, and it made for such a foreign experience where you had to learn all new tactics. I'm a little biased if u can't tell - actually replaying Black rn :)
Gen 5 felt like the point when Game freak had refined the Pokemon formula and were seeking ways to grow up some elements whilst also trying to refocus the on the story. It was also arguably one of the last games that was not rushed and worked well to Game freaks level of expertise.

Ever since then, later games and generations have only come out quicker, more rushed and with newer tech. Which has lead to new 3D games that feel shorter with less features and lost content on the cutting room floor. Later generations have also been more reliant on gimmicks and have arguably been dumbed down to the floor out of concern that complexity pushes new players away.

Some blame Yokai Watches popularity for this shift (kids are losing interest in Pokemon PANIC!) others Ganefreaks belief that kids have low intention spans and just want mobile game experiences (If they hit a roadblock they'll stop playing). But regardless the result are generations where the game seems actively afraid of the player getting stuck and do everything it can to nudge them along.
I loved Black and White when they came out and I still do. Probably my favorite games in the series.
Oh wow make me feel old. My husband(then bf) bought the special DSI and game for me in highschool. My best friend got the ROMS for us to play in Chemistry (before world wide releases were a thing). I was so excited about Minccino. The graphics on laptop seemed amazing.

 The bridges, the ferris wheel, the city's everything was exciting again. Something I hadn't felt since Emerald and battle frontier or Pokemon Crystal where you actually have a choice of gender idk if everyone can understand but for me it makes it immersive. Most games I'd played.. or really ever played .. just male leads. Had my hopes up for persona 5 royal. Though they did P3P. Sorry different topic all together.
Obviously. Somebody gets it.
I've played pokemon my whole life, and I personally didn't like B+W at all. I am still of the opinion they were the weakest games in the series, and that was honestly down to 3 key points when I played it the one and only time I played it.

The pokemon designs themselves I didn't have much issue with, but the lack of diversity in some types and loads of others.
Do we need 10 pure psychic types in a gen? You've got the Pidove line, do you need Rufflet and Braviary too? 
There are some I like, Sandile, Pawniard, Dwebble lines to name a few. I also like Emolga because although it's not great stats wise it's a type shared at the time with only Zapdos.

I will say that having recently watched the BW anime, i appreciate the pokemon a lot more, But at the time of playing it really put me off.

The second thing is how linear it FEELS.
I know that all pokemon games are linear, but this is the one where the map is a literal circle. You never go back to cities, there's no big hub, you could make it a literal straight line and it would change nothing. Every game has a path that you have to follow, but I literally felt no incentive ever to go back to anywhere.  

The final thing is that I think the musicals were a weak addition. I liked contests, pokèathlon, but the musicals were entirely based on grinding them for better props with no real rewards.

The pro's your pointed out are good points. I am going to play it again because I'm replaying a game from every gen rn, and I am going to try and appreciate the game a little bit more, but for me at the time of playing it was my least favourite game by quite a way.
60 FPS battle scenes you love it
Ah, i remember finding out about Pokémon for the first time ever, and then i saw Snivy, and then the other starters, and then Gen 1, and then... Well, you get it, but what really interested me is BW, i haven't played the other games, but BW will always be the best for me, the music is amazing, the starters were cool (Except their final forms) and the story was amazing.
I started with pokemon Leaf green. And went back and played sapphire. 

Leaf green/fire red did post game the best. Period. Being able to leave kanto and head to 7 different islands and get more pokemon. 

Soulsilver/heartgold had 4th gen evolutions that would have made the Let's Go series replayable. It had Johto and Kanto, Apricorns, night cycle which changed pokemon you encountered and your pokemon following you. 

Black/White/Black 2/ White 2
Hidden Grottos, reuseable TMs, great non-invasive plot,  a large pokedex, Hidden Abilities, seasons that  changed terrain and pokemon encounters. Audino for grinding

X/Y/OR/AS
Fairy type and Mega evolution. Dex Nav. Customizable characters. Resturants for grinding. 
Bad: 4 friendly rivals.

Alola bolth times
Cool pokemon designs, regional variants, no more HM Slaves.
Bad: not really any good post game grinding options, pacing issues, too much text/plot, hand holding. 

Galar: great pokemon, exp candies, better graphics, and Dens
Bad: too much plot, no nat dex.

My game purposes is to try to learn how to use each pokemon in their own weird way.
Like poison heal breloom is great with a toxic orb but bad against pokemon with venoshock. Or Skill link Heracross with 4 multishot moves. 
I tend to enjoy games with a relyable grind in postgame and games that allow for access to HA pokemon.
https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/i69xk3/the_pok%C3%A9mon_generation_i_started_with_is_the_peak/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
    Yep, I saw that post. They're certainly not wrong about this being a trend in the sub. I tried not to be as belligerent about my opinion, though. I also wasn't trying to degrade the other generations.
growing up in 2011 gang
absolutely, as someone who started on gen 1, bw2 are totally the high point of the series, and everything since then has been a downgrade 

emerald, platinum, hgss, bw2 for life
I haven't played Black or White, but what I get is that people either love or hate it. Some of my friends that says that it was the best Pokémon games ever. However, I have only seen negativity about the game online.
Unova is the most beautiful region for me in terms of aesthetics. I can still remember the amazement i felt when i first saw the castelia city. 

I hate the designs of pokemon though.
I thought the story for black and white was really good too! I think it's well written in the way it explores team plasma's ideology, showing what good points they have whilst highlighting their own hypocrisy. It's kind of surface level but at the end of the day it's a kids story line and is a good starting point for a discussion!
These are the games that made me appreciate the series.
Gen 4 and 5 always fight, whereas I prefer ds pokemon unity.
    Sinnoh gave us the Distortion World, Gods, DELELEWOOP, and a nightmare of a Champion, Gen 5 gave us great Story,version exclusive locations and N, who's to say both of them can't be great.
        Big agree, kind of sad this comment thread started to devolve into bickering between the two, why not both?
        DELELEWOOP makes gen 4 the greatest of all time. No competition.
    Peak Pokémon era
    Pokemon *Unite*
        No.
    d.p.pt. were the best
        I'm sorry but ss/hg were clearly better.
            dude where do you get your drugs from? that seems like the good stuff
                Double region, 16 gym Pokemon games are all the drugs I will ever need
                    Still don’t understand why they never did dual regions again.
                        Why make one game full of content when you can split it and sell two games? Big brain plays.
                            The real big brain play would’ve been to upscale alola or kalos then sell it as DLC .
And not just for the main series. The *entire* Ranger series happened on the DS.
    There are dozens of us Ranger fans! Dozens!
        I even had a crush on one of the Sinis Trio
            Was it Ice? It was probably Ice.
    pokemon mystery dungeon as well!
        Also Conquest
            I played that and loved it.
        Wasn’t that gameboy? I have my red rescue team cartridge still
            Red Rescue Team (GBA) and Blue Rescue Team (DS) were both released at the same time. They're the same game on different consoles.
                Ohhh ok thanks
I came here to say exactly this - the DS was Pokémon’s golden era.

Every mainline was great, spinoffs were amazing (Mystery Dungeon, Ranger) there were some bumps (Pokémon Dash) but overall the DS is personally my favourite era of the series.
    Queue primal dialga theme, Pokemon Ranger, and honestly i remembered having a ton of fun with pokemon dash (especially the custom courses) despite it being extremely frustrating
Youre absolutely right. Nothing was the same after the main Pokemon games weren't on DS anymore
    Agree. They were infantilized a lot
Agreed. D/P were a rough start. They were pretty tedious to play. I think it only improved from that point though.
    Agreed, when my friend who had diamond and me who had platinum talked the differences, i never realized quite how much the QoL had been improved. They were quite jealous of me though.
I liked Gen IV and hated Gen V. It’s all up to opinion.
Unova still feels like the biggest region. I mean I know they want Kalos to feel big with Lumiose and it's absolute load of NPCs, but Castelia City somehow still feels bigger and more lively, the constant moving NPCs, the bridge going into it with the cars, all of it makes the region feel populated.
    I haven’t played Kalos yet, but the alleyways in Castelia really help it feel huge. The Jazz music may also help.

Then Nimbasa feels like a big sister city to make that area feel like a huge city...separated by desert ruins.
[removed]
    I've been catching up with the games after playing Let's Go Eevee, and I'm currently on White 2.

My favorite 'mons from XD, Emerald, Diamond, and Black have all been imported as a diverse all-star team, and the Pokémon World Tournament is the perfect post-game to enjoy mixing those 'mons.

I'm not transferring any of them to 6 until they either give us the Pokémon World Tournament again, or the transfer window of Bank's shutdown is closing.

Battle Tree would feel terribly bland and cheaty after so many PWT rounds...many of which don't end in me getting Battle Points.

It feels like fighting the gym leaders at the difficulty level they should have been at.
is also the join avenue
    I almost forgot about Join Avenue!! ♡
yes!!! i loved how you can hear a band slowly create itself as you talked to each musican in a city!!! it felt magical!!
    The only flaw was that in 2, you could find a woman under the bridge practicing who kicked you out.

I felt a little let down when she didn’t join the band in the post game.

That’s on my wishlist if we ever revisit Unova.
[deleted]
When he said he was six when they came out I thought I was old. 

I am old. 

I bought BW in college. They were my “maybe I should get back into this” games after not having played since gold/silver.
Pokémon black was the first game I ever pre ordered
    You motherfuckers make me feel so old
The sales weren't that bad. Most of the Pokemon games of a new generation sit around 16 million sales.
    Bad, no. So, perhaps I am being a little exaggerated. But there was a decrease in sales, nonetheless. While you or I as casual people might not see that as significant, the gap of ~2 million sales loss in the release of a new generation probably convinced them greatly about taking certain types of design steps.
        I don't know. Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well? I really feel like they were building on every new release at the time. Some slight regressions (following Pokemon being removed), but overall the series took steps forward. 

Are the gen 5 sales being worse than gen 4 really the reason why the games since gen 6 have felt so lackluster? I think some of the backlash against all the new Pokemon caused them to focus more on gen 1 nostalgia. I think that makes sense. But the removal of exploration and such? I don't know if that's really because gen 5 sold a bit less. Certainly didn't happen when gen 3 sold less than gen 2.
            > Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well?

I don't have a full argument for this, I'll just have to defer a few points and you make your own interpretation.

1. If you account that for each GBA owner also owned either an SP or Micro you have about 45 million *unique* GBA users
2. Pokemon Ruby and Sapphire then sold 16.2 million or about 1 in 3 users
3. If you assume for every DS user they subsequently bought a Lite you have about 75 million unique DS users
4. Pokemon Black and White then sold 15.6 million or about 1 in every 5 users.

By-the-user in a very suspicious math of determining uniqueness of console owners, RS were more popular per console owner than Black and White.

It's not clean, or full-proof but it's a demonstration that perhaps Pokemon was simply just less popular by that time which is why we can't argue the same for Ruby and Sapphire like we could Black and White versus Ruby and Sapphire or Diamond and Pearl.
                I don't like your math here, it artificially inflates the popularity of the games. Most people I've ever met only had 1 GBA per person, including SPs and Micros, similarly, most people who bought an original DS didn't go out and buy a DS Lite. This means that your claims of the number of unique owners is a lot lower than the actual numbers, and it makes it look like a larger percentage of people owning these consoles bought the games.
                    You may or may not be right. In my own experience I owned a GBA but never an SP or Micro. I did however own a DS and later a DS Lite. The math isn't ideal, and honestly seems more suspicious on the GBA side since the owner ship of original:SP is close to 1:1.

If I look at total sales and compare raw I'll have to remember to look at DSi sales as well if those aren't computed in those numbers I pulled.
                        I'll say that in my experience, at least on the Gameboy side, everyone I knew either had an SP, or they had an original, and when it came to the DS, basically everyone had a lite around me, mostly due to our ages.the only console that I saw a major case of re-buying was the DSi, mostly because it seemed to actually be an upgrade
            Ruby and sapphire were doomed from start the original gba advance was promised to be a portable GameCube and instead it was just smaller more powerful game boy  color . Once the backlight was introduced emerald and the remakes sold a lot better which having the ds introduced the next year made the hype at a max for diamond and pearl . Gen five didn’t sell that well because of the timing . It was obviously the end of the ds life cycle with the 3 ds announced and people just weren’t looking forward to another ds game we wanted amazing graphics . And since the games came with only Pokémon specific to the region . It was a major turn off to most experienced players . Which is a good chunk of the fan base . Sales indicate fans care more about new console and thus new graphic then generally new Pokémon . I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games . Also the newest games for every portable console that started with obviously better graphics then the last . Especially recently . Unfortunately for fifth gen to the common fan it was seen as an in between generation . And for ruby and sapphire it was seen as unplayable due to the console promises versus the actual delivery.
                The GBA was suppose to be a portable gamecube? Oh boy, how was that expected? The 3DS hardly reaches that standard, and that was years after the GBA.
                    I read somewhere it was either sega  genesis or the to be announced game cube which makes sense because well game boy advance can be used as a controller for it
                I think most of this is just factually wrong. Do you have any sources that back any of this up? 

>I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games 

Obviously Pokemon Red and Blue are the highest selling games. After that it's Gold and Silver. Then comes Sword and Shield. Only then comes Diamond and Pearl. XY didn't really sell that well, not that much more than Ruby and Saphire, Black and White or Sun and Moon. 

https://vgsales.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon
            > I don't know. Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well?

There's no disputing that RS sold less than GS, but I think the key difference is that the games that followed RS, Diamond and Pearl, did better than RS. BW did worse than either DP *or* RS in sales. 

In other words, the difference is that RS merely continued a trend, whereas BW appeared to break a rebound and threatened to reduce sales even further. In hindsight, of course, it isn't clear if this is strictly true; it seems RS represented the stabilization of sales numbers; every game since has been fairly consistently around 16 million and some change in sales.
            Ruby and Sapphire were released at a time when Pokemania started to die down, at that time it was no longer "cool" to like Pokemon. The pseudo-Dexit due to technological restrictions preventing Gen 2 to Gen 3 transfers did not bode well for some either.
            I actually think I know why the games since gen 6 have been so lackluster. By the time gen 5 rolled around, Game Freak had been working with 2D, sprite-based games since the beginning of the franchise, and they had become incredibly skilled in that medium. In addition to that, locales are much easier to create with a larger sense of scale if all they have to make is a tileset. This allowed them to make large environments and sprawling caves that encourage exploration, like Chargestone Cave and the desert area. However, with gen 6, they were working in 3D now, and with that new medium, came new capabilities alongside new limitations. 3D environments require the developers to model, in 3D, the locations in game. They are no longer able to simply create a tileset and build those sprawling environments with ease. Designing 3D environments is much more labor-intensive than designing 2D environments is, and I don't think Game Freak's team was prepared for that. The team has to work much harder on creating assets for the game, and that takes away development effort from creating the amount of content that we're used to. Even so, the game's environments suffer in quality because the team has been used to 2D development for so long, and as a result, struggle with creating vast or interesting 3D environments. This is what causes the notorious "corridor syndrome" of the recent generations, alongside the lack of the amount of content we're used to. I feel this issue was further exacerbated by the jump to HD with Sword and Shield. Granted, Let's Go was also in HD, but Kanto requires much less effort to make, since the region's design, Pokedex, and characters already exist. That gave them a template to work off of, and allowed them to focus on the new changes in the game. Sword and Shield had high expectations behind it, and the development effort was fragmented by both the work being done on Little Town Hero, and the need to make many things from scratch (the story, characters, region, updating Pokemon textures). All of that coupled with their inexperience with 3D, the additional effort that comes with 3D games, and the management's unwillingness to expand their team due to their belief that a smaller team is easier to manage, has led to the decline in quality that is emblematic of the recent entries in the series.
Honestly, I don't blame Nintendo, TPC and GF for avoiding the choices they made for B/W. It didn't get a very good response, and even if people are starting to really appreciate and even miss B/W now, they're going to go with whatever they think will continue the franchise's success.
    Aight I love BW but also BW2. On the villainous team point, it's so much deeper in that it isn't just some kid trying to stop the gang leader from world domination. There's more than good or evil, which makes it feel a lot more mature than the other games
        I'm playing through BW2 right now, and finished BW just before.  I didn't care much for BW when I played through it, but BW2 makes me appreciate Unova more because of the on-going story and world-building.  Plus it doesn't feel like a rehash, or a half-assed sequel, it feels like a proper continuation of everything and makes Unova as a whole feel much more alive than any other region.

Team Plasma is pretty great.  The internal struggle, the members that don't know what's going on and the ones that do, the split between old and new... Yeah, they seem like the most well written villainous team.
            Agreed, as opposed to some derpy dudes in outdated fashion and want to capture Pokémon.
    I do blame them for falling back on gimmicks and failing to follow through on anything though.

Like if they had just stuck with mega evolutions and then focused on improving every other aspect of the games instead of having a new gimmick every game I think the games would be in a great place right now.
Which is unfortunate, because those were beautiful games and probably would've pushed the developers in the direction of making something more like BotW for the Pokémon genre.
[deleted]
    This seems like extrapolating too much from one's own experience. There are many more persuasive factors that impact sales of a game aimed at children. A more plausible factor, as written above in the thread, is the poor marketing for an old console and the seemingly lackluster graphics.
Following on from the previous games BW cut quite a few key features. A big one is being able to grow berries in-game which for some reason was restricted to the Dream World.


Now with the Dream World (and Global Link) being history it is very hard to obtain berries in bulk in BW. BW2 at least allows you to purchase berries from the Join Avenue.
I can't believe I forgot to mention the presence of seasons in B/W! You're so right.
Hoenn introduced it first with the snow and the rain
    It's not even close to what it was in Unova, though. Also, where was the snow in Hoenn? I remember sunny and rainy weather, the soot route but not the snowy route.
How did it not have the X factor? It was literally Pokémon X and Y
    True true
I mean, you also have to consider Colosseum and XD were on a much smaller scale when it came to the region and the available pokemon. The developers didn't feel obligated to shove in as many things as possible due to higher powers demanding X things be in the game for sake of franchise from what I estimate.
    I agree, up until SW/SH for being a main console Pokémon game coming out damn near 20 years later. There really shouldn’t be an excuse here... how much leeway should we give game freak then? 

Like I said, I enjoyed SW/SH as a game and it’s new features, but the fact that the animations and such have gotten worse is a bit concerning for the future of the franchise. And I’ve been playing this shit since Fire Red lmao
ha, I see what you did there
I'm forever disgusted by ORAS for a lack of Battle Frontier.
    What made Battle Frontier better than Battle Resort?  Or any other post-game battle area?

Honest question, I've never played Emerald.
        There were 7 unique battle facilities each with thier own type of battle experience (and 2 types of Emblems to win Silver and Gold )
Battle Tower : standard Pokémon battling 
Pyramid: you enter with 3 Pokémon and have to climb floors to the top while encountering wild Pokémon and trainers,with random items scattered across the floor (and everything is dark, and the circle around your character grows with each defeated trainer)
Rental : you rent 3 random Pokémon and battle normally, if you win against a trainer you can switch to one of thier Pokémon (this facility like the standard tower is also present in Platinum and HG/SS)
Dome : I can't really recall it, but I think it's just normal Pokémon battles set up like a tournament
Dojo: Pokémon battling, but after 2 turns each Pokémon get judged (if I recall) you get judged on damage dealt, status conditions and a third thing (can't really recall the specifics) but the Pokémon with most points win, and the other will faint
Pike: also a dungeon like the pyramid. You traverse alot of hallways each with 3 different doors. Sometimes it Will be a room with a trainer, sometimes wild Pokémon, And sometimes a trainer and Dusclubs that will inflict a status on your Pokémon (screw that guy)
The last one I forgot the name. But it's Pokémon battles without you controlling the Pokémon (they act based on thier natures)
Basically they were pretty though since all the trainers had perfect ivs and you had to prepare different strategies (atleast 10 year old me thought so, though I did manage to get 2 silver emblems) However with all the breeding and training improvements over the years. It would have been perfect to have back since. It'd pretty easy to make strong Pokémon in ORAS. But they took the short route and just copied the Kalos facility. But they rubbed salt in the wound by having that little sign with "Now making the Battle tower, part of the battle Frontier project) and Masuda basically blaming mobile games and childrens short attention span on why they skipped it
ORAS would have been the perfect Pokémon game for me if they had that Facility
        Have you ever been to a theme park as a kid? Going to the Battle Frontier felt like going to one of those for the first time. It was EPIC. There were different attractions, each of them adding more variations with battles. For example, the Battle Dojo had different battle rules. The Battle Pyramid was like a randomly generated dungeon that you had to survive through. The Battle Factory allowed you to rent Pokemon to use. They kept the game fresh for hours and hours. 

If they had kept that, it would have added loads of replay value to ORAS, especially with the updated Physical/ Special split. 

But sadly we haven't had a good post game like that since B2W2.
            Team Rentals are available in...  shoot... maybe just Sw/Sh since then?

OK yeah, Battle Pyramid sounds pretty dang cool.

Edit: I wonder if someone's made an ORAS romhack based on Emerald that has a Battle Frontier.
                Unfortunately map editing only pioneered on the (N)DS about three months ago, so all the 3DS hacks out there are mainly QoL changes.
If they had just given ORAS the Battle Frontier, and maybe not have just handed out a lati, then ORAS would be one of the absolute best in the series. I still love ORAS, but Emerald is the superior Hoenn region game.
    Flying over the region like it was an airship from Final Fantasy just about made me cry from joy.  Plus being able to fly to routes, instead of PokeCenters only?  Hell yes.
        Really wish those cutscenes were skipable though lol
ORAS is only good because it’s a remake of an already great game. They did the bare minimum to make it a remake too. Pokémon HG/SS is the perfect example of what a remake should be
    Agree to disagree. ORAS were great remakes, but having difficulty options and Battle Frontier as DLC would have made them absolutely perfect. They were great improvements to Gen 3, having Delta Episode, Zinnia, Wally, soundtrack, soaring, mega evolutions and many other great features. It's the most underappreciated game.
I think ORAS was a huge dissapointment compared to the original Hoenn games. Games with xp share and mega evolutions were just steamrolled. And the lack of the battlefront tier just made it seem so much worse aswell. This game was the first pokemon remake I felt was a downgrade from the originals.
B2/W2 are amazing too!
    Every game that serve as a direct sequel in pokemon are amazing
        Um. Isn't there only one (B2/W2)?
            GSC/HGSS
                Isn’t that just a remake? Not a sequel but the same better with better mechanics and graphics?
                    I think he meant that those two games are direct sequels to the Kanto Storyline
            I'd argue Colosseum and XD as well.
    One of the best sequels for sure.
Holy crap, thanks for all the upvotes everyone!
are you me?
I love gen I too, and I see no reason why people *shouldn't* love it. It's a great generation, the OG, and like you said, so many people started out with gen I. I just don't like when people get aggressive about their biases and degrade every other generation. I tried to avoid doing that in this post.
[deleted]
    >My most enjoyable playthrough of B/W and B2/W2 has been when I generated my favorite team of 6 into the game, and played from the start.

I gained a lot more appreciation for BW when I did randomized Nuzlocke of it. Maybe not the orthodox way to appreciate the game, but it allowed me to look past the Pokemon issue and instead look at all the things BW did right.

>but Sword and Shield taught me the hard way that if I try to force myself to use new Pokemon in a game that doesn't have the ones I want, I'll ultimately default to familiar ones instead

SwSh was actually the first generation ever where I managed to use all new Pokemon in the generation in my first playthrough, but I absolutely agree. For example, in my XY playthrough I could have used all new Pokemon... But there were so many old Pokemon I had never used before, and I wanted to give them a spin. I ended up using a Greninja but that was the only gen 6 Pokemon I used, and my team ended up as Greninja, Lucario, Charizard, Bisharp, Snorlax and Garchomp, with Linoone, Butterfree and Dunsparce being notable members who dropped out of the team, and it never mattered to me that they weren't new Pokemon because... To me they kinda were. They were new to me.

That doesn't mean I avid using new Pokemon, I just like using Pokemon I think would be cool to use, and often that included old Pokemon I have never used. Lucario was my favourite Pokemon for so many years but I had never used it before, so I used it in Y. Charizard and Greninja were starters and I always like to use a starter if I have never used it before, so I used those. Garchomp had always been a favourite of mine as well, so I used that. I had become very drawn to Bisharp's design over the years, and so I used one of them. I had always wanted to use a Snorlax in Yellow but could never catch one, so I used one in Y. Being thrown into a generation where there are so many old faces meant I was able to finally use Pokemon I had wanted to for years. 

Being thrown into gen 5 when I had no idea who these Pokemon were... I didn't really have much reason to use them. I liked the look of Stoutland so I used that, I used Emboar as it was a starter, I used a Gigalith and Sawk because I caught them early and had no reason to swap them out, I used a Reuniclus because... I don't even remember why, and I got a shiny Audino so I used that. But in the end I felt so little connection to my team other than my shiny and my Stoutland that I ended up swapping half my team for Zekrom, and then an event Darkrai and Victini I got.

So yeah, I get why people like using all new Pokemon, but unfortunately not having the option there really hurts a lot of people's experiences.
I totally agree. Isn’t like the only game where you can’t catch Pikachu or one of evos?
    It is. They actually made it impossible to catch any of the Pikachu line in B2W2 either, which is ballsy to say the least.
        Yep.. I spent waaay too long hunting Emolga in B2 recently because of this.

At least I know how to find Audino for leveling now too.
            Audino leveling is a godsend for getting new Pokémon on your team to current level. Only took me an hour to my Swablu up ten levels for an Altaria.
Yeah, that's a totally valid point. I understand why people were upset with the lack of older Pokemon. I had an easy time with it because I had previously only watched the anime; B/W were my first Pokemon games. But I can imagine that people who were already attached to the older Pokemon games would not appreciate the complete lack of those Pokemon.
    Oh yeah, that is why they get so much popularity now. So many people started with gen 5, or onward. So the issues weren't really there. For older fans it was alienating; not seeing any old Pokemon was one thing, but in the gen 5 designs they clearly tried to include a lot of familiarity by making many of the new Pokemon share a lot of design or inspiration with previous Pokemon. But in doing so, they made it feel uncanny, more like a Pokemon knock off than anything. But for people playing it as their first game, what does that matter?

I also think that over time the game has become much more appreciated by even people who didn't like it back them for those reasons, just because ten years on, these new Pokemon aren't new Pokemon any more, they are well established in the series, they are now the familiar faces. I think time has honestly helped BW so much in its perceptions.
        I've been playing since Red and Blue, and I absolutely loved the fact that the old 493 were locked to the postgame. I was 18 when Black and White came out, and I felt like a kid again, exploring a new region and finding a brand new Pokemon in every patch of grass and every cave.

I personally loved the decision, but I also make it a point to never use a Pokemon that I've used in a previous run-through whenever I start a new game. There's almost 1000 Pokemon, and I've never understood why people stick to the same ones over and over tbh. Different strains Les for different folks, I guess.
        I'd been playing since Sapphire and the lack of old Pokemon didn't affect my enjoyment at all. I thought it was really cool having only new Pokemon, even though I can understand why the change in design philosophy can be off-putting. Besides, they're just data, and it's not like they were thrown in the trash and forgotten. You could still transfer all your old pals over once you've completed the main story.
            Oh yeah, for some people it worked and that was great, it's just that it wasn't for everyone. It was just a feeling, for me perosnally, something felt off, and it took me years to actually understand why that was.
Imagine gen 5 remakes
    Honestly, we are likely to see them on the Switch, but I have always had this dream about them being on the next console, and it the next console makes heavy use of VR then it would be so awesome for gen 5 remakes to be in VR. After all, he was the experimental generation, and it would be nice for experimental stuff to be used for their remakes.
        Castelia city in VR... oh thats the dream i never knew i had
I actually ran into a post today praising gen 6 and saying kalos had the best ideas and area designs. I was really surprised to see it so soon. 

Probably going to take a few more years before its a popular opinion, and many more before its not basically illegal to like gen 8. Kalos just needed more content and difficulty options and it would have been the best pokemon game. Hopefully we get some solid romhacks for them soon.
    In short, Kalos needed Pokemon Z. 😆
        Pokemon Z could have been lit.

Difficulty options.

All pokemon available.

Longer postgame.

10/10 game.
            X and Y had the most Pokemon available in the wild out of any game. And all the others can be traded over or found in friend safari
                I'd include Friend Safari pokemon as being available "in the wild".  Sure, it's post game and requires contact with other people, but they're *catchable* rather than having to trade or transfer for them.

I was curious though, and found this list.  It's much shorter than I expected!  https://www.serebii.net/xy/unobtainable.shtml
    [removed]
        Yeah iv seen a few hacks for XY, they still don't really solve the postgame but they seem interesting. I haven't managed to try them yet though cause citra can't run hacks, and idk how to hack a 3ds. 
 
Also the cycle of people hating newer games is something I notice a lot I remember when you couldn't even mention gen 5 without people coming to tell you why pokemon was dead and gen 5 killed it. Now *everyone* loves gen 5. Same goes for gen 4, I remember everyone hating sinnoh with a passion.

I *personally* think gen 5 was a high point, but its weird seeing how an opinion I had years ago went from unpopular to popular. I think pokemons overall quality has only went up. Other than a slight difficulty decrease. I don't expect nintendo to give us something on par with renegade platinum difficulty, and if nintendo made a game as hard as reborn no one would be happy but the most dedicated players.
            Eh, hating the new version and praising the old ones is pretty dang common for just about any series or franchise out there, not even just video games.
                Yeah its definitely not just a pokemon thing, iv been around the FE community long enough to know that. 

Another example would be halo, Halo reach was "the worst" when it came out. now everyone praises it. The new halo game that just got announced is also now being called a disappointment Not sure how people can be disappointed with a game they have never played lol. And the constant bashing of new games in FE annoys me to no end.
    Mean kalos had alot of good ideas ,just wernet excuted to well/if at all(powerplant area you can acces for example) or was veyr little of it
people were praising gen 6 when it came out and it slowly got more hate over time, basically the opposite of black/white. Back in 2013-2016, people generally praised gen 6 more than gen 5 and it basically flipped around 2017 or 2018.
I'm just waiting for gen 7's nostalgia time. I started with moon over a year ago and I absolutely loved it. Now having caught up with the rest of the series and playing Ultra Moon for the first time I love it even more. The story and Pokemon were incredible, in my opinion equel to gen 5.
Well, I think everybody is entitled to their own opinion. Gen VI is my least favorite generation, but I won't judge anybody for liking it. Likewise, gen V is my favorite generation, but I won't judge anybody for disliking it.
I really can't see this happening for any post 2D era game.
Honestly it's my favorite gen and I've been playing since gen 2. True that the Kalos games were incomplete and definitely needed a sequel but I loved Gen 6.
I said in the beginning of the post that it's not a hot take??
    Nah not you. I’m Kinda generalizing the reply threads
It’s probably because the bar for Pokemon stories is so low that anything that goes beyond  “protagonist faces off vs bad guy organization and wins” and “legendary Pokémon has backstory” is seen as amazing lol. 

Black and White are fine games but the story seems way overrated. It’s not always coherent and not very original or deep either. It also gets in the too often  for a series that isn’t story driven like Pokémon. In my eyes B2 & W2 are far superior games and completely redeemed gen 5.

Also I think this gen 5 love we’ve been seeing a lot of recently is kids who grew up with and feel nostalgic for those games entering the discourse online - further evidenced by the fact that OP was six when B & W came out.
The struggles the main rivals went through I found to be very relatable. Particularly, the realization that what they WANT to do and what they CAN do, aren't necessarily going to line up. That trying hard doesn't mean that you'll succeed. Growing up being bombarded by messages about how "you can do anything if you try hard enough uwu!1" I felt through most of my life that I was completely incompetent because I always tried hard but rarely succeeded, especially coming to the realization that I wasn't even good at the only thing I thought I was good at. To be shown a more down to earth and realistic perspective on things was a huge deal to me and genuinely helped me immensely. 

The thing with Ghetsis is that he was like a fascist leader - he blatantly lied to people about what their goal was because if they could convince people to willingly give up their pokemon, then they would be much easier to control. Those in high rankings parroted the lie, fully knowing it to be a lie, while he specifically raised N through literal abuse in order to manipulate him into genuinely believing the lie and thus more easily spreading it. The game did something no other pokemon games did in that they weren't speaking to us as the players, the story dialogue was primarily between the actual characters and wants the player to consider -their- perspectives, rather than our own in the real world. Like actual storytelling does. 

I wouldn't say B2W2's story was bad but I do think it was a disappointment after BW. It's still better than the rest of the pokemon games though, but it's still an obvious downgrade from BW in that aspect.
Unova and Galar pokemon were really great.
Personally I think the starters have all been incredibly weak since gen 4. Sure there’s some exceptions like greninja and decidueye, but mostly they’ve been pretty lame. I still maintain that serperior is dope as fuck and I prefer gen 5’s 3 starters as a whole to any of the later starter trios since 6-8.
    Eh, I thought the Gen 6 starters were pretty good.
Just giving my 2 cents on some of the points here:

Starters- I agree for the most part on what you said

Regional Rodent/Bird- Again, I mostly agree (Although I don’t think Unfeazant is that bad)

Elemental Monkeys- Again, I agree

Clones of older Pokémon- I disagree with the “average or worse” part for most of these. I think Pokémon like Swoobat, Musharna, Garbodor, Bouffalant, and Amoonguss easily outdo their Gen 1 counterparts.

Legendaries- I agree with the swords of justice and forces of nature point, but highly disagree with the box art legendary part. I think that Zekrom and Reshiram are some of the coolest legendaries that we’ve gotten (along with Black/White Kyurem). Also the mythicals of this gen were pretty cool too

Others- I can see why you don’t like these, but I personally think that most of them are pretty cool (Druddigon, Beheeyem, Vanilluxe, Crustle, Sygilyph, Maractus, Lilligant, Leavanny, Seismitoad)

Conclusion- I mostly agree with what you say here, although I understand why gf introduced so many new Pokémon
    I really don’t understand people not liking The Bouff
        Same, I always thought it was pretty cool, and also way more interesting than Tauros
            Strikes a balance between “this is an animal” and “striking design concept”

The rings on the horns combined with the hair is just great synergy of concepts. And even better it totally fits the North America theme. It’s the only bulky straight up normal type I’ve really wanted on my team since like Snorlax

Also... Braviary anyone? I’ll go to the grave saying it looks cooler than Staraptor
                Same on the Braviary vs Staraptor area. Too bad it’s only available in White though
                    Truly. I guess it’s too specific

Edit: oh you meant as opposed to black. Yeah you’re right. Can’t remember the vultures name but it was not an even trade off
    i think what they hate most with unfeazant is that he has a solid attack stat but the best flying stab move that he can get is a 60 base power aerial ace, and all (except sky attack) of his flying movepool learnt through levelling up are special.
Think some fans throw shades the elemental monkeys and the Incarnate forms of the Kami trio are closest Pokemon have to palette swaps. It is quite noticeable in the latter that they are roughly identical save for colour, their tails and the details on their head.
?? They’ve definitely been taking a bunch of risks in their games. Gen 7 changing the gym battle format, introducing Let’s Go Pikachu/Eevee as a totally new formula for wild battles, SwSh has a ton of risks with the wild area, no national dex, and getting rid of the victory road/elite four set up. Just because a risk wasn’t well-perceived doesn’t mean it wasn’t a risk
    Good points. Completely overlooked some of that stuff!
So HGSS were the last ones you enjoyed?
Audino is so cute. My second favorite normal next to snorlax
Galar is definitely loved for pokemon, soundtrack and gyms.

Also, Alola will also be remembered for legendaries (especially Ultra Necrozma).

&#x200B;

Kalos needed Pokemon Z.

&#x200B;

Unova rivals weren't jerks, but I still loved them because of great character development. And the only so called bad designs (Garbodor, Vanniluxe, Klinklang) were better than 80% of those horrible Kanto pokemon, which were so boring and plain.
I really can't tell if this is an insult or an observation lol.
I hope so too!
Legend of Zelda Minish Cap is still one of my favourite zelda games and gba games, it was soo awesome!
I agree. BW had some seriously strong designs, that wasn’t my problem with them. They just didn’t feel like *Pokémon* designs. They felt like knockoffs, they changed the art style and went with more rounded edges and more details and that just threw me off. I saw a leaked image of the starters two years before it released and I genuinely thought it was fake. I tried to like BW, it’s the only series where I bought both games, but I felt little motivation in filling my dex and making a team when I hated or forgot about 90% of the Pokémon. Which sucks because I really love the animated sprites and the region. I just didn’t like the Pokémon.
Don't apologize for having a different opinion, that's the way people work. I love B/W, but I don't expect everybody else to love B/W. :)
although grinding is really easy in B/W, because having a Lucky Egg on a Pokemon and then fighting a bunch of wild Audino is extremely broken for leveling.

i know, because i recently replayed Black, and turned my level 10 Drilbur into a level 34 Excadrill within only about 45 minutes just by having it hold a Lucky Egg and battling wild Audino in the outer area of Pinwheel Forest.

then i did the same thing with my level 18 Pignite and got it into an Emboar in only an hour
    Oh, really? I don't think I ever did that. But I like that you actually have to use Pokemon to level them. But that does seem like a little too easy.
        yeah, since Audino give out tons of EXP, they make grinding much easier, although not too many people know that.
I mean, it's an opinion, so naturally you'll get different answers from different people at different times.
Not so much now, but when B/W first came out, a lot of people didn't like it.
I recommend it! Your opinion may not change, but it's worth trying it out again!
    I think it will definitely change. I already played B2W2 and I loved it a lot. Among the best in the franchise imo
I stated near the beginning of the post that this is a pretty popular opinion.
    [deleted]
        I understand what you mean, but I still think people should be able to express their own opinions, even if it gets repetitive. I respect that not everyone is going to agree with what I say in this post, but I personally feel that I should be able to post it. And the fact that it got a response is out of my control. 

I'm not totally disagreeing with you. I get that it's probably exhausting to see the same opinions expressed over and over again. I just don't think that people should be prevented from expressing those opinions simply because they've been expressed before.
I'm glad it came off that way, that's what I was hoping for. I didn't want to present this opinion like it was a fact, or like it was the only valid opinion. I just wanted to put this opinion—which is purely my own, and certainly not the only opinion—out there :)
While I agree with you, it *is* an opinion. Just a popular one.
Champion? Cynthia is clearly the best.
I would actually disagree with all of it. Gen 4 is the best. But Gen 5 is my second favorite, no doubt. Those two generations were the peak of the franchise. 

Also Team Plasma Grunt theme is probably the best battle theme in the series. I actually bump that shit while playing other games.
I don’t really feel like they were pulling crap with that Gen. Gen 4 felt like THIS IS WHAT YOU *WANT* where they threw evolutions and babies and amazing legends into the mix. Then Gen 5 was like THIS IS WHAT YOU *NEED*. 

I love 4 and at the time I didn’t get to play 5 very much but I remember people being upset about it and many loving it. Now having gone back I see that 5 has some great Pokemon and is a solid Gen.
    By formulaic I mean D&P had one “early starter bird Pokémon” one “early starter normal Pokémon” (usually some kind of rat) “early starter bug Pokémon” (usually a worm and will end up as a butterfly) and it felt the same with all the other generations, they’re just making the same Pokémon with a new name and slightly different design. I felt like Gen 5 really pushed it and tried to be more unique.
That's a good point. I played White, so I always forget this was a feature in Black.
Whoa there. I respect that you don't like B/W, that's totally valid, but please calm down.
    Yea I was wildly out of pocket. But on the real the animation in that game were beautiful at the time and the story’s villain was one of the first ones that had more layers of character. However I do think B/W was one of the worst games. The pokemon designs were pretty weak and not including original pokemon kind of stinks when the ones that were in the game were uninspired imo. I also felt that B/W was one of the first games where they really railroaded the experience which made the game less exciting and killed the replay value for me. I like in the newer games they try to make it more difficult while removing the Wild pokemon grind (which I still like but is probably just nostalgia). Just felt like I could easily beat the game without exploring the world.
HG/SS are amazing!
Not as much of a game boy player as yo mom
***
^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Downvote ^to ^remove. ^[PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=YoMommaJokeBot) ^me ^if ^there's ^anything ^for ^me ^to ^know!
The DS lite or the 3ds is probably your best best. I played it on the ds when it first came out, then the ds xl when they released that model and it looks a lot better on the smaller screens of the ds lite/standard 3ds
I'm sorry to hear that. B/W aren't for everyone. I'm assuming that since you said you quit the series, you haven't picked up a main series Pokemon game since then?
It was TL;DR for the top part lol, but now that you mention it, that does kind of defeat the purpose of TL;DR.
I love Colress, but I was talking about B/W, and he's from B2/W2 only!
This is definitely a good point, and I actually pointed this out in the post. I'm sixteen and B/W was my first main series Pokemon game, so although I think I have legitimate reasons to love B/W, nostalgia is also very present.
Yep, I saw that post. They're certainly not wrong about this being a trend in the sub. I tried not to be as belligerent about my opinion, though. I also wasn't trying to degrade the other generations.
Sinnoh gave us the Distortion World, Gods, DELELEWOOP, and a nightmare of a Champion, Gen 5 gave us great Story,version exclusive locations and N, who's to say both of them can't be great.
    Big agree, kind of sad this comment thread started to devolve into bickering between the two, why not both?
    DELELEWOOP makes gen 4 the greatest of all time. No competition.
Peak Pokémon era
Pokemon *Unite*
    No.
d.p.pt. were the best
    I'm sorry but ss/hg were clearly better.
        dude where do you get your drugs from? that seems like the good stuff
            Double region, 16 gym Pokemon games are all the drugs I will ever need
                Still don’t understand why they never did dual regions again.
                    Why make one game full of content when you can split it and sell two games? Big brain plays.
                        The real big brain play would’ve been to upscale alola or kalos then sell it as DLC .
There are dozens of us Ranger fans! Dozens!
    I even had a crush on one of the Sinis Trio
        Was it Ice? It was probably Ice.
pokemon mystery dungeon as well!
    Also Conquest
        I played that and loved it.
    Wasn’t that gameboy? I have my red rescue team cartridge still
        Red Rescue Team (GBA) and Blue Rescue Team (DS) were both released at the same time. They're the same game on different consoles.
            Ohhh ok thanks
Queue primal dialga theme, Pokemon Ranger, and honestly i remembered having a ton of fun with pokemon dash (especially the custom courses) despite it being extremely frustrating
Agree. They were infantilized a lot
Agreed, when my friend who had diamond and me who had platinum talked the differences, i never realized quite how much the QoL had been improved. They were quite jealous of me though.
I haven’t played Kalos yet, but the alleyways in Castelia really help it feel huge. The Jazz music may also help.

Then Nimbasa feels like a big sister city to make that area feel like a huge city...separated by desert ruins.
I've been catching up with the games after playing Let's Go Eevee, and I'm currently on White 2.

My favorite 'mons from XD, Emerald, Diamond, and Black have all been imported as a diverse all-star team, and the Pokémon World Tournament is the perfect post-game to enjoy mixing those 'mons.

I'm not transferring any of them to 6 until they either give us the Pokémon World Tournament again, or the transfer window of Bank's shutdown is closing.

Battle Tree would feel terribly bland and cheaty after so many PWT rounds...many of which don't end in me getting Battle Points.

It feels like fighting the gym leaders at the difficulty level they should have been at.
I almost forgot about Join Avenue!! ♡
The only flaw was that in 2, you could find a woman under the bridge practicing who kicked you out.

I felt a little let down when she didn’t join the band in the post game.

That’s on my wishlist if we ever revisit Unova.
You motherfuckers make me feel so old
Bad, no. So, perhaps I am being a little exaggerated. But there was a decrease in sales, nonetheless. While you or I as casual people might not see that as significant, the gap of ~2 million sales loss in the release of a new generation probably convinced them greatly about taking certain types of design steps.
    I don't know. Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well? I really feel like they were building on every new release at the time. Some slight regressions (following Pokemon being removed), but overall the series took steps forward. 

Are the gen 5 sales being worse than gen 4 really the reason why the games since gen 6 have felt so lackluster? I think some of the backlash against all the new Pokemon caused them to focus more on gen 1 nostalgia. I think that makes sense. But the removal of exploration and such? I don't know if that's really because gen 5 sold a bit less. Certainly didn't happen when gen 3 sold less than gen 2.
        > Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well?

I don't have a full argument for this, I'll just have to defer a few points and you make your own interpretation.

1. If you account that for each GBA owner also owned either an SP or Micro you have about 45 million *unique* GBA users
2. Pokemon Ruby and Sapphire then sold 16.2 million or about 1 in 3 users
3. If you assume for every DS user they subsequently bought a Lite you have about 75 million unique DS users
4. Pokemon Black and White then sold 15.6 million or about 1 in every 5 users.

By-the-user in a very suspicious math of determining uniqueness of console owners, RS were more popular per console owner than Black and White.

It's not clean, or full-proof but it's a demonstration that perhaps Pokemon was simply just less popular by that time which is why we can't argue the same for Ruby and Sapphire like we could Black and White versus Ruby and Sapphire or Diamond and Pearl.
            I don't like your math here, it artificially inflates the popularity of the games. Most people I've ever met only had 1 GBA per person, including SPs and Micros, similarly, most people who bought an original DS didn't go out and buy a DS Lite. This means that your claims of the number of unique owners is a lot lower than the actual numbers, and it makes it look like a larger percentage of people owning these consoles bought the games.
                You may or may not be right. In my own experience I owned a GBA but never an SP or Micro. I did however own a DS and later a DS Lite. The math isn't ideal, and honestly seems more suspicious on the GBA side since the owner ship of original:SP is close to 1:1.

If I look at total sales and compare raw I'll have to remember to look at DSi sales as well if those aren't computed in those numbers I pulled.
                    I'll say that in my experience, at least on the Gameboy side, everyone I knew either had an SP, or they had an original, and when it came to the DS, basically everyone had a lite around me, mostly due to our ages.the only console that I saw a major case of re-buying was the DSi, mostly because it seemed to actually be an upgrade
        Ruby and sapphire were doomed from start the original gba advance was promised to be a portable GameCube and instead it was just smaller more powerful game boy  color . Once the backlight was introduced emerald and the remakes sold a lot better which having the ds introduced the next year made the hype at a max for diamond and pearl . Gen five didn’t sell that well because of the timing . It was obviously the end of the ds life cycle with the 3 ds announced and people just weren’t looking forward to another ds game we wanted amazing graphics . And since the games came with only Pokémon specific to the region . It was a major turn off to most experienced players . Which is a good chunk of the fan base . Sales indicate fans care more about new console and thus new graphic then generally new Pokémon . I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games . Also the newest games for every portable console that started with obviously better graphics then the last . Especially recently . Unfortunately for fifth gen to the common fan it was seen as an in between generation . And for ruby and sapphire it was seen as unplayable due to the console promises versus the actual delivery.
            The GBA was suppose to be a portable gamecube? Oh boy, how was that expected? The 3DS hardly reaches that standard, and that was years after the GBA.
                I read somewhere it was either sega  genesis or the to be announced game cube which makes sense because well game boy advance can be used as a controller for it
            I think most of this is just factually wrong. Do you have any sources that back any of this up? 

>I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games 

Obviously Pokemon Red and Blue are the highest selling games. After that it's Gold and Silver. Then comes Sword and Shield. Only then comes Diamond and Pearl. XY didn't really sell that well, not that much more than Ruby and Saphire, Black and White or Sun and Moon. 

https://vgsales.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon
        > I don't know. Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well?

There's no disputing that RS sold less than GS, but I think the key difference is that the games that followed RS, Diamond and Pearl, did better than RS. BW did worse than either DP *or* RS in sales. 

In other words, the difference is that RS merely continued a trend, whereas BW appeared to break a rebound and threatened to reduce sales even further. In hindsight, of course, it isn't clear if this is strictly true; it seems RS represented the stabilization of sales numbers; every game since has been fairly consistently around 16 million and some change in sales.
        Ruby and Sapphire were released at a time when Pokemania started to die down, at that time it was no longer "cool" to like Pokemon. The pseudo-Dexit due to technological restrictions preventing Gen 2 to Gen 3 transfers did not bode well for some either.
        I actually think I know why the games since gen 6 have been so lackluster. By the time gen 5 rolled around, Game Freak had been working with 2D, sprite-based games since the beginning of the franchise, and they had become incredibly skilled in that medium. In addition to that, locales are much easier to create with a larger sense of scale if all they have to make is a tileset. This allowed them to make large environments and sprawling caves that encourage exploration, like Chargestone Cave and the desert area. However, with gen 6, they were working in 3D now, and with that new medium, came new capabilities alongside new limitations. 3D environments require the developers to model, in 3D, the locations in game. They are no longer able to simply create a tileset and build those sprawling environments with ease. Designing 3D environments is much more labor-intensive than designing 2D environments is, and I don't think Game Freak's team was prepared for that. The team has to work much harder on creating assets for the game, and that takes away development effort from creating the amount of content that we're used to. Even so, the game's environments suffer in quality because the team has been used to 2D development for so long, and as a result, struggle with creating vast or interesting 3D environments. This is what causes the notorious "corridor syndrome" of the recent generations, alongside the lack of the amount of content we're used to. I feel this issue was further exacerbated by the jump to HD with Sword and Shield. Granted, Let's Go was also in HD, but Kanto requires much less effort to make, since the region's design, Pokedex, and characters already exist. That gave them a template to work off of, and allowed them to focus on the new changes in the game. Sword and Shield had high expectations behind it, and the development effort was fragmented by both the work being done on Little Town Hero, and the need to make many things from scratch (the story, characters, region, updating Pokemon textures). All of that coupled with their inexperience with 3D, the additional effort that comes with 3D games, and the management's unwillingness to expand their team due to their belief that a smaller team is easier to manage, has led to the decline in quality that is emblematic of the recent entries in the series.
Aight I love BW but also BW2. On the villainous team point, it's so much deeper in that it isn't just some kid trying to stop the gang leader from world domination. There's more than good or evil, which makes it feel a lot more mature than the other games
    I'm playing through BW2 right now, and finished BW just before.  I didn't care much for BW when I played through it, but BW2 makes me appreciate Unova more because of the on-going story and world-building.  Plus it doesn't feel like a rehash, or a half-assed sequel, it feels like a proper continuation of everything and makes Unova as a whole feel much more alive than any other region.

Team Plasma is pretty great.  The internal struggle, the members that don't know what's going on and the ones that do, the split between old and new... Yeah, they seem like the most well written villainous team.
        Agreed, as opposed to some derpy dudes in outdated fashion and want to capture Pokémon.
I do blame them for falling back on gimmicks and failing to follow through on anything though.

Like if they had just stuck with mega evolutions and then focused on improving every other aspect of the games instead of having a new gimmick every game I think the games would be in a great place right now.
This seems like extrapolating too much from one's own experience. There are many more persuasive factors that impact sales of a game aimed at children. A more plausible factor, as written above in the thread, is the poor marketing for an old console and the seemingly lackluster graphics.
It's not even close to what it was in Unova, though. Also, where was the snow in Hoenn? I remember sunny and rainy weather, the soot route but not the snowy route.
True true
I agree, up until SW/SH for being a main console Pokémon game coming out damn near 20 years later. There really shouldn’t be an excuse here... how much leeway should we give game freak then? 

Like I said, I enjoyed SW/SH as a game and it’s new features, but the fact that the animations and such have gotten worse is a bit concerning for the future of the franchise. And I’ve been playing this shit since Fire Red lmao
What made Battle Frontier better than Battle Resort?  Or any other post-game battle area?

Honest question, I've never played Emerald.
    There were 7 unique battle facilities each with thier own type of battle experience (and 2 types of Emblems to win Silver and Gold )
Battle Tower : standard Pokémon battling 
Pyramid: you enter with 3 Pokémon and have to climb floors to the top while encountering wild Pokémon and trainers,with random items scattered across the floor (and everything is dark, and the circle around your character grows with each defeated trainer)
Rental : you rent 3 random Pokémon and battle normally, if you win against a trainer you can switch to one of thier Pokémon (this facility like the standard tower is also present in Platinum and HG/SS)
Dome : I can't really recall it, but I think it's just normal Pokémon battles set up like a tournament
Dojo: Pokémon battling, but after 2 turns each Pokémon get judged (if I recall) you get judged on damage dealt, status conditions and a third thing (can't really recall the specifics) but the Pokémon with most points win, and the other will faint
Pike: also a dungeon like the pyramid. You traverse alot of hallways each with 3 different doors. Sometimes it Will be a room with a trainer, sometimes wild Pokémon, And sometimes a trainer and Dusclubs that will inflict a status on your Pokémon (screw that guy)
The last one I forgot the name. But it's Pokémon battles without you controlling the Pokémon (they act based on thier natures)
Basically they were pretty though since all the trainers had perfect ivs and you had to prepare different strategies (atleast 10 year old me thought so, though I did manage to get 2 silver emblems) However with all the breeding and training improvements over the years. It would have been perfect to have back since. It'd pretty easy to make strong Pokémon in ORAS. But they took the short route and just copied the Kalos facility. But they rubbed salt in the wound by having that little sign with "Now making the Battle tower, part of the battle Frontier project) and Masuda basically blaming mobile games and childrens short attention span on why they skipped it
ORAS would have been the perfect Pokémon game for me if they had that Facility
    Have you ever been to a theme park as a kid? Going to the Battle Frontier felt like going to one of those for the first time. It was EPIC. There were different attractions, each of them adding more variations with battles. For example, the Battle Dojo had different battle rules. The Battle Pyramid was like a randomly generated dungeon that you had to survive through. The Battle Factory allowed you to rent Pokemon to use. They kept the game fresh for hours and hours. 

If they had kept that, it would have added loads of replay value to ORAS, especially with the updated Physical/ Special split. 

But sadly we haven't had a good post game like that since B2W2.
        Team Rentals are available in...  shoot... maybe just Sw/Sh since then?

OK yeah, Battle Pyramid sounds pretty dang cool.

Edit: I wonder if someone's made an ORAS romhack based on Emerald that has a Battle Frontier.
            Unfortunately map editing only pioneered on the (N)DS about three months ago, so all the 3DS hacks out there are mainly QoL changes.
Flying over the region like it was an airship from Final Fantasy just about made me cry from joy.  Plus being able to fly to routes, instead of PokeCenters only?  Hell yes.
    Really wish those cutscenes were skipable though lol
Agree to disagree. ORAS were great remakes, but having difficulty options and Battle Frontier as DLC would have made them absolutely perfect. They were great improvements to Gen 3, having Delta Episode, Zinnia, Wally, soundtrack, soaring, mega evolutions and many other great features. It's the most underappreciated game.
Every game that serve as a direct sequel in pokemon are amazing
    Um. Isn't there only one (B2/W2)?
        GSC/HGSS
            Isn’t that just a remake? Not a sequel but the same better with better mechanics and graphics?
                I think he meant that those two games are direct sequels to the Kanto Storyline
        I'd argue Colosseum and XD as well.
One of the best sequels for sure.
>My most enjoyable playthrough of B/W and B2/W2 has been when I generated my favorite team of 6 into the game, and played from the start.

I gained a lot more appreciation for BW when I did randomized Nuzlocke of it. Maybe not the orthodox way to appreciate the game, but it allowed me to look past the Pokemon issue and instead look at all the things BW did right.

>but Sword and Shield taught me the hard way that if I try to force myself to use new Pokemon in a game that doesn't have the ones I want, I'll ultimately default to familiar ones instead

SwSh was actually the first generation ever where I managed to use all new Pokemon in the generation in my first playthrough, but I absolutely agree. For example, in my XY playthrough I could have used all new Pokemon... But there were so many old Pokemon I had never used before, and I wanted to give them a spin. I ended up using a Greninja but that was the only gen 6 Pokemon I used, and my team ended up as Greninja, Lucario, Charizard, Bisharp, Snorlax and Garchomp, with Linoone, Butterfree and Dunsparce being notable members who dropped out of the team, and it never mattered to me that they weren't new Pokemon because... To me they kinda were. They were new to me.

That doesn't mean I avid using new Pokemon, I just like using Pokemon I think would be cool to use, and often that included old Pokemon I have never used. Lucario was my favourite Pokemon for so many years but I had never used it before, so I used it in Y. Charizard and Greninja were starters and I always like to use a starter if I have never used it before, so I used those. Garchomp had always been a favourite of mine as well, so I used that. I had become very drawn to Bisharp's design over the years, and so I used one of them. I had always wanted to use a Snorlax in Yellow but could never catch one, so I used one in Y. Being thrown into a generation where there are so many old faces meant I was able to finally use Pokemon I had wanted to for years. 

Being thrown into gen 5 when I had no idea who these Pokemon were... I didn't really have much reason to use them. I liked the look of Stoutland so I used that, I used Emboar as it was a starter, I used a Gigalith and Sawk because I caught them early and had no reason to swap them out, I used a Reuniclus because... I don't even remember why, and I got a shiny Audino so I used that. But in the end I felt so little connection to my team other than my shiny and my Stoutland that I ended up swapping half my team for Zekrom, and then an event Darkrai and Victini I got.

So yeah, I get why people like using all new Pokemon, but unfortunately not having the option there really hurts a lot of people's experiences.
It is. They actually made it impossible to catch any of the Pikachu line in B2W2 either, which is ballsy to say the least.
    Yep.. I spent waaay too long hunting Emolga in B2 recently because of this.

At least I know how to find Audino for leveling now too.
        Audino leveling is a godsend for getting new Pokémon on your team to current level. Only took me an hour to my Swablu up ten levels for an Altaria.
Oh yeah, that is why they get so much popularity now. So many people started with gen 5, or onward. So the issues weren't really there. For older fans it was alienating; not seeing any old Pokemon was one thing, but in the gen 5 designs they clearly tried to include a lot of familiarity by making many of the new Pokemon share a lot of design or inspiration with previous Pokemon. But in doing so, they made it feel uncanny, more like a Pokemon knock off than anything. But for people playing it as their first game, what does that matter?

I also think that over time the game has become much more appreciated by even people who didn't like it back them for those reasons, just because ten years on, these new Pokemon aren't new Pokemon any more, they are well established in the series, they are now the familiar faces. I think time has honestly helped BW so much in its perceptions.
    I've been playing since Red and Blue, and I absolutely loved the fact that the old 493 were locked to the postgame. I was 18 when Black and White came out, and I felt like a kid again, exploring a new region and finding a brand new Pokemon in every patch of grass and every cave.

I personally loved the decision, but I also make it a point to never use a Pokemon that I've used in a previous run-through whenever I start a new game. There's almost 1000 Pokemon, and I've never understood why people stick to the same ones over and over tbh. Different strains Les for different folks, I guess.
    I'd been playing since Sapphire and the lack of old Pokemon didn't affect my enjoyment at all. I thought it was really cool having only new Pokemon, even though I can understand why the change in design philosophy can be off-putting. Besides, they're just data, and it's not like they were thrown in the trash and forgotten. You could still transfer all your old pals over once you've completed the main story.
        Oh yeah, for some people it worked and that was great, it's just that it wasn't for everyone. It was just a feeling, for me perosnally, something felt off, and it took me years to actually understand why that was.
Honestly, we are likely to see them on the Switch, but I have always had this dream about them being on the next console, and it the next console makes heavy use of VR then it would be so awesome for gen 5 remakes to be in VR. After all, he was the experimental generation, and it would be nice for experimental stuff to be used for their remakes.
    Castelia city in VR... oh thats the dream i never knew i had
In short, Kalos needed Pokemon Z. 😆
    Pokemon Z could have been lit.

Difficulty options.

All pokemon available.

Longer postgame.

10/10 game.
        X and Y had the most Pokemon available in the wild out of any game. And all the others can be traded over or found in friend safari
            I'd include Friend Safari pokemon as being available "in the wild".  Sure, it's post game and requires contact with other people, but they're *catchable* rather than having to trade or transfer for them.

I was curious though, and found this list.  It's much shorter than I expected!  https://www.serebii.net/xy/unobtainable.shtml
[removed]
    Yeah iv seen a few hacks for XY, they still don't really solve the postgame but they seem interesting. I haven't managed to try them yet though cause citra can't run hacks, and idk how to hack a 3ds. 
 
Also the cycle of people hating newer games is something I notice a lot I remember when you couldn't even mention gen 5 without people coming to tell you why pokemon was dead and gen 5 killed it. Now *everyone* loves gen 5. Same goes for gen 4, I remember everyone hating sinnoh with a passion.

I *personally* think gen 5 was a high point, but its weird seeing how an opinion I had years ago went from unpopular to popular. I think pokemons overall quality has only went up. Other than a slight difficulty decrease. I don't expect nintendo to give us something on par with renegade platinum difficulty, and if nintendo made a game as hard as reborn no one would be happy but the most dedicated players.
        Eh, hating the new version and praising the old ones is pretty dang common for just about any series or franchise out there, not even just video games.
            Yeah its definitely not just a pokemon thing, iv been around the FE community long enough to know that. 

Another example would be halo, Halo reach was "the worst" when it came out. now everyone praises it. The new halo game that just got announced is also now being called a disappointment Not sure how people can be disappointed with a game they have never played lol. And the constant bashing of new games in FE annoys me to no end.
Mean kalos had alot of good ideas ,just wernet excuted to well/if at all(powerplant area you can acces for example) or was veyr little of it
Nah not you. I’m Kinda generalizing the reply threads
Eh, I thought the Gen 6 starters were pretty good.
I really don’t understand people not liking The Bouff
    Same, I always thought it was pretty cool, and also way more interesting than Tauros
        Strikes a balance between “this is an animal” and “striking design concept”

The rings on the horns combined with the hair is just great synergy of concepts. And even better it totally fits the North America theme. It’s the only bulky straight up normal type I’ve really wanted on my team since like Snorlax

Also... Braviary anyone? I’ll go to the grave saying it looks cooler than Staraptor
            Same on the Braviary vs Staraptor area. Too bad it’s only available in White though
                Truly. I guess it’s too specific

Edit: oh you meant as opposed to black. Yeah you’re right. Can’t remember the vultures name but it was not an even trade off
i think what they hate most with unfeazant is that he has a solid attack stat but the best flying stab move that he can get is a 60 base power aerial ace, and all (except sky attack) of his flying movepool learnt through levelling up are special.
Good points. Completely overlooked some of that stuff!
Oh, really? I don't think I ever did that. But I like that you actually have to use Pokemon to level them. But that does seem like a little too easy.
    yeah, since Audino give out tons of EXP, they make grinding much easier, although not too many people know that.
I think it will definitely change. I already played B2W2 and I loved it a lot. Among the best in the franchise imo
[deleted]
    I understand what you mean, but I still think people should be able to express their own opinions, even if it gets repetitive. I respect that not everyone is going to agree with what I say in this post, but I personally feel that I should be able to post it. And the fact that it got a response is out of my control. 

I'm not totally disagreeing with you. I get that it's probably exhausting to see the same opinions expressed over and over again. I just don't think that people should be prevented from expressing those opinions simply because they've been expressed before.
By formulaic I mean D&P had one “early starter bird Pokémon” one “early starter normal Pokémon” (usually some kind of rat) “early starter bug Pokémon” (usually a worm and will end up as a butterfly) and it felt the same with all the other generations, they’re just making the same Pokémon with a new name and slightly different design. I felt like Gen 5 really pushed it and tried to be more unique.
Yea I was wildly out of pocket. But on the real the animation in that game were beautiful at the time and the story’s villain was one of the first ones that had more layers of character. However I do think B/W was one of the worst games. The pokemon designs were pretty weak and not including original pokemon kind of stinks when the ones that were in the game were uninspired imo. I also felt that B/W was one of the first games where they really railroaded the experience which made the game less exciting and killed the replay value for me. I like in the newer games they try to make it more difficult while removing the Wild pokemon grind (which I still like but is probably just nostalgia). Just felt like I could easily beat the game without exploring the world.
Big agree, kind of sad this comment thread started to devolve into bickering between the two, why not both?
DELELEWOOP makes gen 4 the greatest of all time. No competition.
No.
I'm sorry but ss/hg were clearly better.
    dude where do you get your drugs from? that seems like the good stuff
        Double region, 16 gym Pokemon games are all the drugs I will ever need
            Still don’t understand why they never did dual regions again.
                Why make one game full of content when you can split it and sell two games? Big brain plays.
                    The real big brain play would’ve been to upscale alola or kalos then sell it as DLC .
I even had a crush on one of the Sinis Trio
    Was it Ice? It was probably Ice.
Also Conquest
    I played that and loved it.
Wasn’t that gameboy? I have my red rescue team cartridge still
    Red Rescue Team (GBA) and Blue Rescue Team (DS) were both released at the same time. They're the same game on different consoles.
        Ohhh ok thanks
I don't know. Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well? I really feel like they were building on every new release at the time. Some slight regressions (following Pokemon being removed), but overall the series took steps forward. 

Are the gen 5 sales being worse than gen 4 really the reason why the games since gen 6 have felt so lackluster? I think some of the backlash against all the new Pokemon caused them to focus more on gen 1 nostalgia. I think that makes sense. But the removal of exploration and such? I don't know if that's really because gen 5 sold a bit less. Certainly didn't happen when gen 3 sold less than gen 2.
    > Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well?

I don't have a full argument for this, I'll just have to defer a few points and you make your own interpretation.

1. If you account that for each GBA owner also owned either an SP or Micro you have about 45 million *unique* GBA users
2. Pokemon Ruby and Sapphire then sold 16.2 million or about 1 in 3 users
3. If you assume for every DS user they subsequently bought a Lite you have about 75 million unique DS users
4. Pokemon Black and White then sold 15.6 million or about 1 in every 5 users.

By-the-user in a very suspicious math of determining uniqueness of console owners, RS were more popular per console owner than Black and White.

It's not clean, or full-proof but it's a demonstration that perhaps Pokemon was simply just less popular by that time which is why we can't argue the same for Ruby and Sapphire like we could Black and White versus Ruby and Sapphire or Diamond and Pearl.
        I don't like your math here, it artificially inflates the popularity of the games. Most people I've ever met only had 1 GBA per person, including SPs and Micros, similarly, most people who bought an original DS didn't go out and buy a DS Lite. This means that your claims of the number of unique owners is a lot lower than the actual numbers, and it makes it look like a larger percentage of people owning these consoles bought the games.
            You may or may not be right. In my own experience I owned a GBA but never an SP or Micro. I did however own a DS and later a DS Lite. The math isn't ideal, and honestly seems more suspicious on the GBA side since the owner ship of original:SP is close to 1:1.

If I look at total sales and compare raw I'll have to remember to look at DSi sales as well if those aren't computed in those numbers I pulled.
                I'll say that in my experience, at least on the Gameboy side, everyone I knew either had an SP, or they had an original, and when it came to the DS, basically everyone had a lite around me, mostly due to our ages.the only console that I saw a major case of re-buying was the DSi, mostly because it seemed to actually be an upgrade
    Ruby and sapphire were doomed from start the original gba advance was promised to be a portable GameCube and instead it was just smaller more powerful game boy  color . Once the backlight was introduced emerald and the remakes sold a lot better which having the ds introduced the next year made the hype at a max for diamond and pearl . Gen five didn’t sell that well because of the timing . It was obviously the end of the ds life cycle with the 3 ds announced and people just weren’t looking forward to another ds game we wanted amazing graphics . And since the games came with only Pokémon specific to the region . It was a major turn off to most experienced players . Which is a good chunk of the fan base . Sales indicate fans care more about new console and thus new graphic then generally new Pokémon . I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games . Also the newest games for every portable console that started with obviously better graphics then the last . Especially recently . Unfortunately for fifth gen to the common fan it was seen as an in between generation . And for ruby and sapphire it was seen as unplayable due to the console promises versus the actual delivery.
        The GBA was suppose to be a portable gamecube? Oh boy, how was that expected? The 3DS hardly reaches that standard, and that was years after the GBA.
            I read somewhere it was either sega  genesis or the to be announced game cube which makes sense because well game boy advance can be used as a controller for it
        I think most of this is just factually wrong. Do you have any sources that back any of this up? 

>I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games 

Obviously Pokemon Red and Blue are the highest selling games. After that it's Gold and Silver. Then comes Sword and Shield. Only then comes Diamond and Pearl. XY didn't really sell that well, not that much more than Ruby and Saphire, Black and White or Sun and Moon. 

https://vgsales.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon
    > I don't know. Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well?

There's no disputing that RS sold less than GS, but I think the key difference is that the games that followed RS, Diamond and Pearl, did better than RS. BW did worse than either DP *or* RS in sales. 

In other words, the difference is that RS merely continued a trend, whereas BW appeared to break a rebound and threatened to reduce sales even further. In hindsight, of course, it isn't clear if this is strictly true; it seems RS represented the stabilization of sales numbers; every game since has been fairly consistently around 16 million and some change in sales.
    Ruby and Sapphire were released at a time when Pokemania started to die down, at that time it was no longer "cool" to like Pokemon. The pseudo-Dexit due to technological restrictions preventing Gen 2 to Gen 3 transfers did not bode well for some either.
    I actually think I know why the games since gen 6 have been so lackluster. By the time gen 5 rolled around, Game Freak had been working with 2D, sprite-based games since the beginning of the franchise, and they had become incredibly skilled in that medium. In addition to that, locales are much easier to create with a larger sense of scale if all they have to make is a tileset. This allowed them to make large environments and sprawling caves that encourage exploration, like Chargestone Cave and the desert area. However, with gen 6, they were working in 3D now, and with that new medium, came new capabilities alongside new limitations. 3D environments require the developers to model, in 3D, the locations in game. They are no longer able to simply create a tileset and build those sprawling environments with ease. Designing 3D environments is much more labor-intensive than designing 2D environments is, and I don't think Game Freak's team was prepared for that. The team has to work much harder on creating assets for the game, and that takes away development effort from creating the amount of content that we're used to. Even so, the game's environments suffer in quality because the team has been used to 2D development for so long, and as a result, struggle with creating vast or interesting 3D environments. This is what causes the notorious "corridor syndrome" of the recent generations, alongside the lack of the amount of content we're used to. I feel this issue was further exacerbated by the jump to HD with Sword and Shield. Granted, Let's Go was also in HD, but Kanto requires much less effort to make, since the region's design, Pokedex, and characters already exist. That gave them a template to work off of, and allowed them to focus on the new changes in the game. Sword and Shield had high expectations behind it, and the development effort was fragmented by both the work being done on Little Town Hero, and the need to make many things from scratch (the story, characters, region, updating Pokemon textures). All of that coupled with their inexperience with 3D, the additional effort that comes with 3D games, and the management's unwillingness to expand their team due to their belief that a smaller team is easier to manage, has led to the decline in quality that is emblematic of the recent entries in the series.
I'm playing through BW2 right now, and finished BW just before.  I didn't care much for BW when I played through it, but BW2 makes me appreciate Unova more because of the on-going story and world-building.  Plus it doesn't feel like a rehash, or a half-assed sequel, it feels like a proper continuation of everything and makes Unova as a whole feel much more alive than any other region.

Team Plasma is pretty great.  The internal struggle, the members that don't know what's going on and the ones that do, the split between old and new... Yeah, they seem like the most well written villainous team.
    Agreed, as opposed to some derpy dudes in outdated fashion and want to capture Pokémon.
There were 7 unique battle facilities each with thier own type of battle experience (and 2 types of Emblems to win Silver and Gold )
Battle Tower : standard Pokémon battling 
Pyramid: you enter with 3 Pokémon and have to climb floors to the top while encountering wild Pokémon and trainers,with random items scattered across the floor (and everything is dark, and the circle around your character grows with each defeated trainer)
Rental : you rent 3 random Pokémon and battle normally, if you win against a trainer you can switch to one of thier Pokémon (this facility like the standard tower is also present in Platinum and HG/SS)
Dome : I can't really recall it, but I think it's just normal Pokémon battles set up like a tournament
Dojo: Pokémon battling, but after 2 turns each Pokémon get judged (if I recall) you get judged on damage dealt, status conditions and a third thing (can't really recall the specifics) but the Pokémon with most points win, and the other will faint
Pike: also a dungeon like the pyramid. You traverse alot of hallways each with 3 different doors. Sometimes it Will be a room with a trainer, sometimes wild Pokémon, And sometimes a trainer and Dusclubs that will inflict a status on your Pokémon (screw that guy)
The last one I forgot the name. But it's Pokémon battles without you controlling the Pokémon (they act based on thier natures)
Basically they were pretty though since all the trainers had perfect ivs and you had to prepare different strategies (atleast 10 year old me thought so, though I did manage to get 2 silver emblems) However with all the breeding and training improvements over the years. It would have been perfect to have back since. It'd pretty easy to make strong Pokémon in ORAS. But they took the short route and just copied the Kalos facility. But they rubbed salt in the wound by having that little sign with "Now making the Battle tower, part of the battle Frontier project) and Masuda basically blaming mobile games and childrens short attention span on why they skipped it
ORAS would have been the perfect Pokémon game for me if they had that Facility
Have you ever been to a theme park as a kid? Going to the Battle Frontier felt like going to one of those for the first time. It was EPIC. There were different attractions, each of them adding more variations with battles. For example, the Battle Dojo had different battle rules. The Battle Pyramid was like a randomly generated dungeon that you had to survive through. The Battle Factory allowed you to rent Pokemon to use. They kept the game fresh for hours and hours. 

If they had kept that, it would have added loads of replay value to ORAS, especially with the updated Physical/ Special split. 

But sadly we haven't had a good post game like that since B2W2.
    Team Rentals are available in...  shoot... maybe just Sw/Sh since then?

OK yeah, Battle Pyramid sounds pretty dang cool.

Edit: I wonder if someone's made an ORAS romhack based on Emerald that has a Battle Frontier.
        Unfortunately map editing only pioneered on the (N)DS about three months ago, so all the 3DS hacks out there are mainly QoL changes.
Really wish those cutscenes were skipable though lol
Um. Isn't there only one (B2/W2)?
    GSC/HGSS
        Isn’t that just a remake? Not a sequel but the same better with better mechanics and graphics?
            I think he meant that those two games are direct sequels to the Kanto Storyline
    I'd argue Colosseum and XD as well.
Yep.. I spent waaay too long hunting Emolga in B2 recently because of this.

At least I know how to find Audino for leveling now too.
    Audino leveling is a godsend for getting new Pokémon on your team to current level. Only took me an hour to my Swablu up ten levels for an Altaria.
I've been playing since Red and Blue, and I absolutely loved the fact that the old 493 were locked to the postgame. I was 18 when Black and White came out, and I felt like a kid again, exploring a new region and finding a brand new Pokemon in every patch of grass and every cave.

I personally loved the decision, but I also make it a point to never use a Pokemon that I've used in a previous run-through whenever I start a new game. There's almost 1000 Pokemon, and I've never understood why people stick to the same ones over and over tbh. Different strains Les for different folks, I guess.
I'd been playing since Sapphire and the lack of old Pokemon didn't affect my enjoyment at all. I thought it was really cool having only new Pokemon, even though I can understand why the change in design philosophy can be off-putting. Besides, they're just data, and it's not like they were thrown in the trash and forgotten. You could still transfer all your old pals over once you've completed the main story.
    Oh yeah, for some people it worked and that was great, it's just that it wasn't for everyone. It was just a feeling, for me perosnally, something felt off, and it took me years to actually understand why that was.
Castelia city in VR... oh thats the dream i never knew i had
Pokemon Z could have been lit.

Difficulty options.

All pokemon available.

Longer postgame.

10/10 game.
    X and Y had the most Pokemon available in the wild out of any game. And all the others can be traded over or found in friend safari
        I'd include Friend Safari pokemon as being available "in the wild".  Sure, it's post game and requires contact with other people, but they're *catchable* rather than having to trade or transfer for them.

I was curious though, and found this list.  It's much shorter than I expected!  https://www.serebii.net/xy/unobtainable.shtml
Yeah iv seen a few hacks for XY, they still don't really solve the postgame but they seem interesting. I haven't managed to try them yet though cause citra can't run hacks, and idk how to hack a 3ds. 
 
Also the cycle of people hating newer games is something I notice a lot I remember when you couldn't even mention gen 5 without people coming to tell you why pokemon was dead and gen 5 killed it. Now *everyone* loves gen 5. Same goes for gen 4, I remember everyone hating sinnoh with a passion.

I *personally* think gen 5 was a high point, but its weird seeing how an opinion I had years ago went from unpopular to popular. I think pokemons overall quality has only went up. Other than a slight difficulty decrease. I don't expect nintendo to give us something on par with renegade platinum difficulty, and if nintendo made a game as hard as reborn no one would be happy but the most dedicated players.
    Eh, hating the new version and praising the old ones is pretty dang common for just about any series or franchise out there, not even just video games.
        Yeah its definitely not just a pokemon thing, iv been around the FE community long enough to know that. 

Another example would be halo, Halo reach was "the worst" when it came out. now everyone praises it. The new halo game that just got announced is also now being called a disappointment Not sure how people can be disappointed with a game they have never played lol. And the constant bashing of new games in FE annoys me to no end.
Same, I always thought it was pretty cool, and also way more interesting than Tauros
    Strikes a balance between “this is an animal” and “striking design concept”

The rings on the horns combined with the hair is just great synergy of concepts. And even better it totally fits the North America theme. It’s the only bulky straight up normal type I’ve really wanted on my team since like Snorlax

Also... Braviary anyone? I’ll go to the grave saying it looks cooler than Staraptor
        Same on the Braviary vs Staraptor area. Too bad it’s only available in White though
            Truly. I guess it’s too specific

Edit: oh you meant as opposed to black. Yeah you’re right. Can’t remember the vultures name but it was not an even trade off
yeah, since Audino give out tons of EXP, they make grinding much easier, although not too many people know that.
I understand what you mean, but I still think people should be able to express their own opinions, even if it gets repetitive. I respect that not everyone is going to agree with what I say in this post, but I personally feel that I should be able to post it. And the fact that it got a response is out of my control. 

I'm not totally disagreeing with you. I get that it's probably exhausting to see the same opinions expressed over and over again. I just don't think that people should be prevented from expressing those opinions simply because they've been expressed before.
dude where do you get your drugs from? that seems like the good stuff
    Double region, 16 gym Pokemon games are all the drugs I will ever need
        Still don’t understand why they never did dual regions again.
            Why make one game full of content when you can split it and sell two games? Big brain plays.
                The real big brain play would’ve been to upscale alola or kalos then sell it as DLC .
Was it Ice? It was probably Ice.
I played that and loved it.
Red Rescue Team (GBA) and Blue Rescue Team (DS) were both released at the same time. They're the same game on different consoles.
    Ohhh ok thanks
> Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well?

I don't have a full argument for this, I'll just have to defer a few points and you make your own interpretation.

1. If you account that for each GBA owner also owned either an SP or Micro you have about 45 million *unique* GBA users
2. Pokemon Ruby and Sapphire then sold 16.2 million or about 1 in 3 users
3. If you assume for every DS user they subsequently bought a Lite you have about 75 million unique DS users
4. Pokemon Black and White then sold 15.6 million or about 1 in every 5 users.

By-the-user in a very suspicious math of determining uniqueness of console owners, RS were more popular per console owner than Black and White.

It's not clean, or full-proof but it's a demonstration that perhaps Pokemon was simply just less popular by that time which is why we can't argue the same for Ruby and Sapphire like we could Black and White versus Ruby and Sapphire or Diamond and Pearl.
    I don't like your math here, it artificially inflates the popularity of the games. Most people I've ever met only had 1 GBA per person, including SPs and Micros, similarly, most people who bought an original DS didn't go out and buy a DS Lite. This means that your claims of the number of unique owners is a lot lower than the actual numbers, and it makes it look like a larger percentage of people owning these consoles bought the games.
        You may or may not be right. In my own experience I owned a GBA but never an SP or Micro. I did however own a DS and later a DS Lite. The math isn't ideal, and honestly seems more suspicious on the GBA side since the owner ship of original:SP is close to 1:1.

If I look at total sales and compare raw I'll have to remember to look at DSi sales as well if those aren't computed in those numbers I pulled.
            I'll say that in my experience, at least on the Gameboy side, everyone I knew either had an SP, or they had an original, and when it came to the DS, basically everyone had a lite around me, mostly due to our ages.the only console that I saw a major case of re-buying was the DSi, mostly because it seemed to actually be an upgrade
Ruby and sapphire were doomed from start the original gba advance was promised to be a portable GameCube and instead it was just smaller more powerful game boy  color . Once the backlight was introduced emerald and the remakes sold a lot better which having the ds introduced the next year made the hype at a max for diamond and pearl . Gen five didn’t sell that well because of the timing . It was obviously the end of the ds life cycle with the 3 ds announced and people just weren’t looking forward to another ds game we wanted amazing graphics . And since the games came with only Pokémon specific to the region . It was a major turn off to most experienced players . Which is a good chunk of the fan base . Sales indicate fans care more about new console and thus new graphic then generally new Pokémon . I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games . Also the newest games for every portable console that started with obviously better graphics then the last . Especially recently . Unfortunately for fifth gen to the common fan it was seen as an in between generation . And for ruby and sapphire it was seen as unplayable due to the console promises versus the actual delivery.
    The GBA was suppose to be a portable gamecube? Oh boy, how was that expected? The 3DS hardly reaches that standard, and that was years after the GBA.
        I read somewhere it was either sega  genesis or the to be announced game cube which makes sense because well game boy advance can be used as a controller for it
    I think most of this is just factually wrong. Do you have any sources that back any of this up? 

>I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games 

Obviously Pokemon Red and Blue are the highest selling games. After that it's Gold and Silver. Then comes Sword and Shield. Only then comes Diamond and Pearl. XY didn't really sell that well, not that much more than Ruby and Saphire, Black and White or Sun and Moon. 

https://vgsales.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon
> I don't know. Would you argue the same happened with Ruby and Sapphire when those didn't sell as well?

There's no disputing that RS sold less than GS, but I think the key difference is that the games that followed RS, Diamond and Pearl, did better than RS. BW did worse than either DP *or* RS in sales. 

In other words, the difference is that RS merely continued a trend, whereas BW appeared to break a rebound and threatened to reduce sales even further. In hindsight, of course, it isn't clear if this is strictly true; it seems RS represented the stabilization of sales numbers; every game since has been fairly consistently around 16 million and some change in sales.
Ruby and Sapphire were released at a time when Pokemania started to die down, at that time it was no longer "cool" to like Pokemon. The pseudo-Dexit due to technological restrictions preventing Gen 2 to Gen 3 transfers did not bode well for some either.
I actually think I know why the games since gen 6 have been so lackluster. By the time gen 5 rolled around, Game Freak had been working with 2D, sprite-based games since the beginning of the franchise, and they had become incredibly skilled in that medium. In addition to that, locales are much easier to create with a larger sense of scale if all they have to make is a tileset. This allowed them to make large environments and sprawling caves that encourage exploration, like Chargestone Cave and the desert area. However, with gen 6, they were working in 3D now, and with that new medium, came new capabilities alongside new limitations. 3D environments require the developers to model, in 3D, the locations in game. They are no longer able to simply create a tileset and build those sprawling environments with ease. Designing 3D environments is much more labor-intensive than designing 2D environments is, and I don't think Game Freak's team was prepared for that. The team has to work much harder on creating assets for the game, and that takes away development effort from creating the amount of content that we're used to. Even so, the game's environments suffer in quality because the team has been used to 2D development for so long, and as a result, struggle with creating vast or interesting 3D environments. This is what causes the notorious "corridor syndrome" of the recent generations, alongside the lack of the amount of content we're used to. I feel this issue was further exacerbated by the jump to HD with Sword and Shield. Granted, Let's Go was also in HD, but Kanto requires much less effort to make, since the region's design, Pokedex, and characters already exist. That gave them a template to work off of, and allowed them to focus on the new changes in the game. Sword and Shield had high expectations behind it, and the development effort was fragmented by both the work being done on Little Town Hero, and the need to make many things from scratch (the story, characters, region, updating Pokemon textures). All of that coupled with their inexperience with 3D, the additional effort that comes with 3D games, and the management's unwillingness to expand their team due to their belief that a smaller team is easier to manage, has led to the decline in quality that is emblematic of the recent entries in the series.
Agreed, as opposed to some derpy dudes in outdated fashion and want to capture Pokémon.
Team Rentals are available in...  shoot... maybe just Sw/Sh since then?

OK yeah, Battle Pyramid sounds pretty dang cool.

Edit: I wonder if someone's made an ORAS romhack based on Emerald that has a Battle Frontier.
    Unfortunately map editing only pioneered on the (N)DS about three months ago, so all the 3DS hacks out there are mainly QoL changes.
GSC/HGSS
    Isn’t that just a remake? Not a sequel but the same better with better mechanics and graphics?
        I think he meant that those two games are direct sequels to the Kanto Storyline
I'd argue Colosseum and XD as well.
Audino leveling is a godsend for getting new Pokémon on your team to current level. Only took me an hour to my Swablu up ten levels for an Altaria.
Oh yeah, for some people it worked and that was great, it's just that it wasn't for everyone. It was just a feeling, for me perosnally, something felt off, and it took me years to actually understand why that was.
X and Y had the most Pokemon available in the wild out of any game. And all the others can be traded over or found in friend safari
    I'd include Friend Safari pokemon as being available "in the wild".  Sure, it's post game and requires contact with other people, but they're *catchable* rather than having to trade or transfer for them.

I was curious though, and found this list.  It's much shorter than I expected!  https://www.serebii.net/xy/unobtainable.shtml
Eh, hating the new version and praising the old ones is pretty dang common for just about any series or franchise out there, not even just video games.
    Yeah its definitely not just a pokemon thing, iv been around the FE community long enough to know that. 

Another example would be halo, Halo reach was "the worst" when it came out. now everyone praises it. The new halo game that just got announced is also now being called a disappointment Not sure how people can be disappointed with a game they have never played lol. And the constant bashing of new games in FE annoys me to no end.
Strikes a balance between “this is an animal” and “striking design concept”

The rings on the horns combined with the hair is just great synergy of concepts. And even better it totally fits the North America theme. It’s the only bulky straight up normal type I’ve really wanted on my team since like Snorlax

Also... Braviary anyone? I’ll go to the grave saying it looks cooler than Staraptor
    Same on the Braviary vs Staraptor area. Too bad it’s only available in White though
        Truly. I guess it’s too specific

Edit: oh you meant as opposed to black. Yeah you’re right. Can’t remember the vultures name but it was not an even trade off
Double region, 16 gym Pokemon games are all the drugs I will ever need
    Still don’t understand why they never did dual regions again.
        Why make one game full of content when you can split it and sell two games? Big brain plays.
            The real big brain play would’ve been to upscale alola or kalos then sell it as DLC .
Ohhh ok thanks
I don't like your math here, it artificially inflates the popularity of the games. Most people I've ever met only had 1 GBA per person, including SPs and Micros, similarly, most people who bought an original DS didn't go out and buy a DS Lite. This means that your claims of the number of unique owners is a lot lower than the actual numbers, and it makes it look like a larger percentage of people owning these consoles bought the games.
    You may or may not be right. In my own experience I owned a GBA but never an SP or Micro. I did however own a DS and later a DS Lite. The math isn't ideal, and honestly seems more suspicious on the GBA side since the owner ship of original:SP is close to 1:1.

If I look at total sales and compare raw I'll have to remember to look at DSi sales as well if those aren't computed in those numbers I pulled.
        I'll say that in my experience, at least on the Gameboy side, everyone I knew either had an SP, or they had an original, and when it came to the DS, basically everyone had a lite around me, mostly due to our ages.the only console that I saw a major case of re-buying was the DSi, mostly because it seemed to actually be an upgrade
The GBA was suppose to be a portable gamecube? Oh boy, how was that expected? The 3DS hardly reaches that standard, and that was years after the GBA.
    I read somewhere it was either sega  genesis or the to be announced game cube which makes sense because well game boy advance can be used as a controller for it
I think most of this is just factually wrong. Do you have any sources that back any of this up? 

>I believe x and y Pokémon sword and shield and diamond and pearl are the best selling Pokémon games 

Obviously Pokemon Red and Blue are the highest selling games. After that it's Gold and Silver. Then comes Sword and Shield. Only then comes Diamond and Pearl. XY didn't really sell that well, not that much more than Ruby and Saphire, Black and White or Sun and Moon. 

https://vgsales.fandom.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon
Unfortunately map editing only pioneered on the (N)DS about three months ago, so all the 3DS hacks out there are mainly QoL changes.
Isn’t that just a remake? Not a sequel but the same better with better mechanics and graphics?
    I think he meant that those two games are direct sequels to the Kanto Storyline
I'd include Friend Safari pokemon as being available "in the wild".  Sure, it's post game and requires contact with other people, but they're *catchable* rather than having to trade or transfer for them.

I was curious though, and found this list.  It's much shorter than I expected!  https://www.serebii.net/xy/unobtainable.shtml
Yeah its definitely not just a pokemon thing, iv been around the FE community long enough to know that. 

Another example would be halo, Halo reach was "the worst" when it came out. now everyone praises it. The new halo game that just got announced is also now being called a disappointment Not sure how people can be disappointed with a game they have never played lol. And the constant bashing of new games in FE annoys me to no end.
Same on the Braviary vs Staraptor area. Too bad it’s only available in White though
    Truly. I guess it’s too specific

Edit: oh you meant as opposed to black. Yeah you’re right. Can’t remember the vultures name but it was not an even trade off
Still don’t understand why they never did dual regions again.
    Why make one game full of content when you can split it and sell two games? Big brain plays.
        The real big brain play would’ve been to upscale alola or kalos then sell it as DLC .
You may or may not be right. In my own experience I owned a GBA but never an SP or Micro. I did however own a DS and later a DS Lite. The math isn't ideal, and honestly seems more suspicious on the GBA side since the owner ship of original:SP is close to 1:1.

If I look at total sales and compare raw I'll have to remember to look at DSi sales as well if those aren't computed in those numbers I pulled.
    I'll say that in my experience, at least on the Gameboy side, everyone I knew either had an SP, or they had an original, and when it came to the DS, basically everyone had a lite around me, mostly due to our ages.the only console that I saw a major case of re-buying was the DSi, mostly because it seemed to actually be an upgrade
I read somewhere it was either sega  genesis or the to be announced game cube which makes sense because well game boy advance can be used as a controller for it
I think he meant that those two games are direct sequels to the Kanto Storyline
Truly. I guess it’s too specific

Edit: oh you meant as opposed to black. Yeah you’re right. Can’t remember the vultures name but it was not an even trade off
Why make one game full of content when you can split it and sell two games? Big brain plays.
    The real big brain play would’ve been to upscale alola or kalos then sell it as DLC .
I'll say that in my experience, at least on the Gameboy side, everyone I knew either had an SP, or they had an original, and when it came to the DS, basically everyone had a lite around me, mostly due to our ages.the only console that I saw a major case of re-buying was the DSi, mostly because it seemed to actually be an upgrade
The real big brain play would’ve been to upscale alola or kalos then sell it as DLC .
