[[What was the general consensus on Pokemon Black and White 1]]


I had always thought that these games were some of the stronger entries in the series. The protagonists looked cool, the same could be said about a lot of the Pokemon--even if people like to exaggerate how bad the designs look compared to the other gens--the story is engaging, the gym leaders are actual people who get off their asses to help you out, and both rivals, imo, are pretty good.

Despite all this, I keep hearing about how badly panned the games were. How much validity does that claim actually have?


It's personally my favorite gen, I love the region and pretty much all the designs 

Team plasma is a really good team, too.
    Plasma!! Also, Lilligant and Whimsicott, my two favorite Pokemon.. are you my brother?
        Replied to self accidentally, see above 
        hey its me ur brother
        Whimsicott is my favourite, and lilligant is waaay up there too o:
    OMG yes gen 5 made grass my favorite type

Comrade!!
        Holy shit, this is hilarious!
Black and White are still somewhat controversial, but most people will admit that the story is the best story, or at least one of the best stories, Pokemon has ever done (though sun and moon may change that consensus soon). 

But black and white took a huge risk by creating a huge roster of new Pokemon and including no old ones until after the elite four. You're not gonna be able to find a consensus on whether or not that was a good idea. Some people loved it and thought it was really refreshing to have to learn about a bunch of new Pokemon rather than rely on old favorites. Others disliked not having their old favorites around and disliked a lot of the Pokemon designs. Some of the criticisms were probably valid, saying Pokemon like roggenrola and woobat were lazy rip offs of older Pokemon and that landorus, thundurus, and tornadus, were the same design,just pallet swapped. Other criticisms are less valid (making fun of an ice cream and garbage Pokemon).

Generally, I think people are starting to view black and white more fondly, given some perspective, and they're definitely one of the most interesting additions to the Pokemon series. They were flawed, sure, but they took a lot of risks. Some paid off, others didn't.
    > landorus, thundurus, and tornadus

Weren't there also complaints about the Genies' abilities and move sets? Some people even joked that Smogon designed them.
        The genies are used everywhere in competitive battles, so... I could see people complain, allthough I haven't seen many complaints myself.
    I love how people complain about the genies meanwhile the regis are a Piece of rock, an iceberg and whatever the fuck registeel is with some dots on their face

Azelf, uxie and mesprit as as much aesthetic change as the genies 
        I think the real kicker for the Kami trio is that their in-game sprites are, minus their small aesthetic differences, pixel-for-pixel identical.  They hold their bodies in the same rigid pose, they all stare at you with the same piercing eyes, and their odd facial structure means they can't even have varying expressions.  Even the Regis have different braille dot patterns on their faces.
            It probably says something about how badly they were designed that even though they all looked the same, I still can't remember what they look like. I can picture Landorus therian forme, but only because that was the coolest design.
        Not to mention Magnemite and Voltorb are just floating magnets and a living pokeball respectively. People like to make fun of the new Pokemon while ignoring the first generation was just animals / items with supernatural abilities. 
    I would like if Game freak made Gen 8 with purely exclusive Pokemon from that gen.
        Based on the past couple of gens, I'd say the following is far more likely: "We're proud to introduce a new region of Pokemon! Here, you can only catch Pokemon new to this generation......... plus Gen I! We're sure you'll agree it's just not a Pokemon game without Zubats filling every cave and a Magikarp on every hook. But don't worry: We know you don't want to be burdened with catching too many pre-existing monsters, so we've taken the liberty of forgetting that every other Pokemon from Gen II onward ever existed. Enjoy your route 1 Caterpie, Nuzlockers!"
            Fuck it, here's a Torchic and Lucario.
            Brah, Ash and I both love our butterfrees.
    I don't think "rip offs" was a valid complaint.. it was kind of the start of Alolan forms if you think about it. Most of the Gen V cast seem like they were designed purposely to mirror Gen I Pokemon since it was the first generation to leave Japan. Pokemon distribution would likely be different due to living on an entire other continent(of course Hoenn, Sinnoh. Etc are "different continents"). It was to be sort of familiar, but different because it's a different world than the other games. That's how I always took it at least. 
    the problem with ONLY NEW GEN ROSTER is that the gameplay needs some niches to exist due to the way it plays, so they ended up filling those niches with pokemons that did the same as the old ones, this ended up adding little to pokemon as a whole (did we really need basculin and watchog?). 

imagine i was told to invent a new lightbulb for tomorrow and the next day i bring a lightbulb thats sightly different but i broke all the other ones so now you have to use this one which is the same.  GameFreak learned from this, thats why gen 6 & 7 added so few new pokemon, because there was no need to make replacements for everyone that added little to the gameplay. most pokemon in sun and moon are pretty unique gameplay wise
    > Other criticisms are less valid (making fun of an ice cream and garbage Pokemon).

Ice Cream Pokemon is shiiiiiit. Trubbish should have been part ghost and it might have been more accepted.
        Fuck you Vannilluxe is my shit. I named mine Elsa because it can create ice and everyone hates it for no good reason other than overexposure from being hated.
            >everyone hates it for no good reason other than overexposure from being hated.  
  
This is a sentence I've tried to formulate many times but never got right. You nailed it, and I thank you for that.
            I like the Vanillite line. Only three-stage pure Ice type.
            Yeah considering unova is based off the NYC area the Mr. Softee like and Vannilluxe and trash on corner Trubbish are on point
            Vanilluxe is one of my favorite Pokémon, I used one in my first run of White and he was a boss.  Still have him on Bank I believe.
BW are the only games that seem to not have a consensus. Everyone loves them or hates them (I'm rounding here).  
  
Team Love for me.
    Team *why the fuck does it take 40 seconds to save*

Team *4 hour side quest to get a meowth*
        You must be confusing 5gen with 4gen when talking about saving. BW(2) saves pretty quickly. DPPtHGSS on the other hand... It takes literally a full minute to erase data ( https://youtu.be/-IUbUF8cnVA?t=6m43s ), and saving takes almost 30 seconds if you have mucked around with the storage system.
            deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7262  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/88673)
        You're two-timing Team "4 Hour" with Team "Why The Fuck"? If one of them finds out about it, you're going to get a real how's-your-mother.
    What are the consensuses on the other games? I know Gen I is "the best one" and Gen II "the forgotten one", but what about the others?
        I think it's safe to say that Gen III is the "best one." More people were up-in-arms over a remake than Final Fantasy VII fans, who had to wait twice as long.

I started playing Pokemon during Gen II, and played Gen I before Gen III came out. Even still, Emerald will always be one of the top 3 after B/W2, and might only get knocked down to third by SuMo.

As good as the games have been for the past few years, I think Gen III holds a special place in every fan's heart. Even moreso than Gen I's nostalgia does (or, in my case, Gen II).
            I couldn't ever really get into gen iii for some reason. I mean don't get me wrong I love them and the remakes especially but for me they are the weakest in the series. Except FRLG now those I can always go back to.
            Gen III is where I started, and to me, it "modernised" pokemon and was the start of really interesting designs for pokemon.
I'd say the consensus is:

* One of the best plots in Pokémon history
* Somewhat lackluster new pokémon designs
* Crazy difficulty, sometimes with a too steep level curve
    I'll still never understand why people hated the new pokemon designs in Gen 5. People will constantly point out the Trubbish and Vanillite line was "not creative" but will blindly defend the Grimer, Voltorb and Magnemite line. 
        I'll always hate vanillite forever because I can't tell if they're selling them as food or if the ice cream they sell in game is just modeled after them. Garbodor is a Pokémon I hated at first but fell in love after using him as a joke 2v2 battling with my friends. It's pretty funny creating memories of Garbodor being the one to end the battle with a trash can being flung at the other Pokémon (gunk shot)
        I never understood the logic that if a Pokemon is based on an animal it's fine, but if it's based on an inanimate object it's uncreative. In my opinion, it's easier to think of basing a Pokemon on an animal than an inanimate object. 
            Well Pokemon are sort of meant to be animal analogies, 'super animals' in a way. So thinking up something that could feasibly live and eat and exist in the wild while still making an interesting ally is impressive, but sticking googly eyes on a pencilcase and calling it "Pencilcaze" is pretty naff.

I have a similar problem with fighting types; its hard to justifiably believe in. Throh and Sawk look like removalists, I'm more likely to find them on a smoko rather than growing up in a forest. 
                We're talking about creativity and originality here.

Having a googly pencilcase named "Pencilcaze" as a pet is still more creative and original than having a freaking purple rat named "Rattata" or a pidgeon named "Pidgey". I mean, they're plain cartoon versions of real animals. Period.

Even if Pencilcaze would be a damn bad design, it's miles more original than Pidgey, Rattata, Grimer and lots of other pokémon most people don't seem to have any issue with.
                It's Throh and Sawk.
                    You are correct
            Agreed! I love the line of ghost pokemon that are essentially just a possessed object. Rotom, driftloon, Chandelure, Aegislash, and now Palosand. I think they're really flavorful pokemon ideas. 
        Not just those lines but Druddigon, Klinklang, Simi-monkeys, Unfezant, Watchog, Conkeldurr, Amoongus, genie trio...  are all commonly disliked designs. 
            Just those two come in mind because everyone I knew that "hated" gen 5, only gave those two as their main excuse for hating the BW series. It may be their reason but it's a very weak reason seeing how Gamefreak has been equally "not creative" with their designs in the past and the future.
        Don't forget Exeggcute is just eggs!
            no theyre psychic eggs
        Gen V brought us whimsicott. Gen I has nothing on that.
            I am so glad about Whimsicott's existence. It's my absolute-favorite Pokemon that I can't go without using in any of my playthrough from B/W to S/M. 
        I'm one of the people who didn't love the gen's designs, but it was never Trubbish or Vannilite. The ones that bothered me were the ones that were so similar to past generations. 

By not including any old pokémon, they had the opportunity to do something really interesting with the formula, introducing crazy and exotic types early on, even changing up the formula by changing the early experience... And then we got a bunch of clones of old Pokémon instead. Woobat instead of Zubat. Bouffalant instead of Tauros. Boldore instead of Graveler. These were functionally almost exactly the same pokémon with a slightly tweaked design, and that bugged me. 

They're not bad games by any means, I don't think any of the mainline games are, and there are designs from Gen V I absolutely love, Bisharp, Reuniclus, Cofagrigus, and so on, I was just very underwhelmed by the samey nature of a lot of the designs. I know "Why isn't Alomamola a Luvdisc evolution" is practically a dead horse at this point, but it's the perfect example of my problem with those games, many designs feel like the Chinese bootleg knockoff version of Pokémon who already exist. The ice cream pokémon were silly, as were Chandelure, and the Burt and Ernie duo, but at least they felt like like were new ideas. I'm a big time champion for Klefki in Gen VI, because it's an endearing design unlike any existing pokémon, so so cares if it's a keychain. More like those, less like Swoobat.

Also Sigilyph is the actual worst pokémon design. I don't like it. 
            Very good and valid points. Some of the samey-designs really did irk me but I just played it off as "New Region, New Style" like how there's the normal version and Alolan version at the moment. Sometimes I honestly don't like it when the games kind of give you more of the old classics than the new types. I always like to experiment with new pokemon and not feel like I have to rely on the old ones.
                I think the Alolan forms are a really brilliant idea, because it lets me have my old favorites with a new spin. Having a new version of Geodude, for example, is way more exciting to me personally than having a(nother) Geodude stand-in. 

I'm with you on mainly using new Pokémon when I play a new gen, that's definitely what I'm doing this time through, I just found myself not liking most of the early designs in B/W, with many designs I did like locked late into the game, which was a shame. 

Obviously it's very much personal taste, and some of the Gen V hate has gotten really tired. I think those are great games other than the designs being mostly underwhelming, and I know some people have them highly on their list, even their favorites ever. I can get why, I just had too many hungups with them personally.
            It's funny thought that while the aesthetic designs are the same, each of them got their own unique take in gameplay.
        It's about being over designed. Everything in gen 5 felt like it had waaaay too many lines 
            Yeah, holy shit Gothitelle? God damn. I think it has something to do with the fact that it was the first generation to feature Pokemon designed by western staff. Although they came up with Golurk, who is actually pretty rad in my books.
                Only a handful was designed by the west, right?
                    Yeah, and I think it might've even just been one guy. Something else certainly compounded on that generations designs, although there are some really cool designs amongst the lot. Volcarona is awesome for example.
            Really? I only got that vibe from most of the legendaries.
        I didn't like a lot of them because they felt like replacements for the 1st gen pokemon than their own thing, such as Audino and Chansey, Throh and Sawk with Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan, klink and magneton...
        For me, there's only a small handful of memorable ones from gen 5. That being said, Krookodile will forever be one of my favorites.
        I just voiced the general consensus, I honestly feel like Gen 5 had some great designs and was probably on par with other Gens in terms of quality.

Maybe since they had to create so many new pokémon the number of forgetable designs is a bit higher than usual, but that's just logical. You cannot make 150+ new pokémon and expect most of them to be remarkable. Actually, they did a better job at that than Gen 1, in my opinion.

The only tiny gripe I have, and I can hardly put my finger on something concrete, is that most of the Gen 5 pokémon seem to share a common style that is somewhat different from the overall stylistic trend of the series. I don't know why, but looking at the Gen 5 list they all seem similar in a way, but different from all other mons (but no, I'm not falling for the "they look like Digimons!" thing, ugh)... Maybe I'm imagining things :P

EDIT: Oh, and I love Vanillite and Trubbish!
        Vanillite is shit. Across all gens, across all designs, it's shit.
        they are the first of the series. they made them from scratch. there is no inspiration taken to make those from gen1, just creativity. when you start to get to 500+ pokes and you need to make at least 100 to put in the new game (throwing the number out there), it starts to get much harder. how can you criticize any gen 1 pokemon when they were literally the first of their kind? you really cant.
            Yeah but just because there was no inspiration for a Pokeball with eyes, doesn't mean it should be safe from criticism. You can't just ignore the past for the lack of creativity just because it wasn't already there to give Gamefreak the idea of making it in the first place.
                if anything you should be more forgiving of a pokeball with eyes from the first gen than an ice cream cone made like 12 years later lol. you kind of missed my point.

you try yourself to make a pokemon that you know the majority of people have to like or take interest in capturing.. sounds like it would be terribly difficult to have a team of people make 151 fresh ones and make people love most of them.

 now, if you do that for 12 years, you expect better results, right?
                    No, I get what you're saying. You're saying how you can't criticize gen 1 because there wasn't a predecessor for it to relate to, like how we can compare B/W to R/B/Y. I'm still saying regardless of how long the time period it was that they were created, shouldn't be an excuse to prevent Gen 1 stuff from being criticized equally for the lack of creativity. 

Edit: If Gamefreak had released Vanillite line early on, would it be safe from criticism regardless? Would Voltorb or Grimer be heavily criticized if it was a "new" pokemon in the newer generation because a Pokeball with eyes or purple slime with a face is considered "new and creative"?
                        im not saying you cant criticize gen one pokes at all, not by a long shot. i think there are some bad designs from gen one. im just simply saying it should be way less strict of a criticism considering the pokemon they are making 12 and now even 20 years later that are still some terrible designs, but for their time, the ratio to well designed/badly designed for that gen compared to others is better, thats all. 

nostalgia can really make people see in black and white, but that doesnt change the fact that, why yes, the designs should indeed be getting better, and not worse as time goes on, but that doesnt seem to be the case.
                            Alright, I apologize if I came out as aggressive in my comments. I'm just an avid Gen 5 fan and when people try to hate it on for the only reason being "terrible designs" when previous generations were guilty of it too, it just makes me annoyed that they turn a blind eye on the past stuff.
                                i think black and white two are probably the best pokemon games ever made, but thats my opinion. we all defend our favorites, no biggie, there are always other perspectives.
        I'm pretty sure the #1 reason why any person hates any pokemon is because they think it is ugly. However, that's not a satisfying enough answer for most people, especially since it can be hard to pinpoint exactly why you think something is ugly, so they try and come up with a "better" reason to justify their hate. It would definitely explain the Garbodor situation since it's no less creative than Muk or Weezing but is, at least in my opinion, significantly uglier.
            Like don't get me wrong, I don't like how certain Gen 5 pokemon look but I'm not going to use that as my reason to hate a generation. The fact that most people who hate the game, seem to use that as their excuse to hate it to the ground is what bothers me, yet they'll still remain loyal to the older generations as if those games didn't have "not creative" designs. 
    I've just gotta say that Trubbish and Vanillite somehow overshadow the absolute badass pokemon like Bisharp, Braviary, Hydreigon, Haxorus, Zoroark, and so many others. Seems like these pokemon don't really get praised as much, huh?
        For once, I like Trubbish and Vanillite a lot more than Hydreigon, Haxorus or even Bisharp.

I mean, Trubbish and Vanillite are cute in a way, the others might be cool but are also a bit too edgy for me.
        no such thign as overx or shadx or not, talx doens tmatter
    Good fuckin luck training a Deino.

Everyone and their god damn preschooler knows U-Turn, and that fucker is useless until he becomes Hydrigeon.
        At least it's semi-useful as a Zweilous, Larvesta is unreasonably difficult to train.
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            Even Scrafty learns a few Dragon moves, and its defense and attack aren't that bad for when you get it.
        > Azumarill

> a pitifully weak Pokemon more suited for defense than offense.

I'm sorry, what are you smoking because I want some of that. 

Azumarill is a Pokemon that is specifically geared to be offensive - It has good defenses and HP which allow it to tank hits, it also gets the ability Huge Power which doubles its Attack stat.

If anything Azumarill is anything but "pitifully weak" - It lacks speed and it doesn't do special attacks. **If you're teaching it things like Ice Beam you're playing with Azumarill *wrong*, pure and simple.**
        Scraps of EXP?  You didn't do Audino genocide?
        [removed]
            It wasn't fairy in gen 5
                So??? It was still a fucking monster with Huge Power
                    It was okay
                    Be that as it may, it wasn't OU
                        So was Zoroark, who was amazing in BW2. Smogon tiering has no bearing whatsoever on in game usefulness. Anyone who actually used it in that game can vouch for how good Azurmarill was.
                            The argument I was making was for competitive battling. You're probably right on Azumarill being amazing during story and in game battles. All I'm saying is it wasn't OU at the time of 5th gen 
                Even still it had Huge Power which doubles it's attack stat. It's a solid pokemon in every generation past RSE. 
                    STAB Huge Power Aqua Jet ain't nothing to scoff at
            The only reason it's in OU in Gen VI is because of it's Fairy typing making it even bulkier.  In Gen V like what's being discussed it may be strong, but it's a little on the slow side of things.
    That final string of bosses was the hardest thing to come out of a Pokémon game imo
    Wow, I got really really bored and really wasn't engaged at all with the story or characters. interesting
    I mean Vanillite and Garbodor arent the best designs, but there were plenty of pokemon witht great designs like Krookodile, Haxorus, and Beartic, not to mention one of the best plots of all time and one of my favorite villains, Colress(even if he seems like a good guy sometimes)
    Most of the Pokémon sucked but the legendaries were dope af
    Who said it was "crazy difficult"?
        Let me go ask my self from 5 years ago real quick... Or ask the 100+ people who upvoted.

Lots of people say BW was hard, specially compared to the newest Gens. I personally and honestly think the level curve wasn't as busted as Gen 2's, though.
For the longest time, BW1 were "DA WORST GAEMS IN DA SERIES!!!1!!" and it kind of made me sad since imo, they're the best in the series (although I am having lots of fun with Gen 7, but it's better to let it settle first) since they had ONLY NEW POKEMON, actually tried to make a decent villain theme that wasn't cartoonishly evil (although in retrospect it was a bit silly, it's as if PETA were to use hounds to hunt non believers) 

Recently though, they seem to have went up and become more likable. Although BW2 were always considered to be the best games tied with HG/SS

I hate it when people hate on gen 5 because of some bad designs. It's the only games in the series that tried to make a completely fresh adventure (although Sun/Moon have a similar intent) and it being a bit faulty doesn't bother me in the slightest.
Plus N is probably my favorite "villain"/rival in the series 

In my opinion, GameFreak really let themselves loose with X/Y, pandering to people who don't care about pokemon and created the worst games in the series. The plot was halfbacked and there were not nearly enough new pokemon, despite having some very good designs. 
GameFreak really is an odd developer, they can't make a consistently good game and have some odd design choices that keep changing... 
    XY was pretty bad in retrospect, yeah. The switch to 3D half-excused it, but the story was atrocious, the leveling curve was pretty bad (too low when using Exp Share, too steep when not using it, haven't had this problem in ORAS or SM) and the post-game was non existent. Didn't even get a third game or a sequel. Thankfully we had ORAS, or else 6th gen would have been the worst gen to ever exist.
        [deleted]
            Yeah, but on the plus side, Hoenn got a better showing this time and a lot of fans were left to appreciate it more after how BORING Kalos was
                Eh, visually I preferred the Kalos region. Remake-Hoenn feels so... stuck on a grid.

But overall, I definitely preferred ORAS and the nostalgia it brought with it.
        Even ORAS was barely passable. I beat the Elite Four, caught the legendaries, and then realized there is nothing else to do after Delta Episode. I can't rematch the E4 because their rematch levels are too high, and there are no good places to go to train. I even googled "ORAS post game" and every thread about it just mentioned downloading a bunch of Blissey teams from QR codes as the best way to get anywhere after the game ends. 
            You know what really makes me sad about ORAS post game is they had a lot to work with to give us a great post game. They literally acknowledged that they left out the Battle Frontier. That was the biggest let down for me over all. 
        To be fair, X and Y made a lot of great QoL changes, but yes, the story is so bad. ^^^^WHY ^^^^WOULD ^^^^YOU ^^^^MAKE ^^^^HIM ^^^^A ^^^^GODDAMN ^^^^DORITO
        I don't know man, just the fact that I could FINALLY play a 3D pokemon makes it a good game in my book, besides the quality of life changes, mega evolutions, increased shiny probability, the battle maison, the little details in pokemon amie, like getting burned with slugma and ghost petting chandelure, and pokemon disliking when you pet them in some places (usually their dangerous body parts)

I can't even imagine the enormous amount of work it took to make the transition to 3D
It has some good ideas that are badly executed, that subsequent games either discarded or improved. Some ideas, such as removing the need to use HM's every time you passed through a place, instead of just the first time, were a very good idea that made backtracking great. Others, such as the Pokémon Dream World and the street pass-esque passive bonuses were largely ignored as pointless. Contests were replaced with musicals, and people continued to not care about either of those.

This was the first gen since gen III where the versions really mattered beyond type availability. The eighth gym had a different leader in each version, along with a different aesthetic look, and each game had an exclusive location, Black City & White Forest respectively, both of which required interaction to make actually useful, and were just dead areas if you never met anyone else playing the game. 

The plot is generally well regarded. It broke the mold somewhat, and introduced a villain whose deemed as pure evil (as opposed to Aqua/Magma/Galactic's misguided villains), and pulled a few twists on the conventional eight gyms plus elite four formula. However, the plot was extremely railroaded, with every location blocked off until you're allowed to go there by the gym leaders, even though you could logistically get to them. Exploration was practically non-existant to, with nothing off the beaten path (save for one area once you got surf), which made the whole thing feel very linear. 

The game stuck to just Gen V pokémon until you beat the elite 4. This led to a severe lack of type availability, especially early on. By the time you get to the first gym you can capture precisely three other types of pokémon, plus your starter. Compared to Gen I (which had the same amount of Pokémon available pre-elite 4), where you could easily fill a party with a variety of types by the time you got to Brock. The game kept pokémon to strict areas, meaning you wouldn't find a single electric type until the electric cave, no dragons until the dragon tower, and if you wanted a Durant in your party, forget it, they exist only on the way to the elite 4. 

Gen V changed the leveling system as well. instead of a simply level 10 pokémon always being worth X amount of experience, there was a modifier for level. If you knocked it out with a level 5 pokémon it would get X plus Y. If you used a level 20 pokémon it would be X minus Z. This meant that for fast leveling you had to constantly push forwards into tougher pokémon, but made leveling up to beat a tough challenge take even longer per level than it already did. The post elite 4 also takes a massive jump in difficulty, from around mid 50's elite 4, to mid 60's leveled Ace Trainers. 

Most of these things (bar the leveling system) were changed for Black & White 2. The story had less hand-holding, non-Unova pokémon appeared and added to type variety, the difficulty was less spiked, and a lot of optional areas were added. Though it's story works best as an expansion of Black & White, you don't miss anything in skipping Black & White.
    > By the time you get to the first gym you can capture precisely three other types of pokémon, plus your starter. Compared to Gen I...  where you could easily fill a party with a variety of types by the time you got to Brock.

Well that's because the first gym is more of a tutorial gym in BW, it's supposed to be your first major exposure to type matchups. Note how none of the Pokemon you fight are super effective against nor defensive against each other until you've gotten to the first gym (except for the second fight against Cheren, but for the sake of argument let's consider that a warmup) I'm not justifying it as a good reason, I'm just saying there's a reason why they did it like that. It's also partially why the elemental monkeys exist/ why Cilan exists so I don't like it either. Oh, and I 100% agree on the whole "restricting Pokemon to certain areas" thing being annoying, and that having an entirely new dex meaning that there's actually only one electric type worth using in the story and it's Galvantula.

> if you wanted a Durant in your party

Implying anyone does. Stupid typing, lazy design, and available so late in the game it, along with Heatmor, might as well not exist.

> The story had less hand-holding

I DISAGREE. Or at least that's assuming we're saying hand-holding and railroading are the same thing. If we are, then I DISAGREE. There's the search for that herdier in the ranch that felt like a clumsy introduction to Team Plasma and Hugh's meaningless character arc, there's the part of the game where you're forced to do that boring no skill required movie star studios thing where you're literally told what to do, forced to watch the same thing twice and get no reward for it, and have to sit through a family's squabbles until the plot gets moving. And then there's the trek through the sewers that throws nothing but Grimers, Rattatas and Zubats at you (as if we wanted MORE Zubats and Rattatas) and then after that it's the same game as BW until you've beaten Skyla. That's several hours into the game where the game actually becomes fun to play. BW2 felt fresh the first time but now, looking back, it's a rehash of a region and a rehash of old Pokemon, where the story doesn't become interesting until several hours into the game.

TL;DR BW has problems, BW2 ALSO has problems, in my opinion, its problems are less ignorable.
        > Implying anyone does. Stupid typing, lazy design, and available so late in the game it, along with Heatmor, might as well not exist.

Which proves my point. Would Durant have been a bad choice to pick if it were found in the first or second route? No. It's solid type variety for early in the game - replaceable sure and obviously shit in regards to the competitive scene. But some reason, it's only found at the very end, when most people have already committed to a party, making it another "catch it for the 'dex, then bury it in a box" 'mon.

I don't disavow that B&W2 weren't perfect either, but they were a step in the right direction in terms of making Unova more interesting to play through. Yes the plot is still railroaded, though in my opinion it wasn't as bad in B&W2, as the game had more optional areas. One of Unova's biggest problems in B&W is how it's literally a straight line. There's never a point like Ecruteak city where you have equal opportunity to go to either Olivine city or Mahogony town. While the path through B&W2 still has less freedom than I would like, there are still plenty of places to go explore that aren't plot relevant. Yes, between Gyms 2 and 6 it's a similar path to B&W1, but the path has been expanded, and there's more to do on that path.
    This is literally the best post I've seen describing black and white.
I've mostly heard that the ~~remakes~~ sequels (BW2) are much better and have one of the best stories in the games (and of course, fixes the issues BW had). I haven't played BW2, but didn't really like BW...
    I don't get the "best story" praise. I found it frustrating how that whenever Team Plasma brought up their points, no one ever seemed to have a counter argument. They were just like, "Noooo...Pokemon like fighting..."
        BW2 story is definitely inferior to me. Team Plasma in BW had actually valid motives, N was an interesting character, and the game culminating into the final fight with him and Ghetsis feels just awesome, with becoming the champion actually being a post-game goal.

In BW2, it's the boring "let's rule over the world" kind of stuff. (sure it's Ghetsis goal in both game, but he hides it in the first game, and he is only exposed at the very end, even N didn't know anything about it)
            And pretty much the entire point of Hugh's character was his vendetta against Team Plasma. You could practically imagine him yelling "PLASMA!!!" every time he appeared.
                Even his catchphrase was unforgivably PG 12 edgy. 
                    IM GONNA UNLEASH MY RAGE
                    I like imagining him as a crazed moron.
            BW1 certainly has a more interesting story, but I find BW2 more enjoyable to play in general.
                I really struggle to replay through BW2, something about the story and how you progress just makes me lose interest after I get past Route 4. All the railroading just got on my nerves, and it felt like you were supposed to catch and use specific Pokemon in each playthrough. It was fresh and interesting the first time, but I just can't replay through it. I've replayed through BW about 4 or 5 times now and have never had a problem, but BW2 just bores me, and I'm not 100% sure why.
                    The only thing that BW2 added to the story that I liked was the Pueblo town. Great theme and, though I'm not sure what influenced it, I assume the large Hispanic population in Queens might have something to do with it, even though the buildings look nothing alike.

BW2 is better as a post game, but playing BW, especially the first time with all the new Pokemon, was unmatched until Alola. Plus, I absolutely detest the characters in BW2. BW1 characters were probably the coolests since Kanto.
        Maybe its in the sequel? Idk, I don't remember much of the story..didn't find it interesting enough I guess
            I think the safe to say the sequel takes the story in a different direction.
                HAHAHAHA *ICE* ***EVERYWHERE***
    They're not actually remakes they're sequels to the original games and continue and build on the plot of the first games. 
Then? Really positive. 

Now? uh, the plot's looked upon fondly, but a lot of people consider the QoL improvements and expanded Dex in B2/W2 as putting the previous games to shame. 

Also, limiting the main story to only Gen V Pokemon proved controversial from the get-go, and it didn't help that a lot of the new Pokemon were pale imitations of Gen I Pokemon, or just flat out bad (the monkeys, the Pidove line) or visually unappealing (Tympole line, Timburr line). 

On the bright side it did right by Bug and Ghost types, with Chandelure and Joltik/Galvantula in particular gaining widespread love. 
    Whoa people did not like the monkey line? I love Simisage, that is insane that people do not enjoy them. It sucks that people though get to nostalgic and we probably wont ever see another generation add this many new Pokemon. A lot of these new Pokemon jumped to my favorites quick such being Chandelure, Volcarona and Krookodile to name a few. 
        [deleted]
            Wait wasn't that just in Japan? I mean I guess I understand it is their opinion but seems insane to vote Simisear under Pokemon such as Unknowns, Muk and Basculin but hey what can we do about it! Lol
                A lot of people like Muk actually. Unown and Basculin on the other hand, yeah they're not popular.
                    It's cheating, but I love Alolan Muk.
                    I love the Unknown. I'm never going to use one in a fight, but I think they were a cool thing to have hanging around.
                Unown got their own movie, might have something to do with that
                    I swear doing a randomizer nuzlocke and getting an Unown is one of the worst things ever. One of the worst Pokemon design and competitive wise. 
        It's because the monkeys were objectively bad compared to most everything else. 
        They get given to you early in the game, but aren't actually all that good, and unless you get the fire type one, you can easily get a better grass or water type. Hell, if you hold off until Castelia, you can get a Darumaka, who is a better overall fire monkey. Many people also just don't enjoy the designs. Simipour seems especially unpopular, but apparently Simisear placed at the very bottom of a Japanese popularity poll recently (granted, the poll would determine which Pokemon were distributed in an event, but the point remains). 
It's hard to say. Back then, it seemed wonderful and a great story. But now, while we still think the story is great, it gets criticism and praise for changing a lot of things up. 

* No old Pokémon

* Lazy new ones

* Great story

* Diverse gym leaders

Personally, Pokémon Black and White are pretty damn good. Sure they're different but big deal. Though a confession of mine is I still haven't completed their sequels. But I still think the general consensus would be great story, dumb Pokémon.
    i feel the "lazy new ones" argument is really unfair when you consider that stuff like the muk, magnetite, and voltorb line existed. A lot of the new designs were way better than the old ones, imo. 
        I love the argument about "lazy new ones" being used to refer to the inanimate object Pokemon and those ones are my favorites. I mean when I saw SM , I knew I had to have a Palossand. Heck everybody hated Klefki but easily Klefki is one of my favorites. I think usually the most lazy designs go to water Pokemon but even some people must love Basculin. 
            I like Wailord. That is my answer to that statement.
        It's not lazy in the sense they look bad. Most people are already over that. Rather, it's lazy because some are obvious replacement for older ones, like a zubat-like, a voltorbe-like, geodude-like. It didn't bother me because I see it as a soft reboot, but I understand how people might be annoyed.
            Every gen has a Ratata-like or a Pigey-like or a Caterpie-like that no one really takes a second look at.
                I think people will overlook stupid things if they're traditional. We've had new rt 1 common Pokemon every generation, it's just how it works. But BW pushed it too far I'd say and was the only generation to push it that far, so it stands out like a sore thumb, like how XY and SM have been doing too much in the opposite direction, favoring throwing in old, seen and done Pokemon to excuse a small number of new Pokemon. I feel like Gen 3 and 4 struck nice balances, particularly in their usages of Pokemon from previous generations that didn't get much love, eg. making Murkrow, Skarmory, Misdreavus and a bunch of other Gen 2 Pokemon available (and viable) earlier on so people remembered they actually existed.
                    I mean they had a Chansey replacement! Screw them, you can't replace Chansey.
I loved the original Black and White. My favourite game in the whole series (haven't played Sun/Moon yet, but it might just change my mind.) I like that they had all new Pokemon instead of the same old ones being thrown at you again and again. Some Pokemon weren't as great as others but there's lots of them that I love like Joltik/Galvantula and the whole Snivy line. The story was great too, Team Plasma is probably my favourite villain team. And N is a great character. I've never played Black/White 2 though so I don't know if they're better or not.
    Pokémon BW are criminally overrated games by stupid critics. I think they deserve a bad reputation. I think Twewy is better because the story isn’t shoved down my throat.
I used to think that BW (NOT B2W2) had the best story, but now, playing through SM, I'm having *second* thoughts on where BW stands, story wise. Pokémon design in Gen 5 was a bit lackluster, and I did find it weird that it was impossible to get the first 493 without postgame trading from DPPtHGSS.
    I think the story for BW1 was better written, Sun and Moon's story, while better than X and Y's, and most of the other ones, is a pretty lackluster one on it's own. 
        Eh, personally, Sun and Moon's was good for the plot twist at the end (not gonna say it, just wait ;), just like how N in BW didn't know about Ghetsis's plans until the end of the game.
            We all knew it was coming, was the thing, and they didn't really DO anything with the twist, at least BW1 had Ghetsis' plan make sense within the context of the game.
                Fair enough. This is the reason why I loved the first half of Gen 5 when everyone I knew hated it.
                    I don't see why GameFreak is so afraid to use Gen 5 as a reference anymore. Are they afraid of the Go/Gen 1 crowd?
                        Haha, probably
                        Of course. That's why they've recieved so much pandering since 2013.
Pros:

* large local Pokedex
* a fantastic for its time story
* world feels larger than previous gens
* generally more mature take

Neutral

* harder to grind
* a lot of the Pokemon are rehashes of older Pokemon especially Gen I

Cons:

* Unovan Pokemon evolve at frustratingly high levels
* Unovan Pokemon have frustratingly limited movepools
* arguably most linear games in the main series
* the power creep is ridiculous
I really enjoyed BW at the time, it was very brave of them to go with all new Pokémon and it definitely felt like a step in the right direction after the (in my opinion) disappointing DPP.

That said, returning to the game later, the world seems a bit empty and I find it much more of a slog than I did first time through. 
    I agree. It's slow, but I loved it the first time.

I'd liken it too Alola in that case, I really enjoyed it, but there's no way I'm playing through the glacial early game again. This is coming from someone whose restarted most of his games 3+ times each

It wasn't as hand-holdy, but it was really exposition heavy. If you know the story already, it's going to feel sooo slow
        I've replayed each gen a billion times, it's a literal obsession.. Gen 5 is my favorite to replay alongside ORAS, but after the first five hours of SM.. I actually said "Yeah, I'm going to fucking hate doing this again"
            SuMo was terrible in the early game, holy shit!

I remember thinking "Alright, so when do I get my starter Pokemon?" Then it took another five years after that to get to the first trial, even.

After the story started to pick up, though, it got so much better. Made up for all that stalling at the beginning. Fuck replaying it, though.
    This is exactly how I felt. I was very disappointed with DPP. They had some cool Pokemon and starters though.
I liked BW1, and i had an easy way to power level my mons by going to the crater place (cant remember its exact name) but the shaking grass patches would spawn high level Audino's which give a fuckton of XP. Slap a lucky egg on your mon, swap it out with a high level mon with a fighting move and watch the levels roll in.
Still my favorite, although Sun and Moon comes close.

Original story, awesome music, good balance, good designs for the most part.

BW2 on a technical standpoint is even better, with what probably is the biggest post-game we've ever had (something has been lacking honestly since X/Y, even in S/M). But I still have a preference for BW's story.
    BW2 had one of my favorite post game bits. Going to Numeva town and entering the BW protagonist's home. That stung pretty badly, all things considered.
I like the pokemon and the region, but I don't get the story praise I see on the subreddit here. Yes, they tried to give the story more of a focus and the gym leaders actually doing stuff is a great addition. But there was so much pointless talking... Cheren and Whatsherface are pretty annoying and are pretty bland, Team Plasma leader's endless philosophical lectures are sleep inducing and go nowhere and make no sense and I didn't feel particularly invested in any of it. It had decent ideas, but the execution was just meh imo.

Maybe the German translation was just bad? I don't know.

Pokemon S/M is already miles better, with likable, expressive characters (sans Mr stepford smile main character, but oh well) and the endless fountain of joy that is team skull.
General consensus these days is that BW are some of the best Pokémon games ever made 
Pretty good games, though I enjoyed the sequels more from a gameplay standpoint, I love how complete Unova was, and I HATE the direction GF took after Gen 5, Kalos was fucking garbage and Alola, while much better, should've followed more in Gen 5's footsteps.

In summation: I thought Gen 5 as a whole was really strong, arguably the strongest in the series, like they stood on their own with and without the old Pokemon, and that's what I ask for in a Pokemon game.
I didn't have a whole lot of time to play it when it came out. And by the time I did start playing, they shut down all the online battling/trading :/
    That's me! Just played both Gen 5 games a few months back for the first time and loved it. Would have been even better with GTS access.
    I finally ordered myself a copy of White, so I've resigned myself to the fact that I'm not going to catch 'em all this time.
I've heard people say that it they were hard games but I didn't have any trouble beating it once for all three starters.
I loved black and white and black 2 and white 2- one of my favorite ones for nuzlocke. They both had great stories.
I loved them.
Best story, strong post game, and not quite as stupid easy as the other gens.  Also, gen V finally gave us some decent bug Pokémon.  Gen V is still my favorite, but I'm loving sun/moon.
B/W are still my favourite games of all time. I love the story, and it has some of the best Pokemon designs in my opinion.

It takes a much more serious tone, but is able to bring some lighthearted aspects into the story.

Overall, these are great games with solid gamplay, story, and characters.
    I thought the story was garbage.
[deleted]
I think one of strongest points of B/W1 for me, even above all the other awesome shit, is that the entire game was nothing but new Pokemon. I was rediscovering the Pokemon world for the first time since my first Pokemon game, back in gen II.

Then B/W2 ruined it by mixing in old Pokemon...even though B/W2 are currently my top pick for best Pokemon game so far.

I wish they'd make more games where the entire inhabitants of a region are new Pokemon.
I know a guy who did an entire panel on why he thinks Gen 5 was bad. I don't really agree however.
I loved BW designs because they had a same niche different species feel.

Given so much as i love hoenn,johto,kanto and shinno, especially the former, i would dare to say Black and White  are my favorite mainline games so far barring Colloseum,such a great completely new roster of Pokemon ,insanely big and varied ,most of them really polished ,some more odd than others ,but generally great designed ,a rather serious story much more mellowed than how the previous ones were and at the very highest peak ,it was  actually a challenging game which took you into some hard stages where you may be having a hard time for being able to train your pokemon well and long enough to happen to be experienced enough to confidently face the league ,BEST OF ALL TIME
My favorite Pokemon games of all time. I like them over DPPT. Also my favorite starters and Pokemon. I'm pretty sure most people prefer sinnoh and most people always compare the two. 
B2 and W2 were the game that Black and White SHOULD have been, had it not been for Game Freak's strict "1 game every year" pattern. I'm glad they took a year off to make sure SM was as good as it could be, because the results show
I've been playing Pokemon on and off since Red and Blue. To me, the series had peaked with Gold and Silver--I thought Ruby and Sapphire were disappointing, and could barely finish Diamond because I found it so stale and uninspired by that point. Black and White changed all that.

Black/White revitalised the series, IMHO. It did its own thing, took some risks by taking away pokemon from previous generations. It actually paid attention to story and characters, and the antagonists actually had a motivation that people would relate to even if they weren't crazy -- N is still the best-realised character in a Pokemon game. 

The game is linear, but so are most other Pokemon games. Not all the mon designs are good, but that's true of every generation. The sprite animation is pixelly, but brings the game to life, and moves at a speed that doesn't make you want to shoot yourself in the face. There are loads of small qualify of life improvements, like faster text scrolling, that make the whole experience more enjoyable.

Most importantly, having a game as unique and fresh as BW gave Game Freak creative room to make the glorious slice of fan service that is X and Y.
i liked B/W's story about Pokemon Liberation, but everything else was meh
Interesting to see all the varied responses in here. For some reason at the time, the Unova games didn't leave as much of an impression as some others. I thought the story was ok in both- N and Ghetsis were interesting but Team Plasma as a whole never really did it for me. And then there's the B2/W2 rival whose character is essentially 'help me find this Purrloin'. Something about that just irked me lol. I think B2/W2 is probably the least enjoyable story for me.

The Gen 5 games definitely did a lot of good however. I mean there are some legit great designs in there (Galvantula, Scolipede, Golurk, Volcarona <3), and the games have some substantial postgame content (moreso in B2/W2 with PWT) which has been lacking in every generation that has followed (cough X/Y). Also when can we get Challenge mode back, seriously.

As it happens, I'm currently replaying Black 2 and it's better than I remember it the first time around. Maybe because I'm not actively trying to streak in Battle Subway and raging at all the Chesto Rest sets :P
I don't think anyone really denies the plot was anything less than spectacular (for a Pokemon game), though there are plenty of people who pan the way the plot was railroaded.  There's also the fact previously mentioned by others that the game lifts a lot of old concepts directly into new Pokemon and other elements.

In that light, I see two ways to look at Black and White.  One could see it as a fresh return to form, with a completely brand new execution, a plot full of memorable characters and Pokemon, and homages to the past that make it still retain familiarity.  Or, one could see the game as a poorly executed pander, taking long beloved ideas and unnecessarily wrapping them into clunky ill-designed packages, and a plot that beats you over the head with dialogue and doesn't let you explore.

In general, most people I find speak of Black and White in the former.
From what I heard, it was the unova designs that got hte most panning, as well as the fact gen 5 ccame a year after HGSS
Well I found out that me and my buddies agree on one thing: games were good, but they were for "one time". Their replayability really seems weak, not sure why exactly, but most likely it has something to do with the way how region is leading you from point A to B to C to not get lost in the dessert to D. While in older games you could experiment with figuring out where the right path was. 

Gen IV is propably my favourite because I **loved** getting lost in Mount Coronet and Victory Road, while in gen V there simply was no option to feel truly lost.
I like Gen 5. But that may be because I just really hated Gen 6, and feel indifferent to Gen 4 (despite the good mechanic changes)

I'd definitely consider it my third favourite.
I didn't like it at first, but now its one of my favorite Ds entries. As for a general consensus, I think its either you love it or hate it. I loved how large the story was and it was my first Pokemon game that I didn't beat in a day ( besides sapphire and firered, but I was little at the time)
Black and white iis top tier for me. Amazing games imo. It's got a lot of my favourite Pokemon in it (Cofagrigus, Seismitoad, Leavanny), the story is ballin, just all around a rad time. It's a bit of a black sheep though so I do understand why some don't feel as warmly towards it.
I loved B/W. The immersion worked for me (it didn't at all in any game from gen 6), in particular thanks to the visuals of Desert Resort and the vocals of Village Bridge.
After PokemonGO, I bought a 3DS and 3 games; ORAS, X/Y, and B/W1. 

I LOVED ORAS and X/Y .... a lot. As for B/W1, I just could not get into it. I just didn't really like anything about it. I think it's still just sitting there, maybe 5-6 hours played. Maybe I'll go back, maybe not. 
    We're completely different, then. It took me months to finish the 3DS games because of how bored I was with then. Different strokes, I guess. Glad Go made you a fan.
        I loved the cartoon as a kid, played and collected the cards, and played the first few generations. PoGo just brought me back :)
Amazing games, they just didn't age too well since XY and sunmoon took graphics to such a high level
Black or white version, which should I get?
    Black for Truth
White for Ideals
LOVE them. Favorite games story-wise… though maybe behind Sun & Moon now!!!
The games in my opinion were really great. The story line was impeccable. The villainous team was one of the two actually villainous teams in the pokemon world. However I found the block-y graphics annoying especially with how great the pokemon in HGSS looked. I believe that was its biggest and quiet possibly only downfall the absolutely horrible graphics.

Edit: The inability to catch non-unova pokemon was also a downfall. However a lot of the unova pokemon were actually done well (save for a few *cough* garbage pokemon *cough*) Although that can be said for every generation there are always some of those pokemon.
Looooooved it. Probably my favorite generation. As a Dark-type specialist, it had so many good choices for me - even just design wise.
I hated having to use exclusively gen 5 pokemon because I disliked at least most of the ones you had early on. I also don't care for Team Plazma. There were just generally a lot of things about BW1 that I didn't care about or straight up disliked. BW2, though were great imo. 
I didn't love or hate it, but it was probably one of the only pokemon games where I just kind of stopped playing. It's not that I hated it, but I just lost interest I guess? 
I loved Gen 5.  B/W were some of my most fondly remembered Pokemon experiences.  Can't decide if B/W or HG/SS were my favourite on the DS.
What I think is really interesting is how different gen 5 is. All the other gens, bar alola, feel rather similar. Even with their differences, the games still have the same feel. And alola probably feels so different cause it rehauled the whole system: islands, kahunas, trials, no gyms, no champion. It's interesting how unova feels so different when it does have the same gyms, elite four, champion (not really in BW, but whatever) format.
What I typically hear/see is good story, bad Pokemon. The new way to calculate experience gained seems to be universally praised, especially since Sun/Moon brought it back and paired it with the Exp All.
    The only problem with the exp system in sun/moon is that reaching level 100 is required for hyper training, and having the enemies you can face capping out in the 50-60 range really makes the late levels a drag with scaling exp.

Otherwise, using it for catch up with the new exp share is great.
If black 1 white 1 was your first or second pokemon entry, you'll say it's good. BW2 was pretty good however
    This is a really enormous generalization. I played every pokemon game prior to BW1 and I loved them.
    Been playing since red/blue first released in the states like 20 years ago.  I love gen V.  
    Japanese Green was my first in 96. BW are definitely the best generation.

27 years old, BTW.
Black was, to me, the worst one I ever played. I thought the 3D modelling, UI and graphics overall were pretty ugly (after playing the super colourful HGSS) and despite completing it nothing strikes me as memorable - that said, I went back to my old save a week ago and I do kinda dig how they made a couple of the cities feel very busy and New Yorkey. Black City felt so unfinished, though. 
Pokemon B&W are the only pokemon games where I didn't beat the elite 4 because I didn't care enough and not because of any skill cap
Younger me didn't really like a lot of the Pokemon designs in White, but did notice how much better the story was than Diamond. I've since traded it in, so I can't really make a comment about how I feel about it now.
Horrible games that don't deserve to be called pokemon.
    Pretty bold statement, any reasons?
        It's just not pokemon without the ones we know and love. It might as well have been called something else.  
Also the desert areas were incredibly tedious.
Plasma!! Also, Lilligant and Whimsicott, my two favorite Pokemon.. are you my brother?
    Replied to self accidentally, see above 
    hey its me ur brother
    Whimsicott is my favourite, and lilligant is waaay up there too o:
OMG yes gen 5 made grass my favorite type

Comrade!!
    Holy shit, this is hilarious!
> landorus, thundurus, and tornadus

Weren't there also complaints about the Genies' abilities and move sets? Some people even joked that Smogon designed them.
    The genies are used everywhere in competitive battles, so... I could see people complain, allthough I haven't seen many complaints myself.
I love how people complain about the genies meanwhile the regis are a Piece of rock, an iceberg and whatever the fuck registeel is with some dots on their face

Azelf, uxie and mesprit as as much aesthetic change as the genies 
    I think the real kicker for the Kami trio is that their in-game sprites are, minus their small aesthetic differences, pixel-for-pixel identical.  They hold their bodies in the same rigid pose, they all stare at you with the same piercing eyes, and their odd facial structure means they can't even have varying expressions.  Even the Regis have different braille dot patterns on their faces.
        It probably says something about how badly they were designed that even though they all looked the same, I still can't remember what they look like. I can picture Landorus therian forme, but only because that was the coolest design.
    Not to mention Magnemite and Voltorb are just floating magnets and a living pokeball respectively. People like to make fun of the new Pokemon while ignoring the first generation was just animals / items with supernatural abilities. 
I would like if Game freak made Gen 8 with purely exclusive Pokemon from that gen.
    Based on the past couple of gens, I'd say the following is far more likely: "We're proud to introduce a new region of Pokemon! Here, you can only catch Pokemon new to this generation......... plus Gen I! We're sure you'll agree it's just not a Pokemon game without Zubats filling every cave and a Magikarp on every hook. But don't worry: We know you don't want to be burdened with catching too many pre-existing monsters, so we've taken the liberty of forgetting that every other Pokemon from Gen II onward ever existed. Enjoy your route 1 Caterpie, Nuzlockers!"
        Fuck it, here's a Torchic and Lucario.
        Brah, Ash and I both love our butterfrees.
I don't think "rip offs" was a valid complaint.. it was kind of the start of Alolan forms if you think about it. Most of the Gen V cast seem like they were designed purposely to mirror Gen I Pokemon since it was the first generation to leave Japan. Pokemon distribution would likely be different due to living on an entire other continent(of course Hoenn, Sinnoh. Etc are "different continents"). It was to be sort of familiar, but different because it's a different world than the other games. That's how I always took it at least. 
the problem with ONLY NEW GEN ROSTER is that the gameplay needs some niches to exist due to the way it plays, so they ended up filling those niches with pokemons that did the same as the old ones, this ended up adding little to pokemon as a whole (did we really need basculin and watchog?). 

imagine i was told to invent a new lightbulb for tomorrow and the next day i bring a lightbulb thats sightly different but i broke all the other ones so now you have to use this one which is the same.  GameFreak learned from this, thats why gen 6 & 7 added so few new pokemon, because there was no need to make replacements for everyone that added little to the gameplay. most pokemon in sun and moon are pretty unique gameplay wise
> Other criticisms are less valid (making fun of an ice cream and garbage Pokemon).

Ice Cream Pokemon is shiiiiiit. Trubbish should have been part ghost and it might have been more accepted.
    Fuck you Vannilluxe is my shit. I named mine Elsa because it can create ice and everyone hates it for no good reason other than overexposure from being hated.
        >everyone hates it for no good reason other than overexposure from being hated.  
  
This is a sentence I've tried to formulate many times but never got right. You nailed it, and I thank you for that.
        I like the Vanillite line. Only three-stage pure Ice type.
        Yeah considering unova is based off the NYC area the Mr. Softee like and Vannilluxe and trash on corner Trubbish are on point
        Vanilluxe is one of my favorite Pokémon, I used one in my first run of White and he was a boss.  Still have him on Bank I believe.
Team *why the fuck does it take 40 seconds to save*

Team *4 hour side quest to get a meowth*
    You must be confusing 5gen with 4gen when talking about saving. BW(2) saves pretty quickly. DPPtHGSS on the other hand... It takes literally a full minute to erase data ( https://youtu.be/-IUbUF8cnVA?t=6m43s ), and saving takes almost 30 seconds if you have mucked around with the storage system.
        deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7262  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/88673)
    You're two-timing Team "4 Hour" with Team "Why The Fuck"? If one of them finds out about it, you're going to get a real how's-your-mother.
What are the consensuses on the other games? I know Gen I is "the best one" and Gen II "the forgotten one", but what about the others?
    I think it's safe to say that Gen III is the "best one." More people were up-in-arms over a remake than Final Fantasy VII fans, who had to wait twice as long.

I started playing Pokemon during Gen II, and played Gen I before Gen III came out. Even still, Emerald will always be one of the top 3 after B/W2, and might only get knocked down to third by SuMo.

As good as the games have been for the past few years, I think Gen III holds a special place in every fan's heart. Even moreso than Gen I's nostalgia does (or, in my case, Gen II).
        I couldn't ever really get into gen iii for some reason. I mean don't get me wrong I love them and the remakes especially but for me they are the weakest in the series. Except FRLG now those I can always go back to.
        Gen III is where I started, and to me, it "modernised" pokemon and was the start of really interesting designs for pokemon.
I'll still never understand why people hated the new pokemon designs in Gen 5. People will constantly point out the Trubbish and Vanillite line was "not creative" but will blindly defend the Grimer, Voltorb and Magnemite line. 
    I'll always hate vanillite forever because I can't tell if they're selling them as food or if the ice cream they sell in game is just modeled after them. Garbodor is a Pokémon I hated at first but fell in love after using him as a joke 2v2 battling with my friends. It's pretty funny creating memories of Garbodor being the one to end the battle with a trash can being flung at the other Pokémon (gunk shot)
    I never understood the logic that if a Pokemon is based on an animal it's fine, but if it's based on an inanimate object it's uncreative. In my opinion, it's easier to think of basing a Pokemon on an animal than an inanimate object. 
        Well Pokemon are sort of meant to be animal analogies, 'super animals' in a way. So thinking up something that could feasibly live and eat and exist in the wild while still making an interesting ally is impressive, but sticking googly eyes on a pencilcase and calling it "Pencilcaze" is pretty naff.

I have a similar problem with fighting types; its hard to justifiably believe in. Throh and Sawk look like removalists, I'm more likely to find them on a smoko rather than growing up in a forest. 
            We're talking about creativity and originality here.

Having a googly pencilcase named "Pencilcaze" as a pet is still more creative and original than having a freaking purple rat named "Rattata" or a pidgeon named "Pidgey". I mean, they're plain cartoon versions of real animals. Period.

Even if Pencilcaze would be a damn bad design, it's miles more original than Pidgey, Rattata, Grimer and lots of other pokémon most people don't seem to have any issue with.
            It's Throh and Sawk.
                You are correct
        Agreed! I love the line of ghost pokemon that are essentially just a possessed object. Rotom, driftloon, Chandelure, Aegislash, and now Palosand. I think they're really flavorful pokemon ideas. 
    Not just those lines but Druddigon, Klinklang, Simi-monkeys, Unfezant, Watchog, Conkeldurr, Amoongus, genie trio...  are all commonly disliked designs. 
        Just those two come in mind because everyone I knew that "hated" gen 5, only gave those two as their main excuse for hating the BW series. It may be their reason but it's a very weak reason seeing how Gamefreak has been equally "not creative" with their designs in the past and the future.
    Don't forget Exeggcute is just eggs!
        no theyre psychic eggs
    Gen V brought us whimsicott. Gen I has nothing on that.
        I am so glad about Whimsicott's existence. It's my absolute-favorite Pokemon that I can't go without using in any of my playthrough from B/W to S/M. 
    I'm one of the people who didn't love the gen's designs, but it was never Trubbish or Vannilite. The ones that bothered me were the ones that were so similar to past generations. 

By not including any old pokémon, they had the opportunity to do something really interesting with the formula, introducing crazy and exotic types early on, even changing up the formula by changing the early experience... And then we got a bunch of clones of old Pokémon instead. Woobat instead of Zubat. Bouffalant instead of Tauros. Boldore instead of Graveler. These were functionally almost exactly the same pokémon with a slightly tweaked design, and that bugged me. 

They're not bad games by any means, I don't think any of the mainline games are, and there are designs from Gen V I absolutely love, Bisharp, Reuniclus, Cofagrigus, and so on, I was just very underwhelmed by the samey nature of a lot of the designs. I know "Why isn't Alomamola a Luvdisc evolution" is practically a dead horse at this point, but it's the perfect example of my problem with those games, many designs feel like the Chinese bootleg knockoff version of Pokémon who already exist. The ice cream pokémon were silly, as were Chandelure, and the Burt and Ernie duo, but at least they felt like like were new ideas. I'm a big time champion for Klefki in Gen VI, because it's an endearing design unlike any existing pokémon, so so cares if it's a keychain. More like those, less like Swoobat.

Also Sigilyph is the actual worst pokémon design. I don't like it. 
        Very good and valid points. Some of the samey-designs really did irk me but I just played it off as "New Region, New Style" like how there's the normal version and Alolan version at the moment. Sometimes I honestly don't like it when the games kind of give you more of the old classics than the new types. I always like to experiment with new pokemon and not feel like I have to rely on the old ones.
            I think the Alolan forms are a really brilliant idea, because it lets me have my old favorites with a new spin. Having a new version of Geodude, for example, is way more exciting to me personally than having a(nother) Geodude stand-in. 

I'm with you on mainly using new Pokémon when I play a new gen, that's definitely what I'm doing this time through, I just found myself not liking most of the early designs in B/W, with many designs I did like locked late into the game, which was a shame. 

Obviously it's very much personal taste, and some of the Gen V hate has gotten really tired. I think those are great games other than the designs being mostly underwhelming, and I know some people have them highly on their list, even their favorites ever. I can get why, I just had too many hungups with them personally.
        It's funny thought that while the aesthetic designs are the same, each of them got their own unique take in gameplay.
    It's about being over designed. Everything in gen 5 felt like it had waaaay too many lines 
        Yeah, holy shit Gothitelle? God damn. I think it has something to do with the fact that it was the first generation to feature Pokemon designed by western staff. Although they came up with Golurk, who is actually pretty rad in my books.
            Only a handful was designed by the west, right?
                Yeah, and I think it might've even just been one guy. Something else certainly compounded on that generations designs, although there are some really cool designs amongst the lot. Volcarona is awesome for example.
        Really? I only got that vibe from most of the legendaries.
    I didn't like a lot of them because they felt like replacements for the 1st gen pokemon than their own thing, such as Audino and Chansey, Throh and Sawk with Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan, klink and magneton...
    For me, there's only a small handful of memorable ones from gen 5. That being said, Krookodile will forever be one of my favorites.
    I just voiced the general consensus, I honestly feel like Gen 5 had some great designs and was probably on par with other Gens in terms of quality.

Maybe since they had to create so many new pokémon the number of forgetable designs is a bit higher than usual, but that's just logical. You cannot make 150+ new pokémon and expect most of them to be remarkable. Actually, they did a better job at that than Gen 1, in my opinion.

The only tiny gripe I have, and I can hardly put my finger on something concrete, is that most of the Gen 5 pokémon seem to share a common style that is somewhat different from the overall stylistic trend of the series. I don't know why, but looking at the Gen 5 list they all seem similar in a way, but different from all other mons (but no, I'm not falling for the "they look like Digimons!" thing, ugh)... Maybe I'm imagining things :P

EDIT: Oh, and I love Vanillite and Trubbish!
    Vanillite is shit. Across all gens, across all designs, it's shit.
    they are the first of the series. they made them from scratch. there is no inspiration taken to make those from gen1, just creativity. when you start to get to 500+ pokes and you need to make at least 100 to put in the new game (throwing the number out there), it starts to get much harder. how can you criticize any gen 1 pokemon when they were literally the first of their kind? you really cant.
        Yeah but just because there was no inspiration for a Pokeball with eyes, doesn't mean it should be safe from criticism. You can't just ignore the past for the lack of creativity just because it wasn't already there to give Gamefreak the idea of making it in the first place.
            if anything you should be more forgiving of a pokeball with eyes from the first gen than an ice cream cone made like 12 years later lol. you kind of missed my point.

you try yourself to make a pokemon that you know the majority of people have to like or take interest in capturing.. sounds like it would be terribly difficult to have a team of people make 151 fresh ones and make people love most of them.

 now, if you do that for 12 years, you expect better results, right?
                No, I get what you're saying. You're saying how you can't criticize gen 1 because there wasn't a predecessor for it to relate to, like how we can compare B/W to R/B/Y. I'm still saying regardless of how long the time period it was that they were created, shouldn't be an excuse to prevent Gen 1 stuff from being criticized equally for the lack of creativity. 

Edit: If Gamefreak had released Vanillite line early on, would it be safe from criticism regardless? Would Voltorb or Grimer be heavily criticized if it was a "new" pokemon in the newer generation because a Pokeball with eyes or purple slime with a face is considered "new and creative"?
                    im not saying you cant criticize gen one pokes at all, not by a long shot. i think there are some bad designs from gen one. im just simply saying it should be way less strict of a criticism considering the pokemon they are making 12 and now even 20 years later that are still some terrible designs, but for their time, the ratio to well designed/badly designed for that gen compared to others is better, thats all. 

nostalgia can really make people see in black and white, but that doesnt change the fact that, why yes, the designs should indeed be getting better, and not worse as time goes on, but that doesnt seem to be the case.
                        Alright, I apologize if I came out as aggressive in my comments. I'm just an avid Gen 5 fan and when people try to hate it on for the only reason being "terrible designs" when previous generations were guilty of it too, it just makes me annoyed that they turn a blind eye on the past stuff.
                            i think black and white two are probably the best pokemon games ever made, but thats my opinion. we all defend our favorites, no biggie, there are always other perspectives.
    I'm pretty sure the #1 reason why any person hates any pokemon is because they think it is ugly. However, that's not a satisfying enough answer for most people, especially since it can be hard to pinpoint exactly why you think something is ugly, so they try and come up with a "better" reason to justify their hate. It would definitely explain the Garbodor situation since it's no less creative than Muk or Weezing but is, at least in my opinion, significantly uglier.
        Like don't get me wrong, I don't like how certain Gen 5 pokemon look but I'm not going to use that as my reason to hate a generation. The fact that most people who hate the game, seem to use that as their excuse to hate it to the ground is what bothers me, yet they'll still remain loyal to the older generations as if those games didn't have "not creative" designs. 
I've just gotta say that Trubbish and Vanillite somehow overshadow the absolute badass pokemon like Bisharp, Braviary, Hydreigon, Haxorus, Zoroark, and so many others. Seems like these pokemon don't really get praised as much, huh?
    For once, I like Trubbish and Vanillite a lot more than Hydreigon, Haxorus or even Bisharp.

I mean, Trubbish and Vanillite are cute in a way, the others might be cool but are also a bit too edgy for me.
    no such thign as overx or shadx or not, talx doens tmatter
Good fuckin luck training a Deino.

Everyone and their god damn preschooler knows U-Turn, and that fucker is useless until he becomes Hydrigeon.
    At least it's semi-useful as a Zweilous, Larvesta is unreasonably difficult to train.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        Even Scrafty learns a few Dragon moves, and its defense and attack aren't that bad for when you get it.
    > Azumarill

> a pitifully weak Pokemon more suited for defense than offense.

I'm sorry, what are you smoking because I want some of that. 

Azumarill is a Pokemon that is specifically geared to be offensive - It has good defenses and HP which allow it to tank hits, it also gets the ability Huge Power which doubles its Attack stat.

If anything Azumarill is anything but "pitifully weak" - It lacks speed and it doesn't do special attacks. **If you're teaching it things like Ice Beam you're playing with Azumarill *wrong*, pure and simple.**
    Scraps of EXP?  You didn't do Audino genocide?
    [removed]
        It wasn't fairy in gen 5
            So??? It was still a fucking monster with Huge Power
                It was okay
                Be that as it may, it wasn't OU
                    So was Zoroark, who was amazing in BW2. Smogon tiering has no bearing whatsoever on in game usefulness. Anyone who actually used it in that game can vouch for how good Azurmarill was.
                        The argument I was making was for competitive battling. You're probably right on Azumarill being amazing during story and in game battles. All I'm saying is it wasn't OU at the time of 5th gen 
            Even still it had Huge Power which doubles it's attack stat. It's a solid pokemon in every generation past RSE. 
                STAB Huge Power Aqua Jet ain't nothing to scoff at
        The only reason it's in OU in Gen VI is because of it's Fairy typing making it even bulkier.  In Gen V like what's being discussed it may be strong, but it's a little on the slow side of things.
That final string of bosses was the hardest thing to come out of a Pokémon game imo
Wow, I got really really bored and really wasn't engaged at all with the story or characters. interesting
I mean Vanillite and Garbodor arent the best designs, but there were plenty of pokemon witht great designs like Krookodile, Haxorus, and Beartic, not to mention one of the best plots of all time and one of my favorite villains, Colress(even if he seems like a good guy sometimes)
Most of the Pokémon sucked but the legendaries were dope af
Who said it was "crazy difficult"?
    Let me go ask my self from 5 years ago real quick... Or ask the 100+ people who upvoted.

Lots of people say BW was hard, specially compared to the newest Gens. I personally and honestly think the level curve wasn't as busted as Gen 2's, though.
XY was pretty bad in retrospect, yeah. The switch to 3D half-excused it, but the story was atrocious, the leveling curve was pretty bad (too low when using Exp Share, too steep when not using it, haven't had this problem in ORAS or SM) and the post-game was non existent. Didn't even get a third game or a sequel. Thankfully we had ORAS, or else 6th gen would have been the worst gen to ever exist.
    [deleted]
        Yeah, but on the plus side, Hoenn got a better showing this time and a lot of fans were left to appreciate it more after how BORING Kalos was
            Eh, visually I preferred the Kalos region. Remake-Hoenn feels so... stuck on a grid.

But overall, I definitely preferred ORAS and the nostalgia it brought with it.
    Even ORAS was barely passable. I beat the Elite Four, caught the legendaries, and then realized there is nothing else to do after Delta Episode. I can't rematch the E4 because their rematch levels are too high, and there are no good places to go to train. I even googled "ORAS post game" and every thread about it just mentioned downloading a bunch of Blissey teams from QR codes as the best way to get anywhere after the game ends. 
        You know what really makes me sad about ORAS post game is they had a lot to work with to give us a great post game. They literally acknowledged that they left out the Battle Frontier. That was the biggest let down for me over all. 
    To be fair, X and Y made a lot of great QoL changes, but yes, the story is so bad. ^^^^WHY ^^^^WOULD ^^^^YOU ^^^^MAKE ^^^^HIM ^^^^A ^^^^GODDAMN ^^^^DORITO
    I don't know man, just the fact that I could FINALLY play a 3D pokemon makes it a good game in my book, besides the quality of life changes, mega evolutions, increased shiny probability, the battle maison, the little details in pokemon amie, like getting burned with slugma and ghost petting chandelure, and pokemon disliking when you pet them in some places (usually their dangerous body parts)

I can't even imagine the enormous amount of work it took to make the transition to 3D
> By the time you get to the first gym you can capture precisely three other types of pokémon, plus your starter. Compared to Gen I...  where you could easily fill a party with a variety of types by the time you got to Brock.

Well that's because the first gym is more of a tutorial gym in BW, it's supposed to be your first major exposure to type matchups. Note how none of the Pokemon you fight are super effective against nor defensive against each other until you've gotten to the first gym (except for the second fight against Cheren, but for the sake of argument let's consider that a warmup) I'm not justifying it as a good reason, I'm just saying there's a reason why they did it like that. It's also partially why the elemental monkeys exist/ why Cilan exists so I don't like it either. Oh, and I 100% agree on the whole "restricting Pokemon to certain areas" thing being annoying, and that having an entirely new dex meaning that there's actually only one electric type worth using in the story and it's Galvantula.

> if you wanted a Durant in your party

Implying anyone does. Stupid typing, lazy design, and available so late in the game it, along with Heatmor, might as well not exist.

> The story had less hand-holding

I DISAGREE. Or at least that's assuming we're saying hand-holding and railroading are the same thing. If we are, then I DISAGREE. There's the search for that herdier in the ranch that felt like a clumsy introduction to Team Plasma and Hugh's meaningless character arc, there's the part of the game where you're forced to do that boring no skill required movie star studios thing where you're literally told what to do, forced to watch the same thing twice and get no reward for it, and have to sit through a family's squabbles until the plot gets moving. And then there's the trek through the sewers that throws nothing but Grimers, Rattatas and Zubats at you (as if we wanted MORE Zubats and Rattatas) and then after that it's the same game as BW until you've beaten Skyla. That's several hours into the game where the game actually becomes fun to play. BW2 felt fresh the first time but now, looking back, it's a rehash of a region and a rehash of old Pokemon, where the story doesn't become interesting until several hours into the game.

TL;DR BW has problems, BW2 ALSO has problems, in my opinion, its problems are less ignorable.
    > Implying anyone does. Stupid typing, lazy design, and available so late in the game it, along with Heatmor, might as well not exist.

Which proves my point. Would Durant have been a bad choice to pick if it were found in the first or second route? No. It's solid type variety for early in the game - replaceable sure and obviously shit in regards to the competitive scene. But some reason, it's only found at the very end, when most people have already committed to a party, making it another "catch it for the 'dex, then bury it in a box" 'mon.

I don't disavow that B&W2 weren't perfect either, but they were a step in the right direction in terms of making Unova more interesting to play through. Yes the plot is still railroaded, though in my opinion it wasn't as bad in B&W2, as the game had more optional areas. One of Unova's biggest problems in B&W is how it's literally a straight line. There's never a point like Ecruteak city where you have equal opportunity to go to either Olivine city or Mahogony town. While the path through B&W2 still has less freedom than I would like, there are still plenty of places to go explore that aren't plot relevant. Yes, between Gyms 2 and 6 it's a similar path to B&W1, but the path has been expanded, and there's more to do on that path.
This is literally the best post I've seen describing black and white.
I don't get the "best story" praise. I found it frustrating how that whenever Team Plasma brought up their points, no one ever seemed to have a counter argument. They were just like, "Noooo...Pokemon like fighting..."
    BW2 story is definitely inferior to me. Team Plasma in BW had actually valid motives, N was an interesting character, and the game culminating into the final fight with him and Ghetsis feels just awesome, with becoming the champion actually being a post-game goal.

In BW2, it's the boring "let's rule over the world" kind of stuff. (sure it's Ghetsis goal in both game, but he hides it in the first game, and he is only exposed at the very end, even N didn't know anything about it)
        And pretty much the entire point of Hugh's character was his vendetta against Team Plasma. You could practically imagine him yelling "PLASMA!!!" every time he appeared.
            Even his catchphrase was unforgivably PG 12 edgy. 
                IM GONNA UNLEASH MY RAGE
                I like imagining him as a crazed moron.
        BW1 certainly has a more interesting story, but I find BW2 more enjoyable to play in general.
            I really struggle to replay through BW2, something about the story and how you progress just makes me lose interest after I get past Route 4. All the railroading just got on my nerves, and it felt like you were supposed to catch and use specific Pokemon in each playthrough. It was fresh and interesting the first time, but I just can't replay through it. I've replayed through BW about 4 or 5 times now and have never had a problem, but BW2 just bores me, and I'm not 100% sure why.
                The only thing that BW2 added to the story that I liked was the Pueblo town. Great theme and, though I'm not sure what influenced it, I assume the large Hispanic population in Queens might have something to do with it, even though the buildings look nothing alike.

BW2 is better as a post game, but playing BW, especially the first time with all the new Pokemon, was unmatched until Alola. Plus, I absolutely detest the characters in BW2. BW1 characters were probably the coolests since Kanto.
    Maybe its in the sequel? Idk, I don't remember much of the story..didn't find it interesting enough I guess
        I think the safe to say the sequel takes the story in a different direction.
            HAHAHAHA *ICE* ***EVERYWHERE***
They're not actually remakes they're sequels to the original games and continue and build on the plot of the first games. 
Whoa people did not like the monkey line? I love Simisage, that is insane that people do not enjoy them. It sucks that people though get to nostalgic and we probably wont ever see another generation add this many new Pokemon. A lot of these new Pokemon jumped to my favorites quick such being Chandelure, Volcarona and Krookodile to name a few. 
    [deleted]
        Wait wasn't that just in Japan? I mean I guess I understand it is their opinion but seems insane to vote Simisear under Pokemon such as Unknowns, Muk and Basculin but hey what can we do about it! Lol
            A lot of people like Muk actually. Unown and Basculin on the other hand, yeah they're not popular.
                It's cheating, but I love Alolan Muk.
                I love the Unknown. I'm never going to use one in a fight, but I think they were a cool thing to have hanging around.
            Unown got their own movie, might have something to do with that
                I swear doing a randomizer nuzlocke and getting an Unown is one of the worst things ever. One of the worst Pokemon design and competitive wise. 
    It's because the monkeys were objectively bad compared to most everything else. 
    They get given to you early in the game, but aren't actually all that good, and unless you get the fire type one, you can easily get a better grass or water type. Hell, if you hold off until Castelia, you can get a Darumaka, who is a better overall fire monkey. Many people also just don't enjoy the designs. Simipour seems especially unpopular, but apparently Simisear placed at the very bottom of a Japanese popularity poll recently (granted, the poll would determine which Pokemon were distributed in an event, but the point remains). 
i feel the "lazy new ones" argument is really unfair when you consider that stuff like the muk, magnetite, and voltorb line existed. A lot of the new designs were way better than the old ones, imo. 
    I love the argument about "lazy new ones" being used to refer to the inanimate object Pokemon and those ones are my favorites. I mean when I saw SM , I knew I had to have a Palossand. Heck everybody hated Klefki but easily Klefki is one of my favorites. I think usually the most lazy designs go to water Pokemon but even some people must love Basculin. 
        I like Wailord. That is my answer to that statement.
    It's not lazy in the sense they look bad. Most people are already over that. Rather, it's lazy because some are obvious replacement for older ones, like a zubat-like, a voltorbe-like, geodude-like. It didn't bother me because I see it as a soft reboot, but I understand how people might be annoyed.
        Every gen has a Ratata-like or a Pigey-like or a Caterpie-like that no one really takes a second look at.
            I think people will overlook stupid things if they're traditional. We've had new rt 1 common Pokemon every generation, it's just how it works. But BW pushed it too far I'd say and was the only generation to push it that far, so it stands out like a sore thumb, like how XY and SM have been doing too much in the opposite direction, favoring throwing in old, seen and done Pokemon to excuse a small number of new Pokemon. I feel like Gen 3 and 4 struck nice balances, particularly in their usages of Pokemon from previous generations that didn't get much love, eg. making Murkrow, Skarmory, Misdreavus and a bunch of other Gen 2 Pokemon available (and viable) earlier on so people remembered they actually existed.
                I mean they had a Chansey replacement! Screw them, you can't replace Chansey.
Pokémon BW are criminally overrated games by stupid critics. I think they deserve a bad reputation. I think Twewy is better because the story isn’t shoved down my throat.
I think the story for BW1 was better written, Sun and Moon's story, while better than X and Y's, and most of the other ones, is a pretty lackluster one on it's own. 
    Eh, personally, Sun and Moon's was good for the plot twist at the end (not gonna say it, just wait ;), just like how N in BW didn't know about Ghetsis's plans until the end of the game.
        We all knew it was coming, was the thing, and they didn't really DO anything with the twist, at least BW1 had Ghetsis' plan make sense within the context of the game.
            Fair enough. This is the reason why I loved the first half of Gen 5 when everyone I knew hated it.
                I don't see why GameFreak is so afraid to use Gen 5 as a reference anymore. Are they afraid of the Go/Gen 1 crowd?
                    Haha, probably
                    Of course. That's why they've recieved so much pandering since 2013.
I agree. It's slow, but I loved it the first time.

I'd liken it too Alola in that case, I really enjoyed it, but there's no way I'm playing through the glacial early game again. This is coming from someone whose restarted most of his games 3+ times each

It wasn't as hand-holdy, but it was really exposition heavy. If you know the story already, it's going to feel sooo slow
    I've replayed each gen a billion times, it's a literal obsession.. Gen 5 is my favorite to replay alongside ORAS, but after the first five hours of SM.. I actually said "Yeah, I'm going to fucking hate doing this again"
        SuMo was terrible in the early game, holy shit!

I remember thinking "Alright, so when do I get my starter Pokemon?" Then it took another five years after that to get to the first trial, even.

After the story started to pick up, though, it got so much better. Made up for all that stalling at the beginning. Fuck replaying it, though.
This is exactly how I felt. I was very disappointed with DPP. They had some cool Pokemon and starters though.
BW2 had one of my favorite post game bits. Going to Numeva town and entering the BW protagonist's home. That stung pretty badly, all things considered.
That's me! Just played both Gen 5 games a few months back for the first time and loved it. Would have been even better with GTS access.
I finally ordered myself a copy of White, so I've resigned myself to the fact that I'm not going to catch 'em all this time.
I thought the story was garbage.
We're completely different, then. It took me months to finish the 3DS games because of how bored I was with then. Different strokes, I guess. Glad Go made you a fan.
    I loved the cartoon as a kid, played and collected the cards, and played the first few generations. PoGo just brought me back :)
Black for Truth
White for Ideals
The only problem with the exp system in sun/moon is that reaching level 100 is required for hyper training, and having the enemies you can face capping out in the 50-60 range really makes the late levels a drag with scaling exp.

Otherwise, using it for catch up with the new exp share is great.
This is a really enormous generalization. I played every pokemon game prior to BW1 and I loved them.
Been playing since red/blue first released in the states like 20 years ago.  I love gen V.  
Japanese Green was my first in 96. BW are definitely the best generation.

27 years old, BTW.
Pretty bold statement, any reasons?
    It's just not pokemon without the ones we know and love. It might as well have been called something else.  
Also the desert areas were incredibly tedious.
Replied to self accidentally, see above 
hey its me ur brother
Whimsicott is my favourite, and lilligant is waaay up there too o:
Holy shit, this is hilarious!
The genies are used everywhere in competitive battles, so... I could see people complain, allthough I haven't seen many complaints myself.
I think the real kicker for the Kami trio is that their in-game sprites are, minus their small aesthetic differences, pixel-for-pixel identical.  They hold their bodies in the same rigid pose, they all stare at you with the same piercing eyes, and their odd facial structure means they can't even have varying expressions.  Even the Regis have different braille dot patterns on their faces.
    It probably says something about how badly they were designed that even though they all looked the same, I still can't remember what they look like. I can picture Landorus therian forme, but only because that was the coolest design.
Not to mention Magnemite and Voltorb are just floating magnets and a living pokeball respectively. People like to make fun of the new Pokemon while ignoring the first generation was just animals / items with supernatural abilities. 
Based on the past couple of gens, I'd say the following is far more likely: "We're proud to introduce a new region of Pokemon! Here, you can only catch Pokemon new to this generation......... plus Gen I! We're sure you'll agree it's just not a Pokemon game without Zubats filling every cave and a Magikarp on every hook. But don't worry: We know you don't want to be burdened with catching too many pre-existing monsters, so we've taken the liberty of forgetting that every other Pokemon from Gen II onward ever existed. Enjoy your route 1 Caterpie, Nuzlockers!"
    Fuck it, here's a Torchic and Lucario.
    Brah, Ash and I both love our butterfrees.
Fuck you Vannilluxe is my shit. I named mine Elsa because it can create ice and everyone hates it for no good reason other than overexposure from being hated.
    >everyone hates it for no good reason other than overexposure from being hated.  
  
This is a sentence I've tried to formulate many times but never got right. You nailed it, and I thank you for that.
    I like the Vanillite line. Only three-stage pure Ice type.
    Yeah considering unova is based off the NYC area the Mr. Softee like and Vannilluxe and trash on corner Trubbish are on point
    Vanilluxe is one of my favorite Pokémon, I used one in my first run of White and he was a boss.  Still have him on Bank I believe.
You must be confusing 5gen with 4gen when talking about saving. BW(2) saves pretty quickly. DPPtHGSS on the other hand... It takes literally a full minute to erase data ( https://youtu.be/-IUbUF8cnVA?t=6m43s ), and saving takes almost 30 seconds if you have mucked around with the storage system.
    deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7262  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/88673)
You're two-timing Team "4 Hour" with Team "Why The Fuck"? If one of them finds out about it, you're going to get a real how's-your-mother.
I think it's safe to say that Gen III is the "best one." More people were up-in-arms over a remake than Final Fantasy VII fans, who had to wait twice as long.

I started playing Pokemon during Gen II, and played Gen I before Gen III came out. Even still, Emerald will always be one of the top 3 after B/W2, and might only get knocked down to third by SuMo.

As good as the games have been for the past few years, I think Gen III holds a special place in every fan's heart. Even moreso than Gen I's nostalgia does (or, in my case, Gen II).
    I couldn't ever really get into gen iii for some reason. I mean don't get me wrong I love them and the remakes especially but for me they are the weakest in the series. Except FRLG now those I can always go back to.
    Gen III is where I started, and to me, it "modernised" pokemon and was the start of really interesting designs for pokemon.
I'll always hate vanillite forever because I can't tell if they're selling them as food or if the ice cream they sell in game is just modeled after them. Garbodor is a Pokémon I hated at first but fell in love after using him as a joke 2v2 battling with my friends. It's pretty funny creating memories of Garbodor being the one to end the battle with a trash can being flung at the other Pokémon (gunk shot)
I never understood the logic that if a Pokemon is based on an animal it's fine, but if it's based on an inanimate object it's uncreative. In my opinion, it's easier to think of basing a Pokemon on an animal than an inanimate object. 
    Well Pokemon are sort of meant to be animal analogies, 'super animals' in a way. So thinking up something that could feasibly live and eat and exist in the wild while still making an interesting ally is impressive, but sticking googly eyes on a pencilcase and calling it "Pencilcaze" is pretty naff.

I have a similar problem with fighting types; its hard to justifiably believe in. Throh and Sawk look like removalists, I'm more likely to find them on a smoko rather than growing up in a forest. 
        We're talking about creativity and originality here.

Having a googly pencilcase named "Pencilcaze" as a pet is still more creative and original than having a freaking purple rat named "Rattata" or a pidgeon named "Pidgey". I mean, they're plain cartoon versions of real animals. Period.

Even if Pencilcaze would be a damn bad design, it's miles more original than Pidgey, Rattata, Grimer and lots of other pokémon most people don't seem to have any issue with.
        It's Throh and Sawk.
            You are correct
    Agreed! I love the line of ghost pokemon that are essentially just a possessed object. Rotom, driftloon, Chandelure, Aegislash, and now Palosand. I think they're really flavorful pokemon ideas. 
Not just those lines but Druddigon, Klinklang, Simi-monkeys, Unfezant, Watchog, Conkeldurr, Amoongus, genie trio...  are all commonly disliked designs. 
    Just those two come in mind because everyone I knew that "hated" gen 5, only gave those two as their main excuse for hating the BW series. It may be their reason but it's a very weak reason seeing how Gamefreak has been equally "not creative" with their designs in the past and the future.
Don't forget Exeggcute is just eggs!
    no theyre psychic eggs
Gen V brought us whimsicott. Gen I has nothing on that.
    I am so glad about Whimsicott's existence. It's my absolute-favorite Pokemon that I can't go without using in any of my playthrough from B/W to S/M. 
I'm one of the people who didn't love the gen's designs, but it was never Trubbish or Vannilite. The ones that bothered me were the ones that were so similar to past generations. 

By not including any old pokémon, they had the opportunity to do something really interesting with the formula, introducing crazy and exotic types early on, even changing up the formula by changing the early experience... And then we got a bunch of clones of old Pokémon instead. Woobat instead of Zubat. Bouffalant instead of Tauros. Boldore instead of Graveler. These were functionally almost exactly the same pokémon with a slightly tweaked design, and that bugged me. 

They're not bad games by any means, I don't think any of the mainline games are, and there are designs from Gen V I absolutely love, Bisharp, Reuniclus, Cofagrigus, and so on, I was just very underwhelmed by the samey nature of a lot of the designs. I know "Why isn't Alomamola a Luvdisc evolution" is practically a dead horse at this point, but it's the perfect example of my problem with those games, many designs feel like the Chinese bootleg knockoff version of Pokémon who already exist. The ice cream pokémon were silly, as were Chandelure, and the Burt and Ernie duo, but at least they felt like like were new ideas. I'm a big time champion for Klefki in Gen VI, because it's an endearing design unlike any existing pokémon, so so cares if it's a keychain. More like those, less like Swoobat.

Also Sigilyph is the actual worst pokémon design. I don't like it. 
    Very good and valid points. Some of the samey-designs really did irk me but I just played it off as "New Region, New Style" like how there's the normal version and Alolan version at the moment. Sometimes I honestly don't like it when the games kind of give you more of the old classics than the new types. I always like to experiment with new pokemon and not feel like I have to rely on the old ones.
        I think the Alolan forms are a really brilliant idea, because it lets me have my old favorites with a new spin. Having a new version of Geodude, for example, is way more exciting to me personally than having a(nother) Geodude stand-in. 

I'm with you on mainly using new Pokémon when I play a new gen, that's definitely what I'm doing this time through, I just found myself not liking most of the early designs in B/W, with many designs I did like locked late into the game, which was a shame. 

Obviously it's very much personal taste, and some of the Gen V hate has gotten really tired. I think those are great games other than the designs being mostly underwhelming, and I know some people have them highly on their list, even their favorites ever. I can get why, I just had too many hungups with them personally.
    It's funny thought that while the aesthetic designs are the same, each of them got their own unique take in gameplay.
It's about being over designed. Everything in gen 5 felt like it had waaaay too many lines 
    Yeah, holy shit Gothitelle? God damn. I think it has something to do with the fact that it was the first generation to feature Pokemon designed by western staff. Although they came up with Golurk, who is actually pretty rad in my books.
        Only a handful was designed by the west, right?
            Yeah, and I think it might've even just been one guy. Something else certainly compounded on that generations designs, although there are some really cool designs amongst the lot. Volcarona is awesome for example.
    Really? I only got that vibe from most of the legendaries.
I didn't like a lot of them because they felt like replacements for the 1st gen pokemon than their own thing, such as Audino and Chansey, Throh and Sawk with Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan, klink and magneton...
For me, there's only a small handful of memorable ones from gen 5. That being said, Krookodile will forever be one of my favorites.
I just voiced the general consensus, I honestly feel like Gen 5 had some great designs and was probably on par with other Gens in terms of quality.

Maybe since they had to create so many new pokémon the number of forgetable designs is a bit higher than usual, but that's just logical. You cannot make 150+ new pokémon and expect most of them to be remarkable. Actually, they did a better job at that than Gen 1, in my opinion.

The only tiny gripe I have, and I can hardly put my finger on something concrete, is that most of the Gen 5 pokémon seem to share a common style that is somewhat different from the overall stylistic trend of the series. I don't know why, but looking at the Gen 5 list they all seem similar in a way, but different from all other mons (but no, I'm not falling for the "they look like Digimons!" thing, ugh)... Maybe I'm imagining things :P

EDIT: Oh, and I love Vanillite and Trubbish!
Vanillite is shit. Across all gens, across all designs, it's shit.
they are the first of the series. they made them from scratch. there is no inspiration taken to make those from gen1, just creativity. when you start to get to 500+ pokes and you need to make at least 100 to put in the new game (throwing the number out there), it starts to get much harder. how can you criticize any gen 1 pokemon when they were literally the first of their kind? you really cant.
    Yeah but just because there was no inspiration for a Pokeball with eyes, doesn't mean it should be safe from criticism. You can't just ignore the past for the lack of creativity just because it wasn't already there to give Gamefreak the idea of making it in the first place.
        if anything you should be more forgiving of a pokeball with eyes from the first gen than an ice cream cone made like 12 years later lol. you kind of missed my point.

you try yourself to make a pokemon that you know the majority of people have to like or take interest in capturing.. sounds like it would be terribly difficult to have a team of people make 151 fresh ones and make people love most of them.

 now, if you do that for 12 years, you expect better results, right?
            No, I get what you're saying. You're saying how you can't criticize gen 1 because there wasn't a predecessor for it to relate to, like how we can compare B/W to R/B/Y. I'm still saying regardless of how long the time period it was that they were created, shouldn't be an excuse to prevent Gen 1 stuff from being criticized equally for the lack of creativity. 

Edit: If Gamefreak had released Vanillite line early on, would it be safe from criticism regardless? Would Voltorb or Grimer be heavily criticized if it was a "new" pokemon in the newer generation because a Pokeball with eyes or purple slime with a face is considered "new and creative"?
                im not saying you cant criticize gen one pokes at all, not by a long shot. i think there are some bad designs from gen one. im just simply saying it should be way less strict of a criticism considering the pokemon they are making 12 and now even 20 years later that are still some terrible designs, but for their time, the ratio to well designed/badly designed for that gen compared to others is better, thats all. 

nostalgia can really make people see in black and white, but that doesnt change the fact that, why yes, the designs should indeed be getting better, and not worse as time goes on, but that doesnt seem to be the case.
                    Alright, I apologize if I came out as aggressive in my comments. I'm just an avid Gen 5 fan and when people try to hate it on for the only reason being "terrible designs" when previous generations were guilty of it too, it just makes me annoyed that they turn a blind eye on the past stuff.
                        i think black and white two are probably the best pokemon games ever made, but thats my opinion. we all defend our favorites, no biggie, there are always other perspectives.
I'm pretty sure the #1 reason why any person hates any pokemon is because they think it is ugly. However, that's not a satisfying enough answer for most people, especially since it can be hard to pinpoint exactly why you think something is ugly, so they try and come up with a "better" reason to justify their hate. It would definitely explain the Garbodor situation since it's no less creative than Muk or Weezing but is, at least in my opinion, significantly uglier.
    Like don't get me wrong, I don't like how certain Gen 5 pokemon look but I'm not going to use that as my reason to hate a generation. The fact that most people who hate the game, seem to use that as their excuse to hate it to the ground is what bothers me, yet they'll still remain loyal to the older generations as if those games didn't have "not creative" designs. 
For once, I like Trubbish and Vanillite a lot more than Hydreigon, Haxorus or even Bisharp.

I mean, Trubbish and Vanillite are cute in a way, the others might be cool but are also a bit too edgy for me.
no such thign as overx or shadx or not, talx doens tmatter
At least it's semi-useful as a Zweilous, Larvesta is unreasonably difficult to train.
[deleted]
    Even Scrafty learns a few Dragon moves, and its defense and attack aren't that bad for when you get it.
> Azumarill

> a pitifully weak Pokemon more suited for defense than offense.

I'm sorry, what are you smoking because I want some of that. 

Azumarill is a Pokemon that is specifically geared to be offensive - It has good defenses and HP which allow it to tank hits, it also gets the ability Huge Power which doubles its Attack stat.

If anything Azumarill is anything but "pitifully weak" - It lacks speed and it doesn't do special attacks. **If you're teaching it things like Ice Beam you're playing with Azumarill *wrong*, pure and simple.**
Scraps of EXP?  You didn't do Audino genocide?
[removed]
    It wasn't fairy in gen 5
        So??? It was still a fucking monster with Huge Power
            It was okay
            Be that as it may, it wasn't OU
                So was Zoroark, who was amazing in BW2. Smogon tiering has no bearing whatsoever on in game usefulness. Anyone who actually used it in that game can vouch for how good Azurmarill was.
                    The argument I was making was for competitive battling. You're probably right on Azumarill being amazing during story and in game battles. All I'm saying is it wasn't OU at the time of 5th gen 
        Even still it had Huge Power which doubles it's attack stat. It's a solid pokemon in every generation past RSE. 
            STAB Huge Power Aqua Jet ain't nothing to scoff at
    The only reason it's in OU in Gen VI is because of it's Fairy typing making it even bulkier.  In Gen V like what's being discussed it may be strong, but it's a little on the slow side of things.
Let me go ask my self from 5 years ago real quick... Or ask the 100+ people who upvoted.

Lots of people say BW was hard, specially compared to the newest Gens. I personally and honestly think the level curve wasn't as busted as Gen 2's, though.
[deleted]
    Yeah, but on the plus side, Hoenn got a better showing this time and a lot of fans were left to appreciate it more after how BORING Kalos was
        Eh, visually I preferred the Kalos region. Remake-Hoenn feels so... stuck on a grid.

But overall, I definitely preferred ORAS and the nostalgia it brought with it.
Even ORAS was barely passable. I beat the Elite Four, caught the legendaries, and then realized there is nothing else to do after Delta Episode. I can't rematch the E4 because their rematch levels are too high, and there are no good places to go to train. I even googled "ORAS post game" and every thread about it just mentioned downloading a bunch of Blissey teams from QR codes as the best way to get anywhere after the game ends. 
    You know what really makes me sad about ORAS post game is they had a lot to work with to give us a great post game. They literally acknowledged that they left out the Battle Frontier. That was the biggest let down for me over all. 
To be fair, X and Y made a lot of great QoL changes, but yes, the story is so bad. ^^^^WHY ^^^^WOULD ^^^^YOU ^^^^MAKE ^^^^HIM ^^^^A ^^^^GODDAMN ^^^^DORITO
I don't know man, just the fact that I could FINALLY play a 3D pokemon makes it a good game in my book, besides the quality of life changes, mega evolutions, increased shiny probability, the battle maison, the little details in pokemon amie, like getting burned with slugma and ghost petting chandelure, and pokemon disliking when you pet them in some places (usually their dangerous body parts)

I can't even imagine the enormous amount of work it took to make the transition to 3D
> Implying anyone does. Stupid typing, lazy design, and available so late in the game it, along with Heatmor, might as well not exist.

Which proves my point. Would Durant have been a bad choice to pick if it were found in the first or second route? No. It's solid type variety for early in the game - replaceable sure and obviously shit in regards to the competitive scene. But some reason, it's only found at the very end, when most people have already committed to a party, making it another "catch it for the 'dex, then bury it in a box" 'mon.

I don't disavow that B&W2 weren't perfect either, but they were a step in the right direction in terms of making Unova more interesting to play through. Yes the plot is still railroaded, though in my opinion it wasn't as bad in B&W2, as the game had more optional areas. One of Unova's biggest problems in B&W is how it's literally a straight line. There's never a point like Ecruteak city where you have equal opportunity to go to either Olivine city or Mahogony town. While the path through B&W2 still has less freedom than I would like, there are still plenty of places to go explore that aren't plot relevant. Yes, between Gyms 2 and 6 it's a similar path to B&W1, but the path has been expanded, and there's more to do on that path.
BW2 story is definitely inferior to me. Team Plasma in BW had actually valid motives, N was an interesting character, and the game culminating into the final fight with him and Ghetsis feels just awesome, with becoming the champion actually being a post-game goal.

In BW2, it's the boring "let's rule over the world" kind of stuff. (sure it's Ghetsis goal in both game, but he hides it in the first game, and he is only exposed at the very end, even N didn't know anything about it)
    And pretty much the entire point of Hugh's character was his vendetta against Team Plasma. You could practically imagine him yelling "PLASMA!!!" every time he appeared.
        Even his catchphrase was unforgivably PG 12 edgy. 
            IM GONNA UNLEASH MY RAGE
            I like imagining him as a crazed moron.
    BW1 certainly has a more interesting story, but I find BW2 more enjoyable to play in general.
        I really struggle to replay through BW2, something about the story and how you progress just makes me lose interest after I get past Route 4. All the railroading just got on my nerves, and it felt like you were supposed to catch and use specific Pokemon in each playthrough. It was fresh and interesting the first time, but I just can't replay through it. I've replayed through BW about 4 or 5 times now and have never had a problem, but BW2 just bores me, and I'm not 100% sure why.
            The only thing that BW2 added to the story that I liked was the Pueblo town. Great theme and, though I'm not sure what influenced it, I assume the large Hispanic population in Queens might have something to do with it, even though the buildings look nothing alike.

BW2 is better as a post game, but playing BW, especially the first time with all the new Pokemon, was unmatched until Alola. Plus, I absolutely detest the characters in BW2. BW1 characters were probably the coolests since Kanto.
Maybe its in the sequel? Idk, I don't remember much of the story..didn't find it interesting enough I guess
    I think the safe to say the sequel takes the story in a different direction.
        HAHAHAHA *ICE* ***EVERYWHERE***
[deleted]
    Wait wasn't that just in Japan? I mean I guess I understand it is their opinion but seems insane to vote Simisear under Pokemon such as Unknowns, Muk and Basculin but hey what can we do about it! Lol
        A lot of people like Muk actually. Unown and Basculin on the other hand, yeah they're not popular.
            It's cheating, but I love Alolan Muk.
            I love the Unknown. I'm never going to use one in a fight, but I think they were a cool thing to have hanging around.
        Unown got their own movie, might have something to do with that
            I swear doing a randomizer nuzlocke and getting an Unown is one of the worst things ever. One of the worst Pokemon design and competitive wise. 
It's because the monkeys were objectively bad compared to most everything else. 
They get given to you early in the game, but aren't actually all that good, and unless you get the fire type one, you can easily get a better grass or water type. Hell, if you hold off until Castelia, you can get a Darumaka, who is a better overall fire monkey. Many people also just don't enjoy the designs. Simipour seems especially unpopular, but apparently Simisear placed at the very bottom of a Japanese popularity poll recently (granted, the poll would determine which Pokemon were distributed in an event, but the point remains). 
I love the argument about "lazy new ones" being used to refer to the inanimate object Pokemon and those ones are my favorites. I mean when I saw SM , I knew I had to have a Palossand. Heck everybody hated Klefki but easily Klefki is one of my favorites. I think usually the most lazy designs go to water Pokemon but even some people must love Basculin. 
    I like Wailord. That is my answer to that statement.
It's not lazy in the sense they look bad. Most people are already over that. Rather, it's lazy because some are obvious replacement for older ones, like a zubat-like, a voltorbe-like, geodude-like. It didn't bother me because I see it as a soft reboot, but I understand how people might be annoyed.
    Every gen has a Ratata-like or a Pigey-like or a Caterpie-like that no one really takes a second look at.
        I think people will overlook stupid things if they're traditional. We've had new rt 1 common Pokemon every generation, it's just how it works. But BW pushed it too far I'd say and was the only generation to push it that far, so it stands out like a sore thumb, like how XY and SM have been doing too much in the opposite direction, favoring throwing in old, seen and done Pokemon to excuse a small number of new Pokemon. I feel like Gen 3 and 4 struck nice balances, particularly in their usages of Pokemon from previous generations that didn't get much love, eg. making Murkrow, Skarmory, Misdreavus and a bunch of other Gen 2 Pokemon available (and viable) earlier on so people remembered they actually existed.
            I mean they had a Chansey replacement! Screw them, you can't replace Chansey.
Eh, personally, Sun and Moon's was good for the plot twist at the end (not gonna say it, just wait ;), just like how N in BW didn't know about Ghetsis's plans until the end of the game.
    We all knew it was coming, was the thing, and they didn't really DO anything with the twist, at least BW1 had Ghetsis' plan make sense within the context of the game.
        Fair enough. This is the reason why I loved the first half of Gen 5 when everyone I knew hated it.
            I don't see why GameFreak is so afraid to use Gen 5 as a reference anymore. Are they afraid of the Go/Gen 1 crowd?
                Haha, probably
                Of course. That's why they've recieved so much pandering since 2013.
I've replayed each gen a billion times, it's a literal obsession.. Gen 5 is my favorite to replay alongside ORAS, but after the first five hours of SM.. I actually said "Yeah, I'm going to fucking hate doing this again"
    SuMo was terrible in the early game, holy shit!

I remember thinking "Alright, so when do I get my starter Pokemon?" Then it took another five years after that to get to the first trial, even.

After the story started to pick up, though, it got so much better. Made up for all that stalling at the beginning. Fuck replaying it, though.
I loved the cartoon as a kid, played and collected the cards, and played the first few generations. PoGo just brought me back :)
It's just not pokemon without the ones we know and love. It might as well have been called something else.  
Also the desert areas were incredibly tedious.
It probably says something about how badly they were designed that even though they all looked the same, I still can't remember what they look like. I can picture Landorus therian forme, but only because that was the coolest design.
Fuck it, here's a Torchic and Lucario.
Brah, Ash and I both love our butterfrees.
>everyone hates it for no good reason other than overexposure from being hated.  
  
This is a sentence I've tried to formulate many times but never got right. You nailed it, and I thank you for that.
I like the Vanillite line. Only three-stage pure Ice type.
Yeah considering unova is based off the NYC area the Mr. Softee like and Vannilluxe and trash on corner Trubbish are on point
Vanilluxe is one of my favorite Pokémon, I used one in my first run of White and he was a boss.  Still have him on Bank I believe.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7262  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/88673)
I couldn't ever really get into gen iii for some reason. I mean don't get me wrong I love them and the remakes especially but for me they are the weakest in the series. Except FRLG now those I can always go back to.
Gen III is where I started, and to me, it "modernised" pokemon and was the start of really interesting designs for pokemon.
Well Pokemon are sort of meant to be animal analogies, 'super animals' in a way. So thinking up something that could feasibly live and eat and exist in the wild while still making an interesting ally is impressive, but sticking googly eyes on a pencilcase and calling it "Pencilcaze" is pretty naff.

I have a similar problem with fighting types; its hard to justifiably believe in. Throh and Sawk look like removalists, I'm more likely to find them on a smoko rather than growing up in a forest. 
    We're talking about creativity and originality here.

Having a googly pencilcase named "Pencilcaze" as a pet is still more creative and original than having a freaking purple rat named "Rattata" or a pidgeon named "Pidgey". I mean, they're plain cartoon versions of real animals. Period.

Even if Pencilcaze would be a damn bad design, it's miles more original than Pidgey, Rattata, Grimer and lots of other pokémon most people don't seem to have any issue with.
    It's Throh and Sawk.
        You are correct
Agreed! I love the line of ghost pokemon that are essentially just a possessed object. Rotom, driftloon, Chandelure, Aegislash, and now Palosand. I think they're really flavorful pokemon ideas. 
Just those two come in mind because everyone I knew that "hated" gen 5, only gave those two as their main excuse for hating the BW series. It may be their reason but it's a very weak reason seeing how Gamefreak has been equally "not creative" with their designs in the past and the future.
no theyre psychic eggs
I am so glad about Whimsicott's existence. It's my absolute-favorite Pokemon that I can't go without using in any of my playthrough from B/W to S/M. 
Very good and valid points. Some of the samey-designs really did irk me but I just played it off as "New Region, New Style" like how there's the normal version and Alolan version at the moment. Sometimes I honestly don't like it when the games kind of give you more of the old classics than the new types. I always like to experiment with new pokemon and not feel like I have to rely on the old ones.
    I think the Alolan forms are a really brilliant idea, because it lets me have my old favorites with a new spin. Having a new version of Geodude, for example, is way more exciting to me personally than having a(nother) Geodude stand-in. 

I'm with you on mainly using new Pokémon when I play a new gen, that's definitely what I'm doing this time through, I just found myself not liking most of the early designs in B/W, with many designs I did like locked late into the game, which was a shame. 

Obviously it's very much personal taste, and some of the Gen V hate has gotten really tired. I think those are great games other than the designs being mostly underwhelming, and I know some people have them highly on their list, even their favorites ever. I can get why, I just had too many hungups with them personally.
It's funny thought that while the aesthetic designs are the same, each of them got their own unique take in gameplay.
Yeah, holy shit Gothitelle? God damn. I think it has something to do with the fact that it was the first generation to feature Pokemon designed by western staff. Although they came up with Golurk, who is actually pretty rad in my books.
    Only a handful was designed by the west, right?
        Yeah, and I think it might've even just been one guy. Something else certainly compounded on that generations designs, although there are some really cool designs amongst the lot. Volcarona is awesome for example.
Really? I only got that vibe from most of the legendaries.
Yeah but just because there was no inspiration for a Pokeball with eyes, doesn't mean it should be safe from criticism. You can't just ignore the past for the lack of creativity just because it wasn't already there to give Gamefreak the idea of making it in the first place.
    if anything you should be more forgiving of a pokeball with eyes from the first gen than an ice cream cone made like 12 years later lol. you kind of missed my point.

you try yourself to make a pokemon that you know the majority of people have to like or take interest in capturing.. sounds like it would be terribly difficult to have a team of people make 151 fresh ones and make people love most of them.

 now, if you do that for 12 years, you expect better results, right?
        No, I get what you're saying. You're saying how you can't criticize gen 1 because there wasn't a predecessor for it to relate to, like how we can compare B/W to R/B/Y. I'm still saying regardless of how long the time period it was that they were created, shouldn't be an excuse to prevent Gen 1 stuff from being criticized equally for the lack of creativity. 

Edit: If Gamefreak had released Vanillite line early on, would it be safe from criticism regardless? Would Voltorb or Grimer be heavily criticized if it was a "new" pokemon in the newer generation because a Pokeball with eyes or purple slime with a face is considered "new and creative"?
            im not saying you cant criticize gen one pokes at all, not by a long shot. i think there are some bad designs from gen one. im just simply saying it should be way less strict of a criticism considering the pokemon they are making 12 and now even 20 years later that are still some terrible designs, but for their time, the ratio to well designed/badly designed for that gen compared to others is better, thats all. 

nostalgia can really make people see in black and white, but that doesnt change the fact that, why yes, the designs should indeed be getting better, and not worse as time goes on, but that doesnt seem to be the case.
                Alright, I apologize if I came out as aggressive in my comments. I'm just an avid Gen 5 fan and when people try to hate it on for the only reason being "terrible designs" when previous generations were guilty of it too, it just makes me annoyed that they turn a blind eye on the past stuff.
                    i think black and white two are probably the best pokemon games ever made, but thats my opinion. we all defend our favorites, no biggie, there are always other perspectives.
Like don't get me wrong, I don't like how certain Gen 5 pokemon look but I'm not going to use that as my reason to hate a generation. The fact that most people who hate the game, seem to use that as their excuse to hate it to the ground is what bothers me, yet they'll still remain loyal to the older generations as if those games didn't have "not creative" designs. 
Even Scrafty learns a few Dragon moves, and its defense and attack aren't that bad for when you get it.
It wasn't fairy in gen 5
    So??? It was still a fucking monster with Huge Power
        It was okay
        Be that as it may, it wasn't OU
            So was Zoroark, who was amazing in BW2. Smogon tiering has no bearing whatsoever on in game usefulness. Anyone who actually used it in that game can vouch for how good Azurmarill was.
                The argument I was making was for competitive battling. You're probably right on Azumarill being amazing during story and in game battles. All I'm saying is it wasn't OU at the time of 5th gen 
    Even still it had Huge Power which doubles it's attack stat. It's a solid pokemon in every generation past RSE. 
        STAB Huge Power Aqua Jet ain't nothing to scoff at
The only reason it's in OU in Gen VI is because of it's Fairy typing making it even bulkier.  In Gen V like what's being discussed it may be strong, but it's a little on the slow side of things.
Yeah, but on the plus side, Hoenn got a better showing this time and a lot of fans were left to appreciate it more after how BORING Kalos was
    Eh, visually I preferred the Kalos region. Remake-Hoenn feels so... stuck on a grid.

But overall, I definitely preferred ORAS and the nostalgia it brought with it.
You know what really makes me sad about ORAS post game is they had a lot to work with to give us a great post game. They literally acknowledged that they left out the Battle Frontier. That was the biggest let down for me over all. 
And pretty much the entire point of Hugh's character was his vendetta against Team Plasma. You could practically imagine him yelling "PLASMA!!!" every time he appeared.
    Even his catchphrase was unforgivably PG 12 edgy. 
        IM GONNA UNLEASH MY RAGE
        I like imagining him as a crazed moron.
BW1 certainly has a more interesting story, but I find BW2 more enjoyable to play in general.
    I really struggle to replay through BW2, something about the story and how you progress just makes me lose interest after I get past Route 4. All the railroading just got on my nerves, and it felt like you were supposed to catch and use specific Pokemon in each playthrough. It was fresh and interesting the first time, but I just can't replay through it. I've replayed through BW about 4 or 5 times now and have never had a problem, but BW2 just bores me, and I'm not 100% sure why.
        The only thing that BW2 added to the story that I liked was the Pueblo town. Great theme and, though I'm not sure what influenced it, I assume the large Hispanic population in Queens might have something to do with it, even though the buildings look nothing alike.

BW2 is better as a post game, but playing BW, especially the first time with all the new Pokemon, was unmatched until Alola. Plus, I absolutely detest the characters in BW2. BW1 characters were probably the coolests since Kanto.
I think the safe to say the sequel takes the story in a different direction.
    HAHAHAHA *ICE* ***EVERYWHERE***
Wait wasn't that just in Japan? I mean I guess I understand it is their opinion but seems insane to vote Simisear under Pokemon such as Unknowns, Muk and Basculin but hey what can we do about it! Lol
    A lot of people like Muk actually. Unown and Basculin on the other hand, yeah they're not popular.
        It's cheating, but I love Alolan Muk.
        I love the Unknown. I'm never going to use one in a fight, but I think they were a cool thing to have hanging around.
    Unown got their own movie, might have something to do with that
        I swear doing a randomizer nuzlocke and getting an Unown is one of the worst things ever. One of the worst Pokemon design and competitive wise. 
I like Wailord. That is my answer to that statement.
Every gen has a Ratata-like or a Pigey-like or a Caterpie-like that no one really takes a second look at.
    I think people will overlook stupid things if they're traditional. We've had new rt 1 common Pokemon every generation, it's just how it works. But BW pushed it too far I'd say and was the only generation to push it that far, so it stands out like a sore thumb, like how XY and SM have been doing too much in the opposite direction, favoring throwing in old, seen and done Pokemon to excuse a small number of new Pokemon. I feel like Gen 3 and 4 struck nice balances, particularly in their usages of Pokemon from previous generations that didn't get much love, eg. making Murkrow, Skarmory, Misdreavus and a bunch of other Gen 2 Pokemon available (and viable) earlier on so people remembered they actually existed.
        I mean they had a Chansey replacement! Screw them, you can't replace Chansey.
We all knew it was coming, was the thing, and they didn't really DO anything with the twist, at least BW1 had Ghetsis' plan make sense within the context of the game.
    Fair enough. This is the reason why I loved the first half of Gen 5 when everyone I knew hated it.
        I don't see why GameFreak is so afraid to use Gen 5 as a reference anymore. Are they afraid of the Go/Gen 1 crowd?
            Haha, probably
            Of course. That's why they've recieved so much pandering since 2013.
SuMo was terrible in the early game, holy shit!

I remember thinking "Alright, so when do I get my starter Pokemon?" Then it took another five years after that to get to the first trial, even.

After the story started to pick up, though, it got so much better. Made up for all that stalling at the beginning. Fuck replaying it, though.
We're talking about creativity and originality here.

Having a googly pencilcase named "Pencilcaze" as a pet is still more creative and original than having a freaking purple rat named "Rattata" or a pidgeon named "Pidgey". I mean, they're plain cartoon versions of real animals. Period.

Even if Pencilcaze would be a damn bad design, it's miles more original than Pidgey, Rattata, Grimer and lots of other pokémon most people don't seem to have any issue with.
It's Throh and Sawk.
    You are correct
I think the Alolan forms are a really brilliant idea, because it lets me have my old favorites with a new spin. Having a new version of Geodude, for example, is way more exciting to me personally than having a(nother) Geodude stand-in. 

I'm with you on mainly using new Pokémon when I play a new gen, that's definitely what I'm doing this time through, I just found myself not liking most of the early designs in B/W, with many designs I did like locked late into the game, which was a shame. 

Obviously it's very much personal taste, and some of the Gen V hate has gotten really tired. I think those are great games other than the designs being mostly underwhelming, and I know some people have them highly on their list, even their favorites ever. I can get why, I just had too many hungups with them personally.
Only a handful was designed by the west, right?
    Yeah, and I think it might've even just been one guy. Something else certainly compounded on that generations designs, although there are some really cool designs amongst the lot. Volcarona is awesome for example.
if anything you should be more forgiving of a pokeball with eyes from the first gen than an ice cream cone made like 12 years later lol. you kind of missed my point.

you try yourself to make a pokemon that you know the majority of people have to like or take interest in capturing.. sounds like it would be terribly difficult to have a team of people make 151 fresh ones and make people love most of them.

 now, if you do that for 12 years, you expect better results, right?
    No, I get what you're saying. You're saying how you can't criticize gen 1 because there wasn't a predecessor for it to relate to, like how we can compare B/W to R/B/Y. I'm still saying regardless of how long the time period it was that they were created, shouldn't be an excuse to prevent Gen 1 stuff from being criticized equally for the lack of creativity. 

Edit: If Gamefreak had released Vanillite line early on, would it be safe from criticism regardless? Would Voltorb or Grimer be heavily criticized if it was a "new" pokemon in the newer generation because a Pokeball with eyes or purple slime with a face is considered "new and creative"?
        im not saying you cant criticize gen one pokes at all, not by a long shot. i think there are some bad designs from gen one. im just simply saying it should be way less strict of a criticism considering the pokemon they are making 12 and now even 20 years later that are still some terrible designs, but for their time, the ratio to well designed/badly designed for that gen compared to others is better, thats all. 

nostalgia can really make people see in black and white, but that doesnt change the fact that, why yes, the designs should indeed be getting better, and not worse as time goes on, but that doesnt seem to be the case.
            Alright, I apologize if I came out as aggressive in my comments. I'm just an avid Gen 5 fan and when people try to hate it on for the only reason being "terrible designs" when previous generations were guilty of it too, it just makes me annoyed that they turn a blind eye on the past stuff.
                i think black and white two are probably the best pokemon games ever made, but thats my opinion. we all defend our favorites, no biggie, there are always other perspectives.
So??? It was still a fucking monster with Huge Power
    It was okay
    Be that as it may, it wasn't OU
        So was Zoroark, who was amazing in BW2. Smogon tiering has no bearing whatsoever on in game usefulness. Anyone who actually used it in that game can vouch for how good Azurmarill was.
            The argument I was making was for competitive battling. You're probably right on Azumarill being amazing during story and in game battles. All I'm saying is it wasn't OU at the time of 5th gen 
Even still it had Huge Power which doubles it's attack stat. It's a solid pokemon in every generation past RSE. 
    STAB Huge Power Aqua Jet ain't nothing to scoff at
Eh, visually I preferred the Kalos region. Remake-Hoenn feels so... stuck on a grid.

But overall, I definitely preferred ORAS and the nostalgia it brought with it.
Even his catchphrase was unforgivably PG 12 edgy. 
    IM GONNA UNLEASH MY RAGE
    I like imagining him as a crazed moron.
I really struggle to replay through BW2, something about the story and how you progress just makes me lose interest after I get past Route 4. All the railroading just got on my nerves, and it felt like you were supposed to catch and use specific Pokemon in each playthrough. It was fresh and interesting the first time, but I just can't replay through it. I've replayed through BW about 4 or 5 times now and have never had a problem, but BW2 just bores me, and I'm not 100% sure why.
    The only thing that BW2 added to the story that I liked was the Pueblo town. Great theme and, though I'm not sure what influenced it, I assume the large Hispanic population in Queens might have something to do with it, even though the buildings look nothing alike.

BW2 is better as a post game, but playing BW, especially the first time with all the new Pokemon, was unmatched until Alola. Plus, I absolutely detest the characters in BW2. BW1 characters were probably the coolests since Kanto.
HAHAHAHA *ICE* ***EVERYWHERE***
A lot of people like Muk actually. Unown and Basculin on the other hand, yeah they're not popular.
    It's cheating, but I love Alolan Muk.
    I love the Unknown. I'm never going to use one in a fight, but I think they were a cool thing to have hanging around.
Unown got their own movie, might have something to do with that
    I swear doing a randomizer nuzlocke and getting an Unown is one of the worst things ever. One of the worst Pokemon design and competitive wise. 
I think people will overlook stupid things if they're traditional. We've had new rt 1 common Pokemon every generation, it's just how it works. But BW pushed it too far I'd say and was the only generation to push it that far, so it stands out like a sore thumb, like how XY and SM have been doing too much in the opposite direction, favoring throwing in old, seen and done Pokemon to excuse a small number of new Pokemon. I feel like Gen 3 and 4 struck nice balances, particularly in their usages of Pokemon from previous generations that didn't get much love, eg. making Murkrow, Skarmory, Misdreavus and a bunch of other Gen 2 Pokemon available (and viable) earlier on so people remembered they actually existed.
    I mean they had a Chansey replacement! Screw them, you can't replace Chansey.
Fair enough. This is the reason why I loved the first half of Gen 5 when everyone I knew hated it.
    I don't see why GameFreak is so afraid to use Gen 5 as a reference anymore. Are they afraid of the Go/Gen 1 crowd?
        Haha, probably
        Of course. That's why they've recieved so much pandering since 2013.
You are correct
Yeah, and I think it might've even just been one guy. Something else certainly compounded on that generations designs, although there are some really cool designs amongst the lot. Volcarona is awesome for example.
No, I get what you're saying. You're saying how you can't criticize gen 1 because there wasn't a predecessor for it to relate to, like how we can compare B/W to R/B/Y. I'm still saying regardless of how long the time period it was that they were created, shouldn't be an excuse to prevent Gen 1 stuff from being criticized equally for the lack of creativity. 

Edit: If Gamefreak had released Vanillite line early on, would it be safe from criticism regardless? Would Voltorb or Grimer be heavily criticized if it was a "new" pokemon in the newer generation because a Pokeball with eyes or purple slime with a face is considered "new and creative"?
    im not saying you cant criticize gen one pokes at all, not by a long shot. i think there are some bad designs from gen one. im just simply saying it should be way less strict of a criticism considering the pokemon they are making 12 and now even 20 years later that are still some terrible designs, but for their time, the ratio to well designed/badly designed for that gen compared to others is better, thats all. 

nostalgia can really make people see in black and white, but that doesnt change the fact that, why yes, the designs should indeed be getting better, and not worse as time goes on, but that doesnt seem to be the case.
        Alright, I apologize if I came out as aggressive in my comments. I'm just an avid Gen 5 fan and when people try to hate it on for the only reason being "terrible designs" when previous generations were guilty of it too, it just makes me annoyed that they turn a blind eye on the past stuff.
            i think black and white two are probably the best pokemon games ever made, but thats my opinion. we all defend our favorites, no biggie, there are always other perspectives.
It was okay
Be that as it may, it wasn't OU
    So was Zoroark, who was amazing in BW2. Smogon tiering has no bearing whatsoever on in game usefulness. Anyone who actually used it in that game can vouch for how good Azurmarill was.
        The argument I was making was for competitive battling. You're probably right on Azumarill being amazing during story and in game battles. All I'm saying is it wasn't OU at the time of 5th gen 
STAB Huge Power Aqua Jet ain't nothing to scoff at
IM GONNA UNLEASH MY RAGE
I like imagining him as a crazed moron.
The only thing that BW2 added to the story that I liked was the Pueblo town. Great theme and, though I'm not sure what influenced it, I assume the large Hispanic population in Queens might have something to do with it, even though the buildings look nothing alike.

BW2 is better as a post game, but playing BW, especially the first time with all the new Pokemon, was unmatched until Alola. Plus, I absolutely detest the characters in BW2. BW1 characters were probably the coolests since Kanto.
It's cheating, but I love Alolan Muk.
I love the Unknown. I'm never going to use one in a fight, but I think they were a cool thing to have hanging around.
I swear doing a randomizer nuzlocke and getting an Unown is one of the worst things ever. One of the worst Pokemon design and competitive wise. 
I mean they had a Chansey replacement! Screw them, you can't replace Chansey.
I don't see why GameFreak is so afraid to use Gen 5 as a reference anymore. Are they afraid of the Go/Gen 1 crowd?
    Haha, probably
    Of course. That's why they've recieved so much pandering since 2013.
im not saying you cant criticize gen one pokes at all, not by a long shot. i think there are some bad designs from gen one. im just simply saying it should be way less strict of a criticism considering the pokemon they are making 12 and now even 20 years later that are still some terrible designs, but for their time, the ratio to well designed/badly designed for that gen compared to others is better, thats all. 

nostalgia can really make people see in black and white, but that doesnt change the fact that, why yes, the designs should indeed be getting better, and not worse as time goes on, but that doesnt seem to be the case.
    Alright, I apologize if I came out as aggressive in my comments. I'm just an avid Gen 5 fan and when people try to hate it on for the only reason being "terrible designs" when previous generations were guilty of it too, it just makes me annoyed that they turn a blind eye on the past stuff.
        i think black and white two are probably the best pokemon games ever made, but thats my opinion. we all defend our favorites, no biggie, there are always other perspectives.
So was Zoroark, who was amazing in BW2. Smogon tiering has no bearing whatsoever on in game usefulness. Anyone who actually used it in that game can vouch for how good Azurmarill was.
    The argument I was making was for competitive battling. You're probably right on Azumarill being amazing during story and in game battles. All I'm saying is it wasn't OU at the time of 5th gen 
Haha, probably
Of course. That's why they've recieved so much pandering since 2013.
Alright, I apologize if I came out as aggressive in my comments. I'm just an avid Gen 5 fan and when people try to hate it on for the only reason being "terrible designs" when previous generations were guilty of it too, it just makes me annoyed that they turn a blind eye on the past stuff.
    i think black and white two are probably the best pokemon games ever made, but thats my opinion. we all defend our favorites, no biggie, there are always other perspectives.
The argument I was making was for competitive battling. You're probably right on Azumarill being amazing during story and in game battles. All I'm saying is it wasn't OU at the time of 5th gen 
i think black and white two are probably the best pokemon games ever made, but thats my opinion. we all defend our favorites, no biggie, there are always other perspectives.
