[[ALIEN  Sinatraa's 2019 MVP Skin  Overwatch League]]





"Is that Sinatraa from Valorant?" lol
    Silly question, everybody knows that he's originally from Planet 092.
Goddamn, I think Sinatraa pranked the whole OW team.
    Or maybe it’s the reason Sinatraa left OWL lol
        [deleted]
            Love that a top pro quit citing 2-2-2 lock as a possible reason.
                idk about you guys but I love the 2-2-2. One less thing to worry about in the lottery that is comp. Just got back into the Overwatch after a 2 year break. 

It causes a lot less stress unlike back when you were about to leave spawn with 1 healer 4 dps and a tank. The game was practically thrown from the start as none of the DPS would swap and would blame each other for the team not working and being shit.
                    The only thing I hate about 2-2-2 is that you can't swap roles with someone else. I loved being a flex player, being able to switch up what I was bringing to the team mid-game as needed. Can't do that anymore outside of QP Classic, and then you're usually dealing with your entire team wanting to be the DPS Death Squad.
                        Well open queque is back at least for u
                        Would be nice if they added an option in round to offer up your role in favor of another. But then youd have tanks and healers instantly asking for dps and getting mad nobody wants to swap them.
                            Then there would potentially be SR discrepancies between the two teams...and could potentially be unfair
                                This. Most people don't think this far but it is exactly the reason why we can't have a role switch.

Also happy cake day!
                    [deleted]
                        2-2-2 is not the cause of this. Tank being unfun is the cause of this. It was the cause of the quad dps comps before too. And im a tank main.
                            That and theres so much more variety in DPS than in Tank or Support. They should just revamp a few DPSs and drag them over to Tank and Support. Make Torb a Tank that can create jacked up armour for himself and others. Make Sym a Support that can create barriers, turrets and heal for some reason.

edit: Just thought of something, make Mei and Tank too. She already has Ice Wall to nullify damage and Cryo for self sustain. And Blizzard is an incredible CC move. You can easily tone down her damage and push up her HP and she's basically a Tank already
                                This. Idk why they wouldn't just do this... a lot of people have been requesting this as a solution to the scarcity of tank and support heroes for a while now.
                                    I'm against this as a tank/support player because it means that unpopular heroes (ie the ones that are unique) get moved out of the DPS roles and so we set this standard where hybrid characters get reworked.

As a support, I want to be able to switch to Zen or Brig to help the DPS. As a DPS, I want to be able to swap to Mei and help the tanks control space.

 Blizzard needs to release more tanks/supports, not poach heroes away just because gold/silver players don't want to play  with/around Mei/Sym/Sombra/Bastion.

As soon as they start doing that, people are going to start looking at Hog/Zen/Brig/etc and say "they don't fit their roles, fix them!
                                Bring back scrap mechanics and sick armor pack tosses.
                                They literally made her a tank in Heroes of the Storm as well. There isn't really any reason shes in the dps role honestly with her kit.
                                They could also just copy what HotS is doing with Mei. They made her into a tank with some tweaks to her kit.
                                Make Bastion a tank tank.
                            I love playing tank. Guess I'm an oddball
                                I like playing tanks, but I feel you don't get rewarded well enough for doing tanky things on a lot of them
                                    Same. It’s not as rewarding as you would like.
Maybe additional SR points?
                                [removed]
                                    It's not unique to overwatch tbf, that's just the nature of the game as a tank. You form the backbone of the team and are the first line of defense. You spend a lot of time babysitting or charging into danger, and youre a huge Target. With every other role you can kind of choose where you want to play but as a tank is inevitable that you'll end up in shits Creek and if your team isn't on your wavelength, it can make for a very frustrating experience.

I like playing tank anyway but it can be a lot sometimes. I wanna play DPS and actually get better at aiming and positioning but those queue times are way too long for the unpredictable gameplay experience of overwatch.
                                Yeah im a tank player too

*only plays zarya, ball, and roadhog*
                                    Zarya can mitigate any amount of damage that hits in a single game tick while the bubble is up, including tire and dva bomb, and she can do it for herself and others, and it breaks line of sight abilities. She's the only thing that cleanses another person of anti heal, which is one of the most game deciding abilities... Im pretty sure she fits the tank role.
                            I’ve never particularly understood tank being “unfun”. I enjoy it more than dps, although I do play the more fun tanks with hog, sigma, and Zarya as my mains.
                        Role lock should've been the last thing they did after making tanks and healers as appealing to play as dps. It probably wouldn't even be needed after tbh.

The game was designed with hero swapping in mind. That's why most heroes have a hard counter.
                        The new comp mode will be released soon though from what I’ve heard, there will be 222 comp as well as an open queue comp mode. I think that should satisfy everyone. Also having 222 in every OWL game is a bit boring I feel like some rounds should be played without it.
                        I didn't even bother logging in to play OW as soon as I heard 222 lock. I'm a DPS only player, and there is just no way I am wasting my precious life queuing for several long minutes before I get the "opportunity" to play a video game.

Especially as, last time I checked, DPS were always the ones to be blamed. I cannot reasonably justify having to wait ages just to get the pleasure of being bullied by a team who will be AFKing 1 minute in. At least, that is what I would imagine the experience to be like 50% of the time (assuming 50% WR).

I still don't understand how anybody from the OW big brains thought this would be even remotely a good idea. Players, ok, they don't know what they truly want... But game designers? And they're getting paid for it? Jesus.
                    Honestly 222 lock creates a lack of team flexibility. If your dps can’t combat against double shields you could have went 3 dps to shred them but now as a nom dps role you’re forced to just suffer your teams shortcomings. It hasn’t really solved anything in that regard. It may have fixed one problem but created an entirely different one. I never had much toxicity before 222 but after it people literally flame each other more.
                        because you couldn’t flame your rein for feeding bc he would just play dps to punish you. now he can’t just swap to make your life hard so you can say whatever.
                        This is my big problem with it.  Sure you don’t have 4 DPS but what does it matter if the 2 you do have aren’t doing their job?  Or if your supports are DPSing? Or if your tanks keep feeding?  You can only do so much in the other roles to help.  I miss the flexibility a lot.
                    I feel like it's a really good thing for soloQ and in general playing with people you dont know. But as soon as you're in a full 6-stack it feels like it removes alot of the creativity that you had back in the day. I feel like they should have done their best to make it similar to League. Meaning 2-2-2 is great in 99% of situations but if you WANT to you can still try other tactics
                    I would quit if they removed 2-2-2 without replacing it with a better system.

Main tanking with 5 dps is the fuckin worst.
                I can't imagine why. GOATS would probably even more dominant with Sigma.
                    There was a match where Sinatraa was playing in the tank role as Zarya, but they had to switch up the team comp and he ended up on Reinhardt lol.
                    Because not everyone likes being forced into a certain role regardless of the meta.
                        I get it, but the openness is what allowed goats and shut down almost every other comp. That alone makes it's way more restrictive than 222. You can at least pick between several characters instead of 6 or 7 of the guys required for GOATS.
                            The vast majority of players don’t follow the meta or can even run something like GOATS properly.  So it won’t be more restrictive for the majority of the player base, since you aren’t seeing those comps as much in lower ELO’s.  And when you do, it doesn’t mean anything if they don’t know how to run it.

As for the pros, Blizzwrd just took the lazy way out instead of balancing the heroes to avoid something like GOATS domination.
                                I was referring to OWL while I was making these arguments. For the every player, I personally prefer it. I'm no longer at the mercy of 4 dps mains who all want to play their favorite hitscan. In my mind, the quality of the game has gone up since 222. 

And while it's easy to say Blizz was lazy, how do you manage balancing 32 characters on over a dozen maps at a multitude of different skill levels? (For example, DotA has one map to balance for.) On top of that (until recently) characters are added several times a year. I don't believe it's reasonable to expect a perfect balance. Even with 222, a new barrier character is added and double barrier becomes the meta until the new character gets nerfed into an off tank position (Sigma.)

If it's not obvious, I mean no disrespect, i just disagree.
                                    This is an inherent problem with games with a professional playerbase. They are essentially playing a different game than everyone else. If you balance around the pros the game for the average player in gold isn't balanced, and if you balance around the average player it creates problems in the professional level.
                            Goats>Pre nerf widow>any other comp.

Just nerf widow to oblivion and revert other power creep patches and balance changes. because no one wants to die the first 2 seconds of spawn door opening.
                                Or just don’t have awful game sense. I’m really tired of bad players whining about widow. To be good at widow you ACTUALLY need to have very good mechanical skill. Once you get to higher ranks and you try to play widow, you can maybe get a few picks before the enemy swaps to entirely dive and you’re absolutely fucked, especially if you don’t get help from your team. Then, if you don’t swap you are flamed. If you can hit your shots you’re gonna get kills. But if their doom, genji, tracer, widow, monkey, dva, ball, lucio, pharah..... has any gamesense and mechanical ability, you can be shut down. Low ranks should not dictate the game. Professional level shouldn’t either.


The problem I have with this game, after being a CS player for literally 20 years now, is that the player base is way too diverse. It’s going to be impossible to balance a game for SUPER casual players and super competitive players. People play the game for different reasons, even if they enter the Comp mode. They wanna see skins or new heroes or fun looking things and emotes and what not. Whereas other people in the same game have their settings on lowest possible and are purely trying to win. It creates a giant problem that I don’t think any meta or role queue will fix.
                Not a pro, but 2-2-2 was definitely the reason I quit myself. I enjoyed all 3 roles, and now find none fun, while one takes 10-15 queue. 

I still check the subreddit since I have one friend who plays and wants me to join once in a while. 


But it definitely took a lot of the fun. 


Non 2-2-2 compositions were not an issue for me in comp.
                Well, forced roll lock is cancer and killed my enjoyment of the game.
                    [deleted]
                        Its not the power of healers which is a turn off, but their playstyle. Ana was the first and last real complex healer that required mechanical mastery as well. Baptiste came out, but not nearly as satisfying as Ana. And then the rest got simplified to the point of not appealing in their playstyles.


Shields tanks are the biggest barrier to player enjoyment of the role as well. Zarya, Hammond, are cool tanks. And then you have to play horse or rectangle man? no thanks.
                    There’s always QPC where you can still earn achievements. Imagine my surprise earning one as Baptiste (pixel) and another (cute) for Moira.
            > Not a good look

Neither is the skin
I like the suit, and I like the alien look, but I don't like the two of them together.
    Pretty much my feelings on it. I wish they went full alien instead - that would've been incredible. But the tux/alien combo just looks weird - reference or not.
        What's the reference?
            Man in Black
                Men*
                    It’s just the one man actually.
                        The Greater Good.
                            A BIG BUSHY BEARD!
                                Narp?
                                    CRUSTY JUGGLERS
                            SHUT IT!
                Is it related to Sinatraa's IGN somehow or just something he likes a lot?
                    alien skin bc people say that he looks like an alien.
                        Yeah y'all not seeing that the skin looks exactly like him? Haha they like fuck you wanna leave the league here's your skin you alien ass lookin mf
                    Sinatraa is most likely referencing [Frank Sinatra](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Sinatra)  the famous singer and part of the [Rat Pack](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rat_Pack) .

 [Men in Black](https://m.imdb.com/title/tt0119654/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_3) is a movie starring Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. Unless I’m mistaken , there’s no connection between the 2.

Edit: added links
                        Yeah I always thought about Frank Sinatra when I saw his IGN (but never assumed it was because of the singer, it could have another menaing), and to be honest ever since he won MVP I thought about a Zarya skin wearing a tux because of that. Now I'm just very curious about the allien/MIB part. As far as I remember, Jjonak's skin was made based on what he wanted it to look like, also because of the meaning of his IGN. This video doesn't talk about this at all.
                            I used to watch his streams/lots of OW streams back in the day and there was just a meme of sorts going around that Sinatraa looked like an alien. It was a pretty well known joke within the Twitch OW community, I’m 100% positive the alien is a reference to this
                                I see. Thanks for the info!
                            Honestly I have no clue what other reference Sinatraa could refer to but I wouldn’t rule out something else.
                        Sinatra used his (oft ill gotten) funds to finance a lot of movies in his day.

It's very possible that one of the studios or producers involved in making Men In Black would not have been in the position to make the movie were it not for an earlier seemingly unrelated action by Sinatra.

Butterfly effect can do some crazy shit y'know.
                            Haha yeah that’s some deep cut stuff that I’d have no knowledge of so there’s a possibility of some connection. I’m also not certain that there isn’t a reference to Sinatra in the movie. It’s been a while.

There’s a joke about Sinatra dealing with some men in black regularly somewhere that I don’t have the ability to think of.
                                Yeah if there's any connection at all it'll be like... Sinatra helped get a movie made which was the thing that started the career of the person who later went on to hire the person who greenlit MiB.
                The reference is to frank Sinatra, not men in black
                Russian in Black
                ...fled across the desert, and The Gunslinger followed.
            According to the OWL post the suit is because of Frank Sinatra. The alien because Sinatraa’s play is “out of this world”.

[Source on Frank Sinatra reference](https://overwatchleague.com/en-us/news/23455709).
                If you followed Sinatraa or early pro OW, you’d know Sinatraa being an alien was a meme and a constant copypasta whenever he played.

📞👽 HELLO? SINATRAA (SPECIMEN #3457) 📞👽HOW IS YOUR MISSION GOING? 📞👽 IS EARTH PREPARED FOR THE LANDING OF THE MOTHERSHIP? 📞👽


👽 📞 HELLO SINATRAA 👽 📞 PLANET A92-E HERE 👽 📞 PLEASE RETURN TO US 👽 📞


if SINATRAA👽and my girl👧😍 both drowning 😱 👋 and I can only save one😤😬Catch me at the enemy spawn door🚪🔴 with my boy on tracer 🌈🕰
        I like how he said "like one of those retro movies". I mean, wtf, MiB or XFiles arent retro... I refuse to feel old! XD
            Men in Black is well over two decades old. Goddamn.
                The comics the movies were based on are 3 decades old.
                    ~~The true story the comics were based on are 5 decades old~~

Edit: Nothing to see here please look into this red light
            Hate to break to you 90s baby we some old mfs now! Lol
        Some kinda alien armor would have been insane
    I think its pretty cool. Gives me a Men in Black feel
    Gives an MIB agent vibe, I kinda like it
    Yeah, I think this is the best summary of how I feel. I only saw the first MIB movie, but I don't remember aliens actually wearing suits. (Besides the amazing Edgar in his hillbilly Vincent D'Onofrio suit.)

Also, I think most of us are just predisposed to be critical of this skin, because no matter how good the art is, it's associated with the guy who was a star and then quit at the height of his fame for a competing game that -- oh wait -- absolutely no one watches.
    I wish her boots/other silver elements would turn gold like the weapon. Kinda kills it for me
    It's the chest piece for me. Like it doesn't even match the leggings.
    I'd kill for a full roster of "Formal" skins, just fancy suits and dresses.
[Jump straight to skin preview](https://youtu.be/mVJHzXtsN-8?t=175)
    You’re a good man, thank you.
I wish they had done a joke skin first, akin to the car Homer designed in that Simpsons episode, just to get his reaction.
    That would have been hilarious but they kinda got that reaction anyways.  He looked super excited to see it, bouncing up and down in his chair and when they finally showed it to him the reaction was "okay... okay.  damn."
    Did you see his reaction? He thought this one WAS the joke skin lmao
    His actual reaction kinda implies he doesn't love it anyways.
        "okay....okay"
    Persephone
    A Valorant skin would have been hilarious.
I literally didn't even realize it was supposed to be Zarya at first.
    When I saw the pic and didn’t read the title I thought it’s a new hero for a second.
        Same here, although I've read the title. As someone who doesn't care in the slightest about competitive scene I was like "who the fuck is Sinatraa, is he a new hero?"
    Same, I thought it was Hanzo's Casual skin for like the first 2 seconds then I realized I was a dumbass lmao
I like the MIB concept but hate the execution. zarya was not the character for this.
    Someone posted the skin preview of it in a POTG animation. Honestly, the way her gun looks and works fits the MIB concept. It looks just like one of those giant guns Will Smith wasn't allowed to have over the Cricket lol
        The gun definitely is the saving grace of the skin. It's pretty awesome, and exactly like a MIB weapon.
    Honestly from the thumbnail I thought it was a new Echo skin.

I love everything about a tuxedo Zarya skin; unfortunately this one has a face like...*that*.
    What character do you think fit better?  


Maybe Symmetra and her weird tech? or Ashe with an alien Bob?
        MIB ash with alien Bob would be awesome. But I think echo would fit this look best
            BAAAAAWB, PROBE SOMETHIN!
                Hey I think I’ve seen this one.
                    With Hulk and Black Widow, right?
                \*high-intensity ranged probing commences*
            I want this skin really badly now
        Tuxedo Ashe, alien Bob. Awww yea

Mind eraser stick TNT
        Symmetra would be good, I was thinking sigma, pharah, junkrat or echo.  But really, the alien design could work with most characters, that part is cool. 

My main issue really is the suit. Zarya wears baggy trousers, which is basically a sin when it comes to suits.

Edit: just to add, I think the design of zarya's alien face and "hair" is too feminine? Zarya tends to have a butch/less refined look so this doesn't fit imo.  A different kind of alien and maybe a more roughed up suit would've been better.
        Definitely more of a Torb skin
        Sinatraa is the MVP, he wanted a Zarya skin, it’s not just a casual release, they had to respect his demand but they fucked up
    Absolutely insane to me that she doesn’t have a ghostbuster skin. Skin team fail
        Holy shit that would be perfect for zarya

Fingers crossed for it as a Halloween skin
    I think it would work a lot better if it were still Zarya’s face/body with some shades on. Actually I think that would be kinda perfect.
        Yeah regular zarya would look good in a fitted suit. I think for a while, a number of people were asking for an anniversary event to give everyone suits/dresses, like doomfist got.

There's a disconnect between the suit and the alien part in this
    Out of curiosity, who would have fit the concept in your opinion?
    The alien is pretty cool. The head looks dope... just don’t like the suit
    A nice suit for Zarya is nice but sadly many people don't find her outlook attractive. Unlike DVA, Mercy, Widowmaker..
I swear Zarya is cursed. Most of her skins are either underwhelming or bad.
    Why has nobody mentioned Xuanwu??
        Right?? It's the only zarya skin I'll use
        That one is frustrating for me because it has parts of it that are great but seems like it could’ve been so much better (like they were holding back almost)
        I hate this skin for the way the weapon looks when you have it equipped. I feel like it takes away from the screen.
    Totally ‘80s and Barbarian are dope
        Barbarian skin makes her weapon look dope af
            The snake one too, I love how it coils around in her gun.
        Barbarian FTW
        What’s wrong with snowboarder ?
            It’s okay I guess. I’m really particular about skins... lol
    Totally 80s & Workout are awesome. But you’re definitely right about the rest.
        Workout is criminally underrated and I don't really understand why. The sleeveless hoodie and color scheme are dope. The gun isn't really anything special, but still solid.
            I love that the gun looks like a workout bench
                Ohhh, that's what they were going for. Well I feel like a dummy. Looking at it now, the inspiration is pretty obvious. That is pretty cool actually.
            Workout is the only good Zarya skin. Not just for the awesome color scheme and clothing, but because it shows how S W O L E she is.
    Totally 80s is fuckin rad
        That one is great. But basically all of her other ones are disappointing
            I like her Work Out one
            I think her barb skin and her winter skin are pretty rad
            Agreed
        *Hit me with your best shot*

is the best line in the game, but I wish her ult would go

*Fire away!*
        My number 1 favorite skin in the game even.
        Cyberian with golden weapon is meta change my mind
    Cyberian and Barbarian are fuckin awesome though.
    Barbarian and Cyberian are basically it

Run champion for the gun sometimes though
    I mean, everyone else here already spoke for 80’s which is my favorite. Barbarian, Workout, and Cyber. But what’s wrong with her Summer Games Olympic skin? It’s nothing special but it’s too....basic to be really considered bad imo.
        Basic = Bad as far as legendaries go
            That makes sense.
    I like her Work Out skin, her Barbarian skin, and her Snowboarding skin. Definitely not a fan of her Totally 80s skin or Goth Punk variants.
    The devs hate Zarya and Moira. Maybe they just like designing skins for sexy anime girls lol
    What? Barbarian, transformer, Xuanwu, and 80s are good imo
    Ironic, since she's based on an actual Blizzard employee
    I guess the reason is that many people don't find her facial appearance good looking. Look back in TF2 community, many people obsess with Female versions of Scout, Sniper, Medic.. but when it comes to Heavy, everyone feels cringed.

Back in Overwatch, when it comes to most attractive female heroes. DVA, Mercy & Widowmaker are mostly the top choices; Ana (Young), Ashe & Brigitte are also popular but maybe not as much as the top 3; Mei, Pharah, Sombra look decently okay or maybe look as good as the popular ones; Moira, Symmetra & Zarya are usually the bottom-tier. 

Anyway, it's entirely subjective when it comes to which hero is good-looking as we all have our own taste.
I mean I like the concept and all. I just feel like a lot more effort and creativity went into jjonaks, whereas this one. Once they had "alien in suit" idea. They kinda just went super basic. Still bought it, and will use it a bit. However it's not the best skin.
    Even Jjonaks behind the scenes video was so wholesome & felt way more wholehearted.
    Have they said if they'll ever sell jjonaks skin again? I absolutely loved the skin when they announced it, but I was unemployed and going through a bit of a rough patch and unfortunately could not afford it at the time :/
    Yeah, it's pretty bad imo. The suit just looks really weird on her. I wish they went full alien. Definitely not buying this. The jjonak one is sick, on the other hand.
It’d take 40 hours of watching the OWL to earn this
    [deleted]
        How did you manage to save all that through the Anniversary event?!? I mean, EVERYTHING was purchasable!
            If you have 150k creds, it's because you've already got everything.
I really want a chance to get Jjonaks Zen skin again...
    I'm here said that I didn't get Mercy's Atlanta skin. Such a great skin.
        Well to make you feel better, I still think Pink is much better than Atlanta solely because Atlanta still have yellow wings, like why Blizzard? Does it take that much effort to make a colour change? Or do you simply don't care at all?
            But that hair. Honestly it's the most detailed hair in the game. Really unique whereas the other characters just have straight hair.
                I know, everything was so beautiful, until she started flying that was the biggest eyesore for a long while
                    I feel the same with the nutcracker skin. Even the dragon skin had yellow wings. It's seriously not that hard to swap them I'd imagine since they do so with other skins and they have the tech for color swaps with the owl skins.
    Same here.
    I wish I had that and the London Spitfire Winston
    I would pay x10 the price for the doomfist skin rn
Can we still not earn league points from watching streams?
    you can, just gotta sign in on the overwatch league website and watch it from there, just watching the youtube stream doesn't get you them
        I've tried logging in but it never works for me with this new system
            Same. I’ve watched so many matches in their website while logged in, and I have a whopping 0 tokens
                Ditto here. Signed in, only one account, it says "Eligible for viewership rewards", adblocker disabled, no rewards.
                It works on the app. Kinda.
                    Kinda working is better than not working I guess lol. I just downloaded it, hopefully I get something out of it
                Depends on where you're from. Some countries, like mine, are not eligible for the rewards. Kinda sad, my country has 10 million citizens, is literally in the middle of Europe, 3/4 of the neighbouring countries have it, but we don't
                    Which country is that?
                        Czech Republic
                            Ah damn I thought that since your username is in German you were talking about Switzerland and had generously rounded up the population...wanted to tell you that it works fine^^

That’s sad to hear.
                                Oh well.. I bought it for 5 euros, so it's not that big of a deal after all
                    True. I’m in the US, so I really don’t know what’s going on. But damn that sucks! Maybe you could get a VPN?
                    I live in Florida and it doesnt work lol
                    I'm in France (a Country that is eligible for coins) and i still don't earn coins.
                I've noticed it loads a Flash applet before the site loads, I'm assuming that's how it counts and send data back. Maybe make sure you have Flash installed and updated.
                I watched it first in app and got the tokens, then I watched on the website (it even said I was logged in so I should get tokens) and got nothing. I watched it again on the app during the 13th and 14th and I received tokens so I’m gonna stick with the app
            clear your cookies.
            [deleted]
                Thanks for the tip. I'll give this a try. Apparently there is also an app that generally works.
            Works for me. I got a ton.
                Thanks
        It hasn't worked for me at all, I'm on console if that makes any difference. My account is connected to my PS4 and I watch through overwatch league and have gotten nothing. It's a bummer because I never had a problem when they were on twitch.
            Use the mobile app. It works perfectly.
                I'll try that but I prefer to watch on my computer, watching on my old ass phone isn't ideal. Thanks for the suggestion though hopefully that works.
                    You can watch on your computer and just let it run on your phone for the tokens. Just make sure you’re signed in on the app.
        Nice, had no idea this was a thing.
            It's mostly youtube's fault for not having a system for drops yet, a lot of their promises for livestream changes this year haven't been fulfilled
        you are literally my hero thank you
        but the site says watch only on youtube and doesn't mention token drops at all
    You can since the last 2 weekends of OWL. I made 200+ tokens already

You have to login to the Overwatch league website or OWL app and play the stream from there (don't go to YouTube app or site) and you get 5 tokens per hour. For console you gotta have your PSN/XBOX account to the battle net account you login to watch streams with.

Also not every country is eligible, you can check the website and there's a list of countries that can earn "viewership rewards".
        Not sure how this info is not even pinned yet. That's r/Overwatch for you.
        Lucky you
    Switching from Twitch was the biggest mistake ever. Youtube's quality is leagues worse. Constant issues.
        Yeah, I feel the same way. I'm hoping that one day Blizzard figures out how to integrate video into their desktop client but with how little development we see in their games, that might never happen.
    Never could anyway for like half the world. If I want this skin I have to shell out like 20 bucks for it.
        That's disgusting.
            Honestly at this point I feel like writing to Blizzard's legal department and asking them what law I need to get changed to make it possible. There's a huge OW following in my country, I feel like the support would be there.
It looks super different than any other skin. I actually like it a lot.
    I just wish it had literally anything to do with Sinatra (outside of a vague reference), the OWL, or the Shock. Only thing tying it to those things are the semi-transparent patches on the arm that no one will ever notice.

They're given a chance to celebrate esports and their MVP and they make... an alien. As a standalone skin it's really dope though, at least.
        Isn't it a meme that Sinatraa looks like an alien?
            yea it was literally the main meme in his chat in the 150k era
        He designed it himself
            I didn't know that that's super cool! Doesn't change my opinion that the skin should visually reflect the OWL/Shock but i'm glad he got to have a hand in it.
                To be fair, jjonaks skin only referenced the fact that he has an octopus tattoo right?
                    The name Jjonak means fumbling octopus. Thats why he's called the Octopus King and got the tattoo
                    And his massive brain
                        I'd give you gold if I wasn't lazy
                            The sentiment is all that matters:)
                    The colors were NYXL's too.
                        This one is the Shocks colours though.
                            I know that they've switched the colors up, but I would still say the Shock's defining color is orange.
                    “The new Overwatch League MVP skin is based on Jjonak's favorite animal the octopus, his name stands for Jjomullak Nakji”, which means “fumbling octopus” and the pro even has a tattoo of one on his arm.” -Dexerto
                    Yeah that's true. That one I feel is a really good balance between taking elements from the player, making a skin the community will like even if they don't follow the OWL, and still honoring the fact that it's an OWL skin through the colour scheme and prominent logo.
                    You can also see the NYXL logo on Zen's clothing
                There already is a Doomfist skin to celebrate Shock as a whole winning the championship. This skin is meant to commemorate Sinatraa's MVP performance itself, and it's a long-running meme that he resembles an alien. Even his clothing line is extra-terrestrial themed.
                    ...he has a clothing line??
            Did you watch the video? They revealed it to him, he asked for a Zarya skin and that’s it from what I understand, no specifications or whatever; creators were free to make the skin and reveal it to him once it was done
        "Vague reference?" The suit is literally based on [Frank Sinatra's tuxedo](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000069/mediaviewer/rm2541524992). Don't see how "wearing the same suit as the player's moniker" is vague
            You know suits are famously generic? Like you can't say "this is based off a Frank Sinatra suit" when you could say any suit is based off another one if they're at least the same colour.
            Do you hear yourself speak? All of these tuxedo suits are the same. It’s not “Sinatra’s suit.” It’s a suit.
        "Vague reference", as in, Sinatraa's nickname wearing the tux of Sinatraa's namesake. So vague only people who may have heard of him might get it. Jesus.
        In addition to what people said, it also has the Grand Finals + MVP Trophies on the shoulder
    I loved MiB, so I enjoy it a lot. Here's to hoping I ever actually get to play as off-tank, though.
    Even though I picked it up regardless like I always do with my free OWL points plus Zarya is my second tank, it finally grew on me. 

Really dig it, especially the gun.
    Even though I picked it up regardless like I always do with my free OWL points plus Zarya is my second tank, it finally grew on me. 

Really dig it, especially the gun.
I kinda like the skin, but... I honestly didn't know for which character it was. I thought it was a new character. Zarya? WTF.
Its cool, but would have been way better if it was a full alien look, instead of... a tuxedo???
    It's a suit - a reference to MIB.
        The designers were implying it without outright saying it when they said, "Hollywood alien movie FBI kinda vibe".
            Lol yeah I was thinking that as well. Somebody in the legal department probably yelled at them "DON'T SAY MEN IN BLACK!" So he said "alien FBI" which is about as close as you can get to MIB without actually saying it.
                How to fly as demonstrations man
                    I see tf2 reference, I upvote. Every. Time.
                        Even better is a hybrid meme: How to fly as on-fire rodent trash man.
        Ohhhh...I'd thought it was Frank Sinatra. Yours makes more sense
            They say in the article it was more a reference to Frank Sinatra, but yeah both.
            It can be both!
        whats the connection with Sinatraa and MIB?
            It's also a reference to Frank Sinatra, which I think is why Sinatraa requested a suit
        Okay, that makes way more sense now yeah.
        It could also have been a reference to Frank Sinatra as he wore a lot of suits.
        Still a bad execution imo. It would have been better without the reference.
        It’s not tho. It’s a reference to Frank Sinatra. The alien thing is because his play is “out of this world”. Seriously. 

https://overwatchleague.com/en-us/news/23455709
[deleted]
    Overwatch it’s it’s entirety yeah
Before you guys bash the devs for not liking the skin: Know that this was all Sinatraa's idea.
Great looking. But i got denied a buff alien chick.
    But she IS a buff alien chick. What?
It’s nice but damn I would be scared if I saw that walking straight at me.
What is with owl and tentacles?
That's wack as fuck lol.
Guess Zarya will always be the hero with shitty skins
Oh... Oh no...
[removed]
    I had like 205 tokens saved up which was perfect, especially since I've picked up zarya and played her a lot lately
    Are they still doing the tokens? I've not had any in weeks.
        [removed]
        Yeah, they enabled token drops on youtube like what, 2 weeks ago i think?
            Not youtube, specifically the overwatch league website and their app (~~the app is bad, don't even try)~~ 

try it, seems like my phone might be bad
                For me the app is working perfectly fine. The website is broken tho.
            Showing my ignorance here but how do tokens work?
                Goto the site, log into your blizz account, watch the LIVE stream.

I think you get 5 league tokens for every 1 hour watched.

Spend league tokens in-game on the "Overwatch League" menu.
The alien bit is ugly and I don't play zarya but I like the suit and the reference
THAT’S Zarya!? What happened to character recognition?
I really like the aesthetic they went for here, though it definitely isn't everyone's cup of tea!
The weapon is the coolest part
[deleted]
    I use Butch Tracer and Goth Zarya just to disgust and trigger people
        Screw you, man.
        Goth zarya is dope. I use the red one all the time (mainly because I don't have cybergoth yet). I didn't even know people disliked those skins.
            Those two skins are considered by many to be the worst in the game.
                Well they're wrong, but each their own.
                    Bunch of chavs still dislike goth.
        > Butch Tracer

tf is butch tracer
            The stupid yellow one
                [This one?](https://gamepedia.cursecdn.com/overwatch_gamepedia/7/7a/Tracer_Skin_Lightning.png?version=ae97409a47df71a36332a055878c3c5a)  One advantage to this skin (and a few others) is her head silhouette is different than normal (hitbox should be unchanged, but I've never tested it).

I don't think that makes it worth using though.  I agree it looks stupid.
            Mohawk tracer im guessing
        I'm definitely going to use this skin after seeing how much people seem to hate it.
    I would say it's also arguably one of the best. They took a Big Swing and whether or not it was a miss that's still respectable
        It's a controversial skin for sure, but boy do I agree with you. I wasn't expecting to be _this_ impressed with the skin. Easily the best looking skin in the game atm.
            I don't like the look, but the gun is dope
            I think it’s her best skin by far and it’s not even close. I personally dislike all her skins except the plain purple one
        [deleted]
            They're saying they personally would argue its one of the best. And then saying whether or not you like it or dislike it, its respectable that they took a huge swing.
    People saying "oh the suit is a MIB reference!" as if that makes it any better? Look at her freaking shoes?? She looks like a Dorohedoro character but in a bad way!!
    I have no idea how anyone could look at this skin and say that. It looks so sleek and polished. Her face is so cute and the details look great.

Have you ever seen the Rainbow Brite trash that is Mask Dancer Moira? *That* is the worst skin they've ever put out.

Frankly, I think this is the new best Zarya skin.
This is so bad
    I thought it was a prank. I really hope to not see a single person rocking this in game. Its actually awful
        I'm not really a fan of Zaryas skins and I'm tired of using Barbarian so I'll rock it, plus the gun looks really cool.
        Jokes on you, I think this skin is rad and I will rock it with my golden weapon!
Alien face doesn’t mesh with the bulky tux torso
It would be better if it was a full alien skin imo. But I will still buy it as a zarya main
I don't get all the hate it's getting...? It straight up looks like an MIB agent. Like yeah it looks weird on its own, but when she's actually holding her particle cannon it ties the whole thing together really well.
... that’s the ugliest effing skin I’ve ever seen.
    It's legit like one of the best skins Zarya has ever had wtf u talkin about
        Exactly! It's so fucking cute. Her little nictating blink is amazing. The alien design goes more for adorable/faerie like, rather than gross and ugly. And the suit looks so dapper on her.
Uh oh, somebody got hit with the ugly stick!
Scared the shit out of me when I open Overwatch. Burn it with fire
They should let us buy old player skins like other events do while it's available.  I missed the Zen Jjonak skin and I NEEEED it!
    I would love the Mercy and tracer skin...
    Sameeee, I need the Zenyatta skin.
Hahahahahaha fuck thats ugly, dissapointed as hell
    Yeah for once I'm not even tempted to buy it tbh.
It reminds me of Lilo and Stitch for some reason
We XCOM now bois
I actually kind of like this skin, the chrome gun is sleek as fuck, and if yall want to tout it as an awful skin then I'll want to wear it even more for the meme value.
Seems to be an unpopular opinion but I think this is dope.
Easily one of the worst skins I’ve ever seen in a video game. No wonder he bolted to VALORANT
I just think it looks like something out of a lilo & stitch movie
That's a hard NOPE.

I was really hoping for a cool Zarya skin too.
Can't believe people are disliking it so much, it looks freaking amazing, specially comparing it to every other Zarya skin which are generally low tier.
    I can see people disliking it because it's so far removed from Zarya as a character and in terms of appearance.
        I think it's more these two concepts weren't executed into one cohesive look. The tux is such a large part of the model but there's not much that ties the alien head to the body
            This is why I don't like it. Both parts look great, but clash when put together.
    It feels like it's doing too much. I get the MiB reference, but it feels like it should have either gone down a full Alien route or a full 'Men in Back' with just Zarya in the suit and sunglasses, which would look badass. 

Instead, we get this weird in-between of an alien in a suit, which doesn't really work either way for me.
    It's really terrible bruh, her rare skins are better than this
        Ashe gets all the good skins imo
No wonder Sinatraa left OWL
Wow. I do not like this combination. This has to be her worst skin. An alien would be cool. Zarya in a suit is also cool. But this combination just flat out does NOT work
This is the worst skin ive ever seen in any game
Wow that looks badass. I dig it.
I guess the gun looks cool, other than that its eh
Does anyone have a rough estimate on how long this will be available for?
    Until June 30th
Does no one think that the head tails look a bit like an Asari's? Which would make this skin Asari Zarya, or better yet, Asarya.
    That's one of the things that I liked about it noticed it instantly.
This is pretty dope in my opinion. The men in black design is pretty fucking cool and definitely something you'd find in that movie universe. I wonder if it's Sinatraa's favorite movie franchise.
Man, every Saturday night you be like “Flush me, J, flush me!”

I be like nah, you can’t quit on me now, K.
The skin changes as her gun charges.....at full charge she is lit up like a Christmas tree...

Not sure if that changes anyone’s opinion
I honestly love it. My favorite zarya skin for sure, above Cyberian
Not a Zarya player, but I like it.  Really different, would pair well with some of the more formal suit-type skins.

Also: [ayy lmao](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/012/123/ef9.jpg)
Wow so many haters and I bet most of them don't even play Zarya. As a Zarya player this skin is fucking awesome and an instant buy for me. Love men in black
Everyone is bitching about the skin, and here I am wishing Sinatraa would at least make his damn bed....
Finally a good zarya skin!!!
SINATRAA IS AN ALIEN FROM PLANET 092
This is actually a dope skin for Zarya. It sucks that he left and for a silly reason but I understand messing with a team comp is hard for some players to handle.
And here in this thread we can see that people have no taste. Even worse, people who do like the skin are getting downvoted.
I kind of like the suit look to be honest
I'm surprised a lot of people don't like it, I think it looks great
I kinda like the skin! Not a Zarya player at all, but love the idea. The suit works well with Zarya and the alien touch gives it a men in black kinda vibe.
I'm waiting for the day there is a good zarya skin
I don't like it, he doesn't either.
In the reveal video they call it "Hollywood alien FBI". They can't say MIB because of copyright, but that's what they mean.
Looks just like sinatraa
Instant buy for me
We miss u Sinatraa
/r/FuckMyShitUp
I bought this so fast
The eyes blink sideways!
#horrrible
Yikes, IMO that looks awful
I think the skin looks incredible! Finally, Barbarian has some competition!
I'm not a big fan personally (and Zarya is who I consider as my "main")

I think I will hold out for the all star skins instead, does anyone know when the all star skins 2020 are likely to be out?
    Probably when the season ends, which is August I think.
        Thanks!
    There’s more skins coming?? I was so disappointed thank you for giving me hope.
        Yeah every year they do 2 "All star" skins which are also 200 OWL tokens each.

Here are the previous all star skins, they all look sick imo 

https://i.imgur.com/l0e7XI1.png

https://bnetcmsus-a.akamaihd.net/cms/content_entry_media/q5/Q521KOB5JRCM1533925583743.jpg
Mr. Garrison: “it’s baaaaaaaadddd”
🤮
Finally, a decent Zarya skin.
    where?
    ??? Where
    chinese new year and cyberian both want a word
        that’s a hot take.
        Not a fan of Cyberian, which is like a weird Iron Man rip-off, but Xianwu is GOAT for Zarya.
            Bruh Cyberian is a sharp pink robot that everyone hates because Jeffy K said everyone would love it and then it was weird.

Fuckin skin rules man. 

(I also sorta like this mvp skin because it is weird)

yes Xianwu is the best one
        You just reminded me that I forgot to buy her Chinese New Year skin, ugh.
        You just reminded me that I forgot to buy her Chinese New Year skin, ugh.
Did that kid just call Men in Black "retro"?
It is very bad, but I'll use it constantly for irony purposes
    Me too
it really is hideous looking...
It looks disgusting. Doesn't come close to previous OWL skins.
2018 Champs - London Spitfire - skin features clear team logo, team colors, and heavy old school pilot theme

2018 MVP - Jjonak - Skin features octopus theme, direct link to Jjonak meaning. Uses NYXL colors and subtle nyxl logo pattern. 

2019 Champs - SF Shock - vague team logo, no team color used. Cool Thunder demon, not earthquake or bridge related.

2019 MVP - Russian Space Program. Frank Sinatra wore a suit. 

If OWL is trying to capture the essence of the major leagues, some sort of consistency in branding has to help.
    The DF skin is a bit earthquake themed, because it's supposed to be loose cracked rock like from an earthquake.  Also, they went with DF because his ult is named Seismic Slam...a direct reference to earthquakes.  
Sinatraa directly requested an alien in a suit, so it's not like they could deviate all that much.
    The player designs the skin, has nothing to do with trying to brand it.
    The alien skin has nothing to do with Frank Sinatra. You are misinformed.
An actual decent Zarya skin. I'm definitely getting this
It's a Men in Black skin, and it's a really great one at that. But it doesn't feel like a Sinatraa skin.
Ewww
This thing is abhorrent.
Poor Zarya just can’t get more than one or two good skins per couple years
Possibly the worst skin ever, but I still got it cause I regret missing the other OWL skins. Capitalism at its finest.
    buying a cosmetic item no one else gives a shit about due to FOMO then blaming it on capitalism lol
woaaaa this one is pretty wild. Looks sick
*haha! I like it! But not a lot!*

....

*I don't like it*
it honestly isnt too bad.
I still think JJonak’s Zen-nakji skin is the best but I like this one better than the SF Doomfist skin
If theres one thing I've learned from this comment thread, its that people have different opinions.

I first one think it's pretty neat. I think I its tough to top Jjonak's skin, but this is cool.
    Honestly the only reason I don't use Jjonak's skin is because Cultist Zenyatta exists, and that skin on its own is amazingly hard to top. Zen has some pretty good skins.
Ugly just like every other zarya skin
The lgbtq people on Twitter are already complaining. Most of them never having even played the game.
r/ATBGE
    I would say the opposite. It’s great taste to have an alien OWL skin, but wow, this is NOT how I thought they’d go about it.
This is honestly a pretty dope skin. I like it a lot.
Lots of people here talking about how they don't like it. This might be one of my favorite skins in the game. 100% my favorite Zarya skin.
At least the chrome Particle Cannon looks cool!

Otherwise a bit bland.
I like the suit and the boots, that's it though.
This is probably the worst skin i have ever seen
reminds me of that one alien from ben 10 (forgot her name)
i think she loved grandpa max
Is it free or how can we get it?
    iirc, it's $10 worth of OWL tokens. You can spend real money or spend the tokens you get while watching (I'm not sure if it's working though, some people are saying drops are bugged)
I got so excited Bc I thought a new character was previewed.
Sorry if this is a stupid question, but how long is this available for. Basically, is it viable to try to grind the June tournament league tokens for watching to get it if I'm sitting at 75 or do I need to buy it lmao
Only available until the 30th? Well damn, I'm short on 29 tokens. I think I might be screwed.
So, men in black.
Men in black vibes
"retro, Hollywood alien movie, FBI type"

He was trying to hard not to say Men in Black hahahaha
it’s so unflattering. The big boots, her physique in general. It doesn’t go well with a suit. If they would have just gone full alien I’d be in love with it. But because of how much I like the alien aspects it makes me 10x more disappointed that it’s ruined by this garish Armani atrocity.
It actually took me a second to realize this is a zarya skin
Rip I’ve been stuck at 198 tokens and owl hasn’t been giving me mine from watching
Overwatch meets men in Black edition.
Sinatraa trolling everyone with this skin idea
OOTL here, did he help design it as MVP? Or pitch the concept?
    Pitch the concept
what in the world is this
Sinatraa lookin like an alien lmao
I actually really like the skin. It just sucks it's an OWL skin. I'm not about spending real money on skins.
    You don’t have to if you watch the games
TeamAmericaVomit.gif
What??? Going from the cool Alien Zenyatta last year to a person in a MIB suit with an alien head?  
With Sinatraa jumping to  Valorant, it feels like they just mailed it in and didn't care what they put out.   
Not wasting my coins on this one.

Just another reason why I care less and less about OWL.
Ok then
Thanks, I hate it.
I liked how jjonaks skin was basically nyxl zen with some added details. I could see them allowing jjonak to use his mvp skin ingame. But looking st this I would have no idea Sinatra played for the shock
    Yeah, I really wish he had an orange spacesuit instead of a mib suit
I don't get it. The skin looks awesome.
The pants... why...
Neat, but glad I didn't save my tokens for this. Lol
This is certainly a skin!
Im like she finally got a suit but she's an alien
XCOM vibes kinda
I like the skin
First mvp skin I will not buy
“I look forward to playing with it” 

Didn’t he leave?
    He left OWL

He didn’t leave OW

besides, they wouldn’t let him wear it in a tournament game lol
i have 1k tokens still so i guess i'll get it. but if i didn't have the tokens, i wouldn't be mad at all lol
    Have 200 could’ve gotten doomfist but the zen mvp was amazing so i save now im mad
: /
Give Profit his MVP skin
Lmao Sinatraa went to my rival highschool.
We need more suit skins for the rest of the cast!
    I agree on this one!! GOATS in suits lol
Am I the only person who is going to get this skin even though Zarya is my 3rd least played hero
Is there any way to get tokens for this without paying? I remember we could get it from watching the matches on twitch but I don’t get them from watching it on YouTube.
I thought this was a new hero reveal for a moment
And HoTS is still the only game with good Zarya skins...
This skin reminds me of men in black
How horrifying
I really like it! It's super unique
LOVE IT!!!
I spend the hole weekend watching OWL: 5 tokens ¬¬'
Love this skin!!
Me: "ok, I need to stop spending my money so freely."

Overwatch: *this
MIB is the intended reference but this kinda gives me Perfect Dark vibes.
Kinda wish it didn’t have the suit
Im so glad i bought Jjonak's skin
This shit is some heat
Thanks, I hate it.
Thanks, I hate it.
Anyone know the song(s) used in the background of the video?
M.I.B. cosplay
So uh, how can i get owl points now? Can i only buy them?
    You can link your blizzard account and you have to watch on the owl website
This skin is more disturbing than Will Smith as a blue ghost in an annoying movie...
do these skins ever return or is it a one time thing?
i like it, but just wish it was more themed towards OWL and Sinatraa.
This makes the cybergoth skin look good.
Terrible skin pales in comparsion to last years
so annoying that i cant get tokens because of my country...
Silly question, everybody knows that he's originally from Planet 092.
Or maybe it’s the reason Sinatraa left OWL lol
    [deleted]
        Love that a top pro quit citing 2-2-2 lock as a possible reason.
            idk about you guys but I love the 2-2-2. One less thing to worry about in the lottery that is comp. Just got back into the Overwatch after a 2 year break. 

It causes a lot less stress unlike back when you were about to leave spawn with 1 healer 4 dps and a tank. The game was practically thrown from the start as none of the DPS would swap and would blame each other for the team not working and being shit.
                The only thing I hate about 2-2-2 is that you can't swap roles with someone else. I loved being a flex player, being able to switch up what I was bringing to the team mid-game as needed. Can't do that anymore outside of QP Classic, and then you're usually dealing with your entire team wanting to be the DPS Death Squad.
                    Well open queque is back at least for u
                    Would be nice if they added an option in round to offer up your role in favor of another. But then youd have tanks and healers instantly asking for dps and getting mad nobody wants to swap them.
                        Then there would potentially be SR discrepancies between the two teams...and could potentially be unfair
                            This. Most people don't think this far but it is exactly the reason why we can't have a role switch.

Also happy cake day!
                [deleted]
                    2-2-2 is not the cause of this. Tank being unfun is the cause of this. It was the cause of the quad dps comps before too. And im a tank main.
                        That and theres so much more variety in DPS than in Tank or Support. They should just revamp a few DPSs and drag them over to Tank and Support. Make Torb a Tank that can create jacked up armour for himself and others. Make Sym a Support that can create barriers, turrets and heal for some reason.

edit: Just thought of something, make Mei and Tank too. She already has Ice Wall to nullify damage and Cryo for self sustain. And Blizzard is an incredible CC move. You can easily tone down her damage and push up her HP and she's basically a Tank already
                            This. Idk why they wouldn't just do this... a lot of people have been requesting this as a solution to the scarcity of tank and support heroes for a while now.
                                I'm against this as a tank/support player because it means that unpopular heroes (ie the ones that are unique) get moved out of the DPS roles and so we set this standard where hybrid characters get reworked.

As a support, I want to be able to switch to Zen or Brig to help the DPS. As a DPS, I want to be able to swap to Mei and help the tanks control space.

 Blizzard needs to release more tanks/supports, not poach heroes away just because gold/silver players don't want to play  with/around Mei/Sym/Sombra/Bastion.

As soon as they start doing that, people are going to start looking at Hog/Zen/Brig/etc and say "they don't fit their roles, fix them!
                            Bring back scrap mechanics and sick armor pack tosses.
                            They literally made her a tank in Heroes of the Storm as well. There isn't really any reason shes in the dps role honestly with her kit.
                            They could also just copy what HotS is doing with Mei. They made her into a tank with some tweaks to her kit.
                            Make Bastion a tank tank.
                        I love playing tank. Guess I'm an oddball
                            I like playing tanks, but I feel you don't get rewarded well enough for doing tanky things on a lot of them
                                Same. It’s not as rewarding as you would like.
Maybe additional SR points?
                            [removed]
                                It's not unique to overwatch tbf, that's just the nature of the game as a tank. You form the backbone of the team and are the first line of defense. You spend a lot of time babysitting or charging into danger, and youre a huge Target. With every other role you can kind of choose where you want to play but as a tank is inevitable that you'll end up in shits Creek and if your team isn't on your wavelength, it can make for a very frustrating experience.

I like playing tank anyway but it can be a lot sometimes. I wanna play DPS and actually get better at aiming and positioning but those queue times are way too long for the unpredictable gameplay experience of overwatch.
                            Yeah im a tank player too

*only plays zarya, ball, and roadhog*
                                Zarya can mitigate any amount of damage that hits in a single game tick while the bubble is up, including tire and dva bomb, and she can do it for herself and others, and it breaks line of sight abilities. She's the only thing that cleanses another person of anti heal, which is one of the most game deciding abilities... Im pretty sure she fits the tank role.
                        I’ve never particularly understood tank being “unfun”. I enjoy it more than dps, although I do play the more fun tanks with hog, sigma, and Zarya as my mains.
                    Role lock should've been the last thing they did after making tanks and healers as appealing to play as dps. It probably wouldn't even be needed after tbh.

The game was designed with hero swapping in mind. That's why most heroes have a hard counter.
                    The new comp mode will be released soon though from what I’ve heard, there will be 222 comp as well as an open queue comp mode. I think that should satisfy everyone. Also having 222 in every OWL game is a bit boring I feel like some rounds should be played without it.
                    I didn't even bother logging in to play OW as soon as I heard 222 lock. I'm a DPS only player, and there is just no way I am wasting my precious life queuing for several long minutes before I get the "opportunity" to play a video game.

Especially as, last time I checked, DPS were always the ones to be blamed. I cannot reasonably justify having to wait ages just to get the pleasure of being bullied by a team who will be AFKing 1 minute in. At least, that is what I would imagine the experience to be like 50% of the time (assuming 50% WR).

I still don't understand how anybody from the OW big brains thought this would be even remotely a good idea. Players, ok, they don't know what they truly want... But game designers? And they're getting paid for it? Jesus.
                Honestly 222 lock creates a lack of team flexibility. If your dps can’t combat against double shields you could have went 3 dps to shred them but now as a nom dps role you’re forced to just suffer your teams shortcomings. It hasn’t really solved anything in that regard. It may have fixed one problem but created an entirely different one. I never had much toxicity before 222 but after it people literally flame each other more.
                    because you couldn’t flame your rein for feeding bc he would just play dps to punish you. now he can’t just swap to make your life hard so you can say whatever.
                    This is my big problem with it.  Sure you don’t have 4 DPS but what does it matter if the 2 you do have aren’t doing their job?  Or if your supports are DPSing? Or if your tanks keep feeding?  You can only do so much in the other roles to help.  I miss the flexibility a lot.
                I feel like it's a really good thing for soloQ and in general playing with people you dont know. But as soon as you're in a full 6-stack it feels like it removes alot of the creativity that you had back in the day. I feel like they should have done their best to make it similar to League. Meaning 2-2-2 is great in 99% of situations but if you WANT to you can still try other tactics
                I would quit if they removed 2-2-2 without replacing it with a better system.

Main tanking with 5 dps is the fuckin worst.
            I can't imagine why. GOATS would probably even more dominant with Sigma.
                There was a match where Sinatraa was playing in the tank role as Zarya, but they had to switch up the team comp and he ended up on Reinhardt lol.
                Because not everyone likes being forced into a certain role regardless of the meta.
                    I get it, but the openness is what allowed goats and shut down almost every other comp. That alone makes it's way more restrictive than 222. You can at least pick between several characters instead of 6 or 7 of the guys required for GOATS.
                        The vast majority of players don’t follow the meta or can even run something like GOATS properly.  So it won’t be more restrictive for the majority of the player base, since you aren’t seeing those comps as much in lower ELO’s.  And when you do, it doesn’t mean anything if they don’t know how to run it.

As for the pros, Blizzwrd just took the lazy way out instead of balancing the heroes to avoid something like GOATS domination.
                            I was referring to OWL while I was making these arguments. For the every player, I personally prefer it. I'm no longer at the mercy of 4 dps mains who all want to play their favorite hitscan. In my mind, the quality of the game has gone up since 222. 

And while it's easy to say Blizz was lazy, how do you manage balancing 32 characters on over a dozen maps at a multitude of different skill levels? (For example, DotA has one map to balance for.) On top of that (until recently) characters are added several times a year. I don't believe it's reasonable to expect a perfect balance. Even with 222, a new barrier character is added and double barrier becomes the meta until the new character gets nerfed into an off tank position (Sigma.)

If it's not obvious, I mean no disrespect, i just disagree.
                                This is an inherent problem with games with a professional playerbase. They are essentially playing a different game than everyone else. If you balance around the pros the game for the average player in gold isn't balanced, and if you balance around the average player it creates problems in the professional level.
                        Goats>Pre nerf widow>any other comp.

Just nerf widow to oblivion and revert other power creep patches and balance changes. because no one wants to die the first 2 seconds of spawn door opening.
                            Or just don’t have awful game sense. I’m really tired of bad players whining about widow. To be good at widow you ACTUALLY need to have very good mechanical skill. Once you get to higher ranks and you try to play widow, you can maybe get a few picks before the enemy swaps to entirely dive and you’re absolutely fucked, especially if you don’t get help from your team. Then, if you don’t swap you are flamed. If you can hit your shots you’re gonna get kills. But if their doom, genji, tracer, widow, monkey, dva, ball, lucio, pharah..... has any gamesense and mechanical ability, you can be shut down. Low ranks should not dictate the game. Professional level shouldn’t either.


The problem I have with this game, after being a CS player for literally 20 years now, is that the player base is way too diverse. It’s going to be impossible to balance a game for SUPER casual players and super competitive players. People play the game for different reasons, even if they enter the Comp mode. They wanna see skins or new heroes or fun looking things and emotes and what not. Whereas other people in the same game have their settings on lowest possible and are purely trying to win. It creates a giant problem that I don’t think any meta or role queue will fix.
            Not a pro, but 2-2-2 was definitely the reason I quit myself. I enjoyed all 3 roles, and now find none fun, while one takes 10-15 queue. 

I still check the subreddit since I have one friend who plays and wants me to join once in a while. 


But it definitely took a lot of the fun. 


Non 2-2-2 compositions were not an issue for me in comp.
            Well, forced roll lock is cancer and killed my enjoyment of the game.
                [deleted]
                    Its not the power of healers which is a turn off, but their playstyle. Ana was the first and last real complex healer that required mechanical mastery as well. Baptiste came out, but not nearly as satisfying as Ana. And then the rest got simplified to the point of not appealing in their playstyles.


Shields tanks are the biggest barrier to player enjoyment of the role as well. Zarya, Hammond, are cool tanks. And then you have to play horse or rectangle man? no thanks.
                There’s always QPC where you can still earn achievements. Imagine my surprise earning one as Baptiste (pixel) and another (cute) for Moira.
        > Not a good look

Neither is the skin
Pretty much my feelings on it. I wish they went full alien instead - that would've been incredible. But the tux/alien combo just looks weird - reference or not.
    What's the reference?
        Man in Black
            Men*
                It’s just the one man actually.
                    The Greater Good.
                        A BIG BUSHY BEARD!
                            Narp?
                                CRUSTY JUGGLERS
                        SHUT IT!
            Is it related to Sinatraa's IGN somehow or just something he likes a lot?
                alien skin bc people say that he looks like an alien.
                    Yeah y'all not seeing that the skin looks exactly like him? Haha they like fuck you wanna leave the league here's your skin you alien ass lookin mf
                Sinatraa is most likely referencing [Frank Sinatra](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Sinatra)  the famous singer and part of the [Rat Pack](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rat_Pack) .

 [Men in Black](https://m.imdb.com/title/tt0119654/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_3) is a movie starring Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. Unless I’m mistaken , there’s no connection between the 2.

Edit: added links
                    Yeah I always thought about Frank Sinatra when I saw his IGN (but never assumed it was because of the singer, it could have another menaing), and to be honest ever since he won MVP I thought about a Zarya skin wearing a tux because of that. Now I'm just very curious about the allien/MIB part. As far as I remember, Jjonak's skin was made based on what he wanted it to look like, also because of the meaning of his IGN. This video doesn't talk about this at all.
                        I used to watch his streams/lots of OW streams back in the day and there was just a meme of sorts going around that Sinatraa looked like an alien. It was a pretty well known joke within the Twitch OW community, I’m 100% positive the alien is a reference to this
                            I see. Thanks for the info!
                        Honestly I have no clue what other reference Sinatraa could refer to but I wouldn’t rule out something else.
                    Sinatra used his (oft ill gotten) funds to finance a lot of movies in his day.

It's very possible that one of the studios or producers involved in making Men In Black would not have been in the position to make the movie were it not for an earlier seemingly unrelated action by Sinatra.

Butterfly effect can do some crazy shit y'know.
                        Haha yeah that’s some deep cut stuff that I’d have no knowledge of so there’s a possibility of some connection. I’m also not certain that there isn’t a reference to Sinatra in the movie. It’s been a while.

There’s a joke about Sinatra dealing with some men in black regularly somewhere that I don’t have the ability to think of.
                            Yeah if there's any connection at all it'll be like... Sinatra helped get a movie made which was the thing that started the career of the person who later went on to hire the person who greenlit MiB.
            The reference is to frank Sinatra, not men in black
            Russian in Black
            ...fled across the desert, and The Gunslinger followed.
        According to the OWL post the suit is because of Frank Sinatra. The alien because Sinatraa’s play is “out of this world”.

[Source on Frank Sinatra reference](https://overwatchleague.com/en-us/news/23455709).
            If you followed Sinatraa or early pro OW, you’d know Sinatraa being an alien was a meme and a constant copypasta whenever he played.

📞👽 HELLO? SINATRAA (SPECIMEN #3457) 📞👽HOW IS YOUR MISSION GOING? 📞👽 IS EARTH PREPARED FOR THE LANDING OF THE MOTHERSHIP? 📞👽


👽 📞 HELLO SINATRAA 👽 📞 PLANET A92-E HERE 👽 📞 PLEASE RETURN TO US 👽 📞


if SINATRAA👽and my girl👧😍 both drowning 😱 👋 and I can only save one😤😬Catch me at the enemy spawn door🚪🔴 with my boy on tracer 🌈🕰
    I like how he said "like one of those retro movies". I mean, wtf, MiB or XFiles arent retro... I refuse to feel old! XD
        Men in Black is well over two decades old. Goddamn.
            The comics the movies were based on are 3 decades old.
                ~~The true story the comics were based on are 5 decades old~~

Edit: Nothing to see here please look into this red light
        Hate to break to you 90s baby we some old mfs now! Lol
    Some kinda alien armor would have been insane
I think its pretty cool. Gives me a Men in Black feel
Gives an MIB agent vibe, I kinda like it
Yeah, I think this is the best summary of how I feel. I only saw the first MIB movie, but I don't remember aliens actually wearing suits. (Besides the amazing Edgar in his hillbilly Vincent D'Onofrio suit.)

Also, I think most of us are just predisposed to be critical of this skin, because no matter how good the art is, it's associated with the guy who was a star and then quit at the height of his fame for a competing game that -- oh wait -- absolutely no one watches.
I wish her boots/other silver elements would turn gold like the weapon. Kinda kills it for me
It's the chest piece for me. Like it doesn't even match the leggings.
I'd kill for a full roster of "Formal" skins, just fancy suits and dresses.
You’re a good man, thank you.
That would have been hilarious but they kinda got that reaction anyways.  He looked super excited to see it, bouncing up and down in his chair and when they finally showed it to him the reaction was "okay... okay.  damn."
Did you see his reaction? He thought this one WAS the joke skin lmao
His actual reaction kinda implies he doesn't love it anyways.
    "okay....okay"
Persephone
A Valorant skin would have been hilarious.
When I saw the pic and didn’t read the title I thought it’s a new hero for a second.
    Same here, although I've read the title. As someone who doesn't care in the slightest about competitive scene I was like "who the fuck is Sinatraa, is he a new hero?"
Same, I thought it was Hanzo's Casual skin for like the first 2 seconds then I realized I was a dumbass lmao
Someone posted the skin preview of it in a POTG animation. Honestly, the way her gun looks and works fits the MIB concept. It looks just like one of those giant guns Will Smith wasn't allowed to have over the Cricket lol
    The gun definitely is the saving grace of the skin. It's pretty awesome, and exactly like a MIB weapon.
Honestly from the thumbnail I thought it was a new Echo skin.

I love everything about a tuxedo Zarya skin; unfortunately this one has a face like...*that*.
What character do you think fit better?  


Maybe Symmetra and her weird tech? or Ashe with an alien Bob?
    MIB ash with alien Bob would be awesome. But I think echo would fit this look best
        BAAAAAWB, PROBE SOMETHIN!
            Hey I think I’ve seen this one.
                With Hulk and Black Widow, right?
            \*high-intensity ranged probing commences*
        I want this skin really badly now
    Tuxedo Ashe, alien Bob. Awww yea

Mind eraser stick TNT
    Symmetra would be good, I was thinking sigma, pharah, junkrat or echo.  But really, the alien design could work with most characters, that part is cool. 

My main issue really is the suit. Zarya wears baggy trousers, which is basically a sin when it comes to suits.

Edit: just to add, I think the design of zarya's alien face and "hair" is too feminine? Zarya tends to have a butch/less refined look so this doesn't fit imo.  A different kind of alien and maybe a more roughed up suit would've been better.
    Definitely more of a Torb skin
    Sinatraa is the MVP, he wanted a Zarya skin, it’s not just a casual release, they had to respect his demand but they fucked up
Absolutely insane to me that she doesn’t have a ghostbuster skin. Skin team fail
    Holy shit that would be perfect for zarya

Fingers crossed for it as a Halloween skin
I think it would work a lot better if it were still Zarya’s face/body with some shades on. Actually I think that would be kinda perfect.
    Yeah regular zarya would look good in a fitted suit. I think for a while, a number of people were asking for an anniversary event to give everyone suits/dresses, like doomfist got.

There's a disconnect between the suit and the alien part in this
Out of curiosity, who would have fit the concept in your opinion?
The alien is pretty cool. The head looks dope... just don’t like the suit
A nice suit for Zarya is nice but sadly many people don't find her outlook attractive. Unlike DVA, Mercy, Widowmaker..
Why has nobody mentioned Xuanwu??
    Right?? It's the only zarya skin I'll use
    That one is frustrating for me because it has parts of it that are great but seems like it could’ve been so much better (like they were holding back almost)
    I hate this skin for the way the weapon looks when you have it equipped. I feel like it takes away from the screen.
Totally ‘80s and Barbarian are dope
    Barbarian skin makes her weapon look dope af
        The snake one too, I love how it coils around in her gun.
    Barbarian FTW
    What’s wrong with snowboarder ?
        It’s okay I guess. I’m really particular about skins... lol
Totally 80s & Workout are awesome. But you’re definitely right about the rest.
    Workout is criminally underrated and I don't really understand why. The sleeveless hoodie and color scheme are dope. The gun isn't really anything special, but still solid.
        I love that the gun looks like a workout bench
            Ohhh, that's what they were going for. Well I feel like a dummy. Looking at it now, the inspiration is pretty obvious. That is pretty cool actually.
        Workout is the only good Zarya skin. Not just for the awesome color scheme and clothing, but because it shows how S W O L E she is.
Totally 80s is fuckin rad
    That one is great. But basically all of her other ones are disappointing
        I like her Work Out one
        I think her barb skin and her winter skin are pretty rad
        Agreed
    *Hit me with your best shot*

is the best line in the game, but I wish her ult would go

*Fire away!*
    My number 1 favorite skin in the game even.
    Cyberian with golden weapon is meta change my mind
Cyberian and Barbarian are fuckin awesome though.
Barbarian and Cyberian are basically it

Run champion for the gun sometimes though
I mean, everyone else here already spoke for 80’s which is my favorite. Barbarian, Workout, and Cyber. But what’s wrong with her Summer Games Olympic skin? It’s nothing special but it’s too....basic to be really considered bad imo.
    Basic = Bad as far as legendaries go
        That makes sense.
I like her Work Out skin, her Barbarian skin, and her Snowboarding skin. Definitely not a fan of her Totally 80s skin or Goth Punk variants.
The devs hate Zarya and Moira. Maybe they just like designing skins for sexy anime girls lol
What? Barbarian, transformer, Xuanwu, and 80s are good imo
Ironic, since she's based on an actual Blizzard employee
I guess the reason is that many people don't find her facial appearance good looking. Look back in TF2 community, many people obsess with Female versions of Scout, Sniper, Medic.. but when it comes to Heavy, everyone feels cringed.

Back in Overwatch, when it comes to most attractive female heroes. DVA, Mercy & Widowmaker are mostly the top choices; Ana (Young), Ashe & Brigitte are also popular but maybe not as much as the top 3; Mei, Pharah, Sombra look decently okay or maybe look as good as the popular ones; Moira, Symmetra & Zarya are usually the bottom-tier. 

Anyway, it's entirely subjective when it comes to which hero is good-looking as we all have our own taste.
Even Jjonaks behind the scenes video was so wholesome & felt way more wholehearted.
Have they said if they'll ever sell jjonaks skin again? I absolutely loved the skin when they announced it, but I was unemployed and going through a bit of a rough patch and unfortunately could not afford it at the time :/
Yeah, it's pretty bad imo. The suit just looks really weird on her. I wish they went full alien. Definitely not buying this. The jjonak one is sick, on the other hand.
[deleted]
    How did you manage to save all that through the Anniversary event?!? I mean, EVERYTHING was purchasable!
        If you have 150k creds, it's because you've already got everything.
I'm here said that I didn't get Mercy's Atlanta skin. Such a great skin.
    Well to make you feel better, I still think Pink is much better than Atlanta solely because Atlanta still have yellow wings, like why Blizzard? Does it take that much effort to make a colour change? Or do you simply don't care at all?
        But that hair. Honestly it's the most detailed hair in the game. Really unique whereas the other characters just have straight hair.
            I know, everything was so beautiful, until she started flying that was the biggest eyesore for a long while
                I feel the same with the nutcracker skin. Even the dragon skin had yellow wings. It's seriously not that hard to swap them I'd imagine since they do so with other skins and they have the tech for color swaps with the owl skins.
Same here.
I wish I had that and the London Spitfire Winston
I would pay x10 the price for the doomfist skin rn
you can, just gotta sign in on the overwatch league website and watch it from there, just watching the youtube stream doesn't get you them
    I've tried logging in but it never works for me with this new system
        Same. I’ve watched so many matches in their website while logged in, and I have a whopping 0 tokens
            Ditto here. Signed in, only one account, it says "Eligible for viewership rewards", adblocker disabled, no rewards.
            It works on the app. Kinda.
                Kinda working is better than not working I guess lol. I just downloaded it, hopefully I get something out of it
            Depends on where you're from. Some countries, like mine, are not eligible for the rewards. Kinda sad, my country has 10 million citizens, is literally in the middle of Europe, 3/4 of the neighbouring countries have it, but we don't
                Which country is that?
                    Czech Republic
                        Ah damn I thought that since your username is in German you were talking about Switzerland and had generously rounded up the population...wanted to tell you that it works fine^^

That’s sad to hear.
                            Oh well.. I bought it for 5 euros, so it's not that big of a deal after all
                True. I’m in the US, so I really don’t know what’s going on. But damn that sucks! Maybe you could get a VPN?
                I live in Florida and it doesnt work lol
                I'm in France (a Country that is eligible for coins) and i still don't earn coins.
            I've noticed it loads a Flash applet before the site loads, I'm assuming that's how it counts and send data back. Maybe make sure you have Flash installed and updated.
            I watched it first in app and got the tokens, then I watched on the website (it even said I was logged in so I should get tokens) and got nothing. I watched it again on the app during the 13th and 14th and I received tokens so I’m gonna stick with the app
        clear your cookies.
        [deleted]
            Thanks for the tip. I'll give this a try. Apparently there is also an app that generally works.
        Works for me. I got a ton.
            Thanks
    It hasn't worked for me at all, I'm on console if that makes any difference. My account is connected to my PS4 and I watch through overwatch league and have gotten nothing. It's a bummer because I never had a problem when they were on twitch.
        Use the mobile app. It works perfectly.
            I'll try that but I prefer to watch on my computer, watching on my old ass phone isn't ideal. Thanks for the suggestion though hopefully that works.
                You can watch on your computer and just let it run on your phone for the tokens. Just make sure you’re signed in on the app.
    Nice, had no idea this was a thing.
        It's mostly youtube's fault for not having a system for drops yet, a lot of their promises for livestream changes this year haven't been fulfilled
    you are literally my hero thank you
    but the site says watch only on youtube and doesn't mention token drops at all
You can since the last 2 weekends of OWL. I made 200+ tokens already

You have to login to the Overwatch league website or OWL app and play the stream from there (don't go to YouTube app or site) and you get 5 tokens per hour. For console you gotta have your PSN/XBOX account to the battle net account you login to watch streams with.

Also not every country is eligible, you can check the website and there's a list of countries that can earn "viewership rewards".
    Not sure how this info is not even pinned yet. That's r/Overwatch for you.
    Lucky you
Switching from Twitch was the biggest mistake ever. Youtube's quality is leagues worse. Constant issues.
    Yeah, I feel the same way. I'm hoping that one day Blizzard figures out how to integrate video into their desktop client but with how little development we see in their games, that might never happen.
Never could anyway for like half the world. If I want this skin I have to shell out like 20 bucks for it.
    That's disgusting.
        Honestly at this point I feel like writing to Blizzard's legal department and asking them what law I need to get changed to make it possible. There's a huge OW following in my country, I feel like the support would be there.
I just wish it had literally anything to do with Sinatra (outside of a vague reference), the OWL, or the Shock. Only thing tying it to those things are the semi-transparent patches on the arm that no one will ever notice.

They're given a chance to celebrate esports and their MVP and they make... an alien. As a standalone skin it's really dope though, at least.
    Isn't it a meme that Sinatraa looks like an alien?
        yea it was literally the main meme in his chat in the 150k era
    He designed it himself
        I didn't know that that's super cool! Doesn't change my opinion that the skin should visually reflect the OWL/Shock but i'm glad he got to have a hand in it.
            To be fair, jjonaks skin only referenced the fact that he has an octopus tattoo right?
                The name Jjonak means fumbling octopus. Thats why he's called the Octopus King and got the tattoo
                And his massive brain
                    I'd give you gold if I wasn't lazy
                        The sentiment is all that matters:)
                The colors were NYXL's too.
                    This one is the Shocks colours though.
                        I know that they've switched the colors up, but I would still say the Shock's defining color is orange.
                “The new Overwatch League MVP skin is based on Jjonak's favorite animal the octopus, his name stands for Jjomullak Nakji”, which means “fumbling octopus” and the pro even has a tattoo of one on his arm.” -Dexerto
                Yeah that's true. That one I feel is a really good balance between taking elements from the player, making a skin the community will like even if they don't follow the OWL, and still honoring the fact that it's an OWL skin through the colour scheme and prominent logo.
                You can also see the NYXL logo on Zen's clothing
            There already is a Doomfist skin to celebrate Shock as a whole winning the championship. This skin is meant to commemorate Sinatraa's MVP performance itself, and it's a long-running meme that he resembles an alien. Even his clothing line is extra-terrestrial themed.
                ...he has a clothing line??
        Did you watch the video? They revealed it to him, he asked for a Zarya skin and that’s it from what I understand, no specifications or whatever; creators were free to make the skin and reveal it to him once it was done
    "Vague reference?" The suit is literally based on [Frank Sinatra's tuxedo](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000069/mediaviewer/rm2541524992). Don't see how "wearing the same suit as the player's moniker" is vague
        You know suits are famously generic? Like you can't say "this is based off a Frank Sinatra suit" when you could say any suit is based off another one if they're at least the same colour.
        Do you hear yourself speak? All of these tuxedo suits are the same. It’s not “Sinatra’s suit.” It’s a suit.
    "Vague reference", as in, Sinatraa's nickname wearing the tux of Sinatraa's namesake. So vague only people who may have heard of him might get it. Jesus.
    In addition to what people said, it also has the Grand Finals + MVP Trophies on the shoulder
I loved MiB, so I enjoy it a lot. Here's to hoping I ever actually get to play as off-tank, though.
Even though I picked it up regardless like I always do with my free OWL points plus Zarya is my second tank, it finally grew on me. 

Really dig it, especially the gun.
Even though I picked it up regardless like I always do with my free OWL points plus Zarya is my second tank, it finally grew on me. 

Really dig it, especially the gun.
It's a suit - a reference to MIB.
    The designers were implying it without outright saying it when they said, "Hollywood alien movie FBI kinda vibe".
        Lol yeah I was thinking that as well. Somebody in the legal department probably yelled at them "DON'T SAY MEN IN BLACK!" So he said "alien FBI" which is about as close as you can get to MIB without actually saying it.
            How to fly as demonstrations man
                I see tf2 reference, I upvote. Every. Time.
                    Even better is a hybrid meme: How to fly as on-fire rodent trash man.
    Ohhhh...I'd thought it was Frank Sinatra. Yours makes more sense
        They say in the article it was more a reference to Frank Sinatra, but yeah both.
        It can be both!
    whats the connection with Sinatraa and MIB?
        It's also a reference to Frank Sinatra, which I think is why Sinatraa requested a suit
    Okay, that makes way more sense now yeah.
    It could also have been a reference to Frank Sinatra as he wore a lot of suits.
    Still a bad execution imo. It would have been better without the reference.
    It’s not tho. It’s a reference to Frank Sinatra. The alien thing is because his play is “out of this world”. Seriously. 

https://overwatchleague.com/en-us/news/23455709
Overwatch it’s it’s entirety yeah
But she IS a buff alien chick. What?
I had like 205 tokens saved up which was perfect, especially since I've picked up zarya and played her a lot lately
Are they still doing the tokens? I've not had any in weeks.
    [removed]
    Yeah, they enabled token drops on youtube like what, 2 weeks ago i think?
        Not youtube, specifically the overwatch league website and their app (~~the app is bad, don't even try)~~ 

try it, seems like my phone might be bad
            For me the app is working perfectly fine. The website is broken tho.
        Showing my ignorance here but how do tokens work?
            Goto the site, log into your blizz account, watch the LIVE stream.

I think you get 5 league tokens for every 1 hour watched.

Spend league tokens in-game on the "Overwatch League" menu.
I use Butch Tracer and Goth Zarya just to disgust and trigger people
    Screw you, man.
    Goth zarya is dope. I use the red one all the time (mainly because I don't have cybergoth yet). I didn't even know people disliked those skins.
        Those two skins are considered by many to be the worst in the game.
            Well they're wrong, but each their own.
                Bunch of chavs still dislike goth.
    > Butch Tracer

tf is butch tracer
        The stupid yellow one
            [This one?](https://gamepedia.cursecdn.com/overwatch_gamepedia/7/7a/Tracer_Skin_Lightning.png?version=ae97409a47df71a36332a055878c3c5a)  One advantage to this skin (and a few others) is her head silhouette is different than normal (hitbox should be unchanged, but I've never tested it).

I don't think that makes it worth using though.  I agree it looks stupid.
        Mohawk tracer im guessing
    I'm definitely going to use this skin after seeing how much people seem to hate it.
I would say it's also arguably one of the best. They took a Big Swing and whether or not it was a miss that's still respectable
    It's a controversial skin for sure, but boy do I agree with you. I wasn't expecting to be _this_ impressed with the skin. Easily the best looking skin in the game atm.
        I don't like the look, but the gun is dope
        I think it’s her best skin by far and it’s not even close. I personally dislike all her skins except the plain purple one
    [deleted]
        They're saying they personally would argue its one of the best. And then saying whether or not you like it or dislike it, its respectable that they took a huge swing.
People saying "oh the suit is a MIB reference!" as if that makes it any better? Look at her freaking shoes?? She looks like a Dorohedoro character but in a bad way!!
I have no idea how anyone could look at this skin and say that. It looks so sleek and polished. Her face is so cute and the details look great.

Have you ever seen the Rainbow Brite trash that is Mask Dancer Moira? *That* is the worst skin they've ever put out.

Frankly, I think this is the new best Zarya skin.
I thought it was a prank. I really hope to not see a single person rocking this in game. Its actually awful
    I'm not really a fan of Zaryas skins and I'm tired of using Barbarian so I'll rock it, plus the gun looks really cool.
    Jokes on you, I think this skin is rad and I will rock it with my golden weapon!
It's legit like one of the best skins Zarya has ever had wtf u talkin about
    Exactly! It's so fucking cute. Her little nictating blink is amazing. The alien design goes more for adorable/faerie like, rather than gross and ugly. And the suit looks so dapper on her.
I would love the Mercy and tracer skin...
Sameeee, I need the Zenyatta skin.
Yeah for once I'm not even tempted to buy it tbh.
I can see people disliking it because it's so far removed from Zarya as a character and in terms of appearance.
    I think it's more these two concepts weren't executed into one cohesive look. The tux is such a large part of the model but there's not much that ties the alien head to the body
        This is why I don't like it. Both parts look great, but clash when put together.
It feels like it's doing too much. I get the MiB reference, but it feels like it should have either gone down a full Alien route or a full 'Men in Back' with just Zarya in the suit and sunglasses, which would look badass. 

Instead, we get this weird in-between of an alien in a suit, which doesn't really work either way for me.
It's really terrible bruh, her rare skins are better than this
    Ashe gets all the good skins imo
Until June 30th
That's one of the things that I liked about it noticed it instantly.
Probably when the season ends, which is August I think.
    Thanks!
There’s more skins coming?? I was so disappointed thank you for giving me hope.
    Yeah every year they do 2 "All star" skins which are also 200 OWL tokens each.

Here are the previous all star skins, they all look sick imo 

https://i.imgur.com/l0e7XI1.png

https://bnetcmsus-a.akamaihd.net/cms/content_entry_media/q5/Q521KOB5JRCM1533925583743.jpg
where?
??? Where
chinese new year and cyberian both want a word
    that’s a hot take.
    Not a fan of Cyberian, which is like a weird Iron Man rip-off, but Xianwu is GOAT for Zarya.
        Bruh Cyberian is a sharp pink robot that everyone hates because Jeffy K said everyone would love it and then it was weird.

Fuckin skin rules man. 

(I also sorta like this mvp skin because it is weird)

yes Xianwu is the best one
    You just reminded me that I forgot to buy her Chinese New Year skin, ugh.
    You just reminded me that I forgot to buy her Chinese New Year skin, ugh.
Me too
The DF skin is a bit earthquake themed, because it's supposed to be loose cracked rock like from an earthquake.  Also, they went with DF because his ult is named Seismic Slam...a direct reference to earthquakes.  
Sinatraa directly requested an alien in a suit, so it's not like they could deviate all that much.
The player designs the skin, has nothing to do with trying to brand it.
The alien skin has nothing to do with Frank Sinatra. You are misinformed.
buying a cosmetic item no one else gives a shit about due to FOMO then blaming it on capitalism lol
Honestly the only reason I don't use Jjonak's skin is because Cultist Zenyatta exists, and that skin on its own is amazingly hard to top. Zen has some pretty good skins.
I would say the opposite. It’s great taste to have an alien OWL skin, but wow, this is NOT how I thought they’d go about it.
iirc, it's $10 worth of OWL tokens. You can spend real money or spend the tokens you get while watching (I'm not sure if it's working though, some people are saying drops are bugged)
Pitch the concept
You don’t have to if you watch the games
Yeah, I really wish he had an orange spacesuit instead of a mib suit
He left OWL

He didn’t leave OW

besides, they wouldn’t let him wear it in a tournament game lol
Have 200 could’ve gotten doomfist but the zen mvp was amazing so i save now im mad
I agree on this one!! GOATS in suits lol
You can link your blizzard account and you have to watch on the owl website
[deleted]
    Love that a top pro quit citing 2-2-2 lock as a possible reason.
        idk about you guys but I love the 2-2-2. One less thing to worry about in the lottery that is comp. Just got back into the Overwatch after a 2 year break. 

It causes a lot less stress unlike back when you were about to leave spawn with 1 healer 4 dps and a tank. The game was practically thrown from the start as none of the DPS would swap and would blame each other for the team not working and being shit.
            The only thing I hate about 2-2-2 is that you can't swap roles with someone else. I loved being a flex player, being able to switch up what I was bringing to the team mid-game as needed. Can't do that anymore outside of QP Classic, and then you're usually dealing with your entire team wanting to be the DPS Death Squad.
                Well open queque is back at least for u
                Would be nice if they added an option in round to offer up your role in favor of another. But then youd have tanks and healers instantly asking for dps and getting mad nobody wants to swap them.
                    Then there would potentially be SR discrepancies between the two teams...and could potentially be unfair
                        This. Most people don't think this far but it is exactly the reason why we can't have a role switch.

Also happy cake day!
            [deleted]
                2-2-2 is not the cause of this. Tank being unfun is the cause of this. It was the cause of the quad dps comps before too. And im a tank main.
                    That and theres so much more variety in DPS than in Tank or Support. They should just revamp a few DPSs and drag them over to Tank and Support. Make Torb a Tank that can create jacked up armour for himself and others. Make Sym a Support that can create barriers, turrets and heal for some reason.

edit: Just thought of something, make Mei and Tank too. She already has Ice Wall to nullify damage and Cryo for self sustain. And Blizzard is an incredible CC move. You can easily tone down her damage and push up her HP and she's basically a Tank already
                        This. Idk why they wouldn't just do this... a lot of people have been requesting this as a solution to the scarcity of tank and support heroes for a while now.
                            I'm against this as a tank/support player because it means that unpopular heroes (ie the ones that are unique) get moved out of the DPS roles and so we set this standard where hybrid characters get reworked.

As a support, I want to be able to switch to Zen or Brig to help the DPS. As a DPS, I want to be able to swap to Mei and help the tanks control space.

 Blizzard needs to release more tanks/supports, not poach heroes away just because gold/silver players don't want to play  with/around Mei/Sym/Sombra/Bastion.

As soon as they start doing that, people are going to start looking at Hog/Zen/Brig/etc and say "they don't fit their roles, fix them!
                        Bring back scrap mechanics and sick armor pack tosses.
                        They literally made her a tank in Heroes of the Storm as well. There isn't really any reason shes in the dps role honestly with her kit.
                        They could also just copy what HotS is doing with Mei. They made her into a tank with some tweaks to her kit.
                        Make Bastion a tank tank.
                    I love playing tank. Guess I'm an oddball
                        I like playing tanks, but I feel you don't get rewarded well enough for doing tanky things on a lot of them
                            Same. It’s not as rewarding as you would like.
Maybe additional SR points?
                        [removed]
                            It's not unique to overwatch tbf, that's just the nature of the game as a tank. You form the backbone of the team and are the first line of defense. You spend a lot of time babysitting or charging into danger, and youre a huge Target. With every other role you can kind of choose where you want to play but as a tank is inevitable that you'll end up in shits Creek and if your team isn't on your wavelength, it can make for a very frustrating experience.

I like playing tank anyway but it can be a lot sometimes. I wanna play DPS and actually get better at aiming and positioning but those queue times are way too long for the unpredictable gameplay experience of overwatch.
                        Yeah im a tank player too

*only plays zarya, ball, and roadhog*
                            Zarya can mitigate any amount of damage that hits in a single game tick while the bubble is up, including tire and dva bomb, and she can do it for herself and others, and it breaks line of sight abilities. She's the only thing that cleanses another person of anti heal, which is one of the most game deciding abilities... Im pretty sure she fits the tank role.
                    I’ve never particularly understood tank being “unfun”. I enjoy it more than dps, although I do play the more fun tanks with hog, sigma, and Zarya as my mains.
                Role lock should've been the last thing they did after making tanks and healers as appealing to play as dps. It probably wouldn't even be needed after tbh.

The game was designed with hero swapping in mind. That's why most heroes have a hard counter.
                The new comp mode will be released soon though from what I’ve heard, there will be 222 comp as well as an open queue comp mode. I think that should satisfy everyone. Also having 222 in every OWL game is a bit boring I feel like some rounds should be played without it.
                I didn't even bother logging in to play OW as soon as I heard 222 lock. I'm a DPS only player, and there is just no way I am wasting my precious life queuing for several long minutes before I get the "opportunity" to play a video game.

Especially as, last time I checked, DPS were always the ones to be blamed. I cannot reasonably justify having to wait ages just to get the pleasure of being bullied by a team who will be AFKing 1 minute in. At least, that is what I would imagine the experience to be like 50% of the time (assuming 50% WR).

I still don't understand how anybody from the OW big brains thought this would be even remotely a good idea. Players, ok, they don't know what they truly want... But game designers? And they're getting paid for it? Jesus.
            Honestly 222 lock creates a lack of team flexibility. If your dps can’t combat against double shields you could have went 3 dps to shred them but now as a nom dps role you’re forced to just suffer your teams shortcomings. It hasn’t really solved anything in that regard. It may have fixed one problem but created an entirely different one. I never had much toxicity before 222 but after it people literally flame each other more.
                because you couldn’t flame your rein for feeding bc he would just play dps to punish you. now he can’t just swap to make your life hard so you can say whatever.
                This is my big problem with it.  Sure you don’t have 4 DPS but what does it matter if the 2 you do have aren’t doing their job?  Or if your supports are DPSing? Or if your tanks keep feeding?  You can only do so much in the other roles to help.  I miss the flexibility a lot.
            I feel like it's a really good thing for soloQ and in general playing with people you dont know. But as soon as you're in a full 6-stack it feels like it removes alot of the creativity that you had back in the day. I feel like they should have done their best to make it similar to League. Meaning 2-2-2 is great in 99% of situations but if you WANT to you can still try other tactics
            I would quit if they removed 2-2-2 without replacing it with a better system.

Main tanking with 5 dps is the fuckin worst.
        I can't imagine why. GOATS would probably even more dominant with Sigma.
            There was a match where Sinatraa was playing in the tank role as Zarya, but they had to switch up the team comp and he ended up on Reinhardt lol.
            Because not everyone likes being forced into a certain role regardless of the meta.
                I get it, but the openness is what allowed goats and shut down almost every other comp. That alone makes it's way more restrictive than 222. You can at least pick between several characters instead of 6 or 7 of the guys required for GOATS.
                    The vast majority of players don’t follow the meta or can even run something like GOATS properly.  So it won’t be more restrictive for the majority of the player base, since you aren’t seeing those comps as much in lower ELO’s.  And when you do, it doesn’t mean anything if they don’t know how to run it.

As for the pros, Blizzwrd just took the lazy way out instead of balancing the heroes to avoid something like GOATS domination.
                        I was referring to OWL while I was making these arguments. For the every player, I personally prefer it. I'm no longer at the mercy of 4 dps mains who all want to play their favorite hitscan. In my mind, the quality of the game has gone up since 222. 

And while it's easy to say Blizz was lazy, how do you manage balancing 32 characters on over a dozen maps at a multitude of different skill levels? (For example, DotA has one map to balance for.) On top of that (until recently) characters are added several times a year. I don't believe it's reasonable to expect a perfect balance. Even with 222, a new barrier character is added and double barrier becomes the meta until the new character gets nerfed into an off tank position (Sigma.)

If it's not obvious, I mean no disrespect, i just disagree.
                            This is an inherent problem with games with a professional playerbase. They are essentially playing a different game than everyone else. If you balance around the pros the game for the average player in gold isn't balanced, and if you balance around the average player it creates problems in the professional level.
                    Goats>Pre nerf widow>any other comp.

Just nerf widow to oblivion and revert other power creep patches and balance changes. because no one wants to die the first 2 seconds of spawn door opening.
                        Or just don’t have awful game sense. I’m really tired of bad players whining about widow. To be good at widow you ACTUALLY need to have very good mechanical skill. Once you get to higher ranks and you try to play widow, you can maybe get a few picks before the enemy swaps to entirely dive and you’re absolutely fucked, especially if you don’t get help from your team. Then, if you don’t swap you are flamed. If you can hit your shots you’re gonna get kills. But if their doom, genji, tracer, widow, monkey, dva, ball, lucio, pharah..... has any gamesense and mechanical ability, you can be shut down. Low ranks should not dictate the game. Professional level shouldn’t either.


The problem I have with this game, after being a CS player for literally 20 years now, is that the player base is way too diverse. It’s going to be impossible to balance a game for SUPER casual players and super competitive players. People play the game for different reasons, even if they enter the Comp mode. They wanna see skins or new heroes or fun looking things and emotes and what not. Whereas other people in the same game have their settings on lowest possible and are purely trying to win. It creates a giant problem that I don’t think any meta or role queue will fix.
        Not a pro, but 2-2-2 was definitely the reason I quit myself. I enjoyed all 3 roles, and now find none fun, while one takes 10-15 queue. 

I still check the subreddit since I have one friend who plays and wants me to join once in a while. 


But it definitely took a lot of the fun. 


Non 2-2-2 compositions were not an issue for me in comp.
        Well, forced roll lock is cancer and killed my enjoyment of the game.
            [deleted]
                Its not the power of healers which is a turn off, but their playstyle. Ana was the first and last real complex healer that required mechanical mastery as well. Baptiste came out, but not nearly as satisfying as Ana. And then the rest got simplified to the point of not appealing in their playstyles.


Shields tanks are the biggest barrier to player enjoyment of the role as well. Zarya, Hammond, are cool tanks. And then you have to play horse or rectangle man? no thanks.
            There’s always QPC where you can still earn achievements. Imagine my surprise earning one as Baptiste (pixel) and another (cute) for Moira.
    > Not a good look

Neither is the skin
What's the reference?
    Man in Black
        Men*
            It’s just the one man actually.
                The Greater Good.
                    A BIG BUSHY BEARD!
                        Narp?
                            CRUSTY JUGGLERS
                    SHUT IT!
        Is it related to Sinatraa's IGN somehow or just something he likes a lot?
            alien skin bc people say that he looks like an alien.
                Yeah y'all not seeing that the skin looks exactly like him? Haha they like fuck you wanna leave the league here's your skin you alien ass lookin mf
            Sinatraa is most likely referencing [Frank Sinatra](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Sinatra)  the famous singer and part of the [Rat Pack](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rat_Pack) .

 [Men in Black](https://m.imdb.com/title/tt0119654/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_3) is a movie starring Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. Unless I’m mistaken , there’s no connection between the 2.

Edit: added links
                Yeah I always thought about Frank Sinatra when I saw his IGN (but never assumed it was because of the singer, it could have another menaing), and to be honest ever since he won MVP I thought about a Zarya skin wearing a tux because of that. Now I'm just very curious about the allien/MIB part. As far as I remember, Jjonak's skin was made based on what he wanted it to look like, also because of the meaning of his IGN. This video doesn't talk about this at all.
                    I used to watch his streams/lots of OW streams back in the day and there was just a meme of sorts going around that Sinatraa looked like an alien. It was a pretty well known joke within the Twitch OW community, I’m 100% positive the alien is a reference to this
                        I see. Thanks for the info!
                    Honestly I have no clue what other reference Sinatraa could refer to but I wouldn’t rule out something else.
                Sinatra used his (oft ill gotten) funds to finance a lot of movies in his day.

It's very possible that one of the studios or producers involved in making Men In Black would not have been in the position to make the movie were it not for an earlier seemingly unrelated action by Sinatra.

Butterfly effect can do some crazy shit y'know.
                    Haha yeah that’s some deep cut stuff that I’d have no knowledge of so there’s a possibility of some connection. I’m also not certain that there isn’t a reference to Sinatra in the movie. It’s been a while.

There’s a joke about Sinatra dealing with some men in black regularly somewhere that I don’t have the ability to think of.
                        Yeah if there's any connection at all it'll be like... Sinatra helped get a movie made which was the thing that started the career of the person who later went on to hire the person who greenlit MiB.
        The reference is to frank Sinatra, not men in black
        Russian in Black
        ...fled across the desert, and The Gunslinger followed.
    According to the OWL post the suit is because of Frank Sinatra. The alien because Sinatraa’s play is “out of this world”.

[Source on Frank Sinatra reference](https://overwatchleague.com/en-us/news/23455709).
        If you followed Sinatraa or early pro OW, you’d know Sinatraa being an alien was a meme and a constant copypasta whenever he played.

📞👽 HELLO? SINATRAA (SPECIMEN #3457) 📞👽HOW IS YOUR MISSION GOING? 📞👽 IS EARTH PREPARED FOR THE LANDING OF THE MOTHERSHIP? 📞👽


👽 📞 HELLO SINATRAA 👽 📞 PLANET A92-E HERE 👽 📞 PLEASE RETURN TO US 👽 📞


if SINATRAA👽and my girl👧😍 both drowning 😱 👋 and I can only save one😤😬Catch me at the enemy spawn door🚪🔴 with my boy on tracer 🌈🕰
I like how he said "like one of those retro movies". I mean, wtf, MiB or XFiles arent retro... I refuse to feel old! XD
    Men in Black is well over two decades old. Goddamn.
        The comics the movies were based on are 3 decades old.
            ~~The true story the comics were based on are 5 decades old~~

Edit: Nothing to see here please look into this red light
    Hate to break to you 90s baby we some old mfs now! Lol
Some kinda alien armor would have been insane
"okay....okay"
Same here, although I've read the title. As someone who doesn't care in the slightest about competitive scene I was like "who the fuck is Sinatraa, is he a new hero?"
The gun definitely is the saving grace of the skin. It's pretty awesome, and exactly like a MIB weapon.
MIB ash with alien Bob would be awesome. But I think echo would fit this look best
    BAAAAAWB, PROBE SOMETHIN!
        Hey I think I’ve seen this one.
            With Hulk and Black Widow, right?
        \*high-intensity ranged probing commences*
    I want this skin really badly now
Tuxedo Ashe, alien Bob. Awww yea

Mind eraser stick TNT
Symmetra would be good, I was thinking sigma, pharah, junkrat or echo.  But really, the alien design could work with most characters, that part is cool. 

My main issue really is the suit. Zarya wears baggy trousers, which is basically a sin when it comes to suits.

Edit: just to add, I think the design of zarya's alien face and "hair" is too feminine? Zarya tends to have a butch/less refined look so this doesn't fit imo.  A different kind of alien and maybe a more roughed up suit would've been better.
Definitely more of a Torb skin
Sinatraa is the MVP, he wanted a Zarya skin, it’s not just a casual release, they had to respect his demand but they fucked up
Holy shit that would be perfect for zarya

Fingers crossed for it as a Halloween skin
Yeah regular zarya would look good in a fitted suit. I think for a while, a number of people were asking for an anniversary event to give everyone suits/dresses, like doomfist got.

There's a disconnect between the suit and the alien part in this
Right?? It's the only zarya skin I'll use
That one is frustrating for me because it has parts of it that are great but seems like it could’ve been so much better (like they were holding back almost)
I hate this skin for the way the weapon looks when you have it equipped. I feel like it takes away from the screen.
Barbarian skin makes her weapon look dope af
    The snake one too, I love how it coils around in her gun.
Barbarian FTW
What’s wrong with snowboarder ?
    It’s okay I guess. I’m really particular about skins... lol
Workout is criminally underrated and I don't really understand why. The sleeveless hoodie and color scheme are dope. The gun isn't really anything special, but still solid.
    I love that the gun looks like a workout bench
        Ohhh, that's what they were going for. Well I feel like a dummy. Looking at it now, the inspiration is pretty obvious. That is pretty cool actually.
    Workout is the only good Zarya skin. Not just for the awesome color scheme and clothing, but because it shows how S W O L E she is.
That one is great. But basically all of her other ones are disappointing
    I like her Work Out one
    I think her barb skin and her winter skin are pretty rad
    Agreed
*Hit me with your best shot*

is the best line in the game, but I wish her ult would go

*Fire away!*
My number 1 favorite skin in the game even.
Cyberian with golden weapon is meta change my mind
Basic = Bad as far as legendaries go
    That makes sense.
How did you manage to save all that through the Anniversary event?!? I mean, EVERYTHING was purchasable!
    If you have 150k creds, it's because you've already got everything.
Well to make you feel better, I still think Pink is much better than Atlanta solely because Atlanta still have yellow wings, like why Blizzard? Does it take that much effort to make a colour change? Or do you simply don't care at all?
    But that hair. Honestly it's the most detailed hair in the game. Really unique whereas the other characters just have straight hair.
        I know, everything was so beautiful, until she started flying that was the biggest eyesore for a long while
            I feel the same with the nutcracker skin. Even the dragon skin had yellow wings. It's seriously not that hard to swap them I'd imagine since they do so with other skins and they have the tech for color swaps with the owl skins.
I've tried logging in but it never works for me with this new system
    Same. I’ve watched so many matches in their website while logged in, and I have a whopping 0 tokens
        Ditto here. Signed in, only one account, it says "Eligible for viewership rewards", adblocker disabled, no rewards.
        It works on the app. Kinda.
            Kinda working is better than not working I guess lol. I just downloaded it, hopefully I get something out of it
        Depends on where you're from. Some countries, like mine, are not eligible for the rewards. Kinda sad, my country has 10 million citizens, is literally in the middle of Europe, 3/4 of the neighbouring countries have it, but we don't
            Which country is that?
                Czech Republic
                    Ah damn I thought that since your username is in German you were talking about Switzerland and had generously rounded up the population...wanted to tell you that it works fine^^

That’s sad to hear.
                        Oh well.. I bought it for 5 euros, so it's not that big of a deal after all
            True. I’m in the US, so I really don’t know what’s going on. But damn that sucks! Maybe you could get a VPN?
            I live in Florida and it doesnt work lol
            I'm in France (a Country that is eligible for coins) and i still don't earn coins.
        I've noticed it loads a Flash applet before the site loads, I'm assuming that's how it counts and send data back. Maybe make sure you have Flash installed and updated.
        I watched it first in app and got the tokens, then I watched on the website (it even said I was logged in so I should get tokens) and got nothing. I watched it again on the app during the 13th and 14th and I received tokens so I’m gonna stick with the app
    clear your cookies.
    [deleted]
        Thanks for the tip. I'll give this a try. Apparently there is also an app that generally works.
    Works for me. I got a ton.
        Thanks
It hasn't worked for me at all, I'm on console if that makes any difference. My account is connected to my PS4 and I watch through overwatch league and have gotten nothing. It's a bummer because I never had a problem when they were on twitch.
    Use the mobile app. It works perfectly.
        I'll try that but I prefer to watch on my computer, watching on my old ass phone isn't ideal. Thanks for the suggestion though hopefully that works.
            You can watch on your computer and just let it run on your phone for the tokens. Just make sure you’re signed in on the app.
Nice, had no idea this was a thing.
    It's mostly youtube's fault for not having a system for drops yet, a lot of their promises for livestream changes this year haven't been fulfilled
you are literally my hero thank you
but the site says watch only on youtube and doesn't mention token drops at all
Not sure how this info is not even pinned yet. That's r/Overwatch for you.
Lucky you
Yeah, I feel the same way. I'm hoping that one day Blizzard figures out how to integrate video into their desktop client but with how little development we see in their games, that might never happen.
That's disgusting.
    Honestly at this point I feel like writing to Blizzard's legal department and asking them what law I need to get changed to make it possible. There's a huge OW following in my country, I feel like the support would be there.
Isn't it a meme that Sinatraa looks like an alien?
    yea it was literally the main meme in his chat in the 150k era
He designed it himself
    I didn't know that that's super cool! Doesn't change my opinion that the skin should visually reflect the OWL/Shock but i'm glad he got to have a hand in it.
        To be fair, jjonaks skin only referenced the fact that he has an octopus tattoo right?
            The name Jjonak means fumbling octopus. Thats why he's called the Octopus King and got the tattoo
            And his massive brain
                I'd give you gold if I wasn't lazy
                    The sentiment is all that matters:)
            The colors were NYXL's too.
                This one is the Shocks colours though.
                    I know that they've switched the colors up, but I would still say the Shock's defining color is orange.
            “The new Overwatch League MVP skin is based on Jjonak's favorite animal the octopus, his name stands for Jjomullak Nakji”, which means “fumbling octopus” and the pro even has a tattoo of one on his arm.” -Dexerto
            Yeah that's true. That one I feel is a really good balance between taking elements from the player, making a skin the community will like even if they don't follow the OWL, and still honoring the fact that it's an OWL skin through the colour scheme and prominent logo.
            You can also see the NYXL logo on Zen's clothing
        There already is a Doomfist skin to celebrate Shock as a whole winning the championship. This skin is meant to commemorate Sinatraa's MVP performance itself, and it's a long-running meme that he resembles an alien. Even his clothing line is extra-terrestrial themed.
            ...he has a clothing line??
    Did you watch the video? They revealed it to him, he asked for a Zarya skin and that’s it from what I understand, no specifications or whatever; creators were free to make the skin and reveal it to him once it was done
"Vague reference?" The suit is literally based on [Frank Sinatra's tuxedo](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000069/mediaviewer/rm2541524992). Don't see how "wearing the same suit as the player's moniker" is vague
    You know suits are famously generic? Like you can't say "this is based off a Frank Sinatra suit" when you could say any suit is based off another one if they're at least the same colour.
    Do you hear yourself speak? All of these tuxedo suits are the same. It’s not “Sinatra’s suit.” It’s a suit.
"Vague reference", as in, Sinatraa's nickname wearing the tux of Sinatraa's namesake. So vague only people who may have heard of him might get it. Jesus.
In addition to what people said, it also has the Grand Finals + MVP Trophies on the shoulder
The designers were implying it without outright saying it when they said, "Hollywood alien movie FBI kinda vibe".
    Lol yeah I was thinking that as well. Somebody in the legal department probably yelled at them "DON'T SAY MEN IN BLACK!" So he said "alien FBI" which is about as close as you can get to MIB without actually saying it.
        How to fly as demonstrations man
            I see tf2 reference, I upvote. Every. Time.
                Even better is a hybrid meme: How to fly as on-fire rodent trash man.
Ohhhh...I'd thought it was Frank Sinatra. Yours makes more sense
    They say in the article it was more a reference to Frank Sinatra, but yeah both.
    It can be both!
whats the connection with Sinatraa and MIB?
    It's also a reference to Frank Sinatra, which I think is why Sinatraa requested a suit
Okay, that makes way more sense now yeah.
It could also have been a reference to Frank Sinatra as he wore a lot of suits.
Still a bad execution imo. It would have been better without the reference.
It’s not tho. It’s a reference to Frank Sinatra. The alien thing is because his play is “out of this world”. Seriously. 

https://overwatchleague.com/en-us/news/23455709
[removed]
Yeah, they enabled token drops on youtube like what, 2 weeks ago i think?
    Not youtube, specifically the overwatch league website and their app (~~the app is bad, don't even try)~~ 

try it, seems like my phone might be bad
        For me the app is working perfectly fine. The website is broken tho.
    Showing my ignorance here but how do tokens work?
        Goto the site, log into your blizz account, watch the LIVE stream.

I think you get 5 league tokens for every 1 hour watched.

Spend league tokens in-game on the "Overwatch League" menu.
Screw you, man.
Goth zarya is dope. I use the red one all the time (mainly because I don't have cybergoth yet). I didn't even know people disliked those skins.
    Those two skins are considered by many to be the worst in the game.
        Well they're wrong, but each their own.
            Bunch of chavs still dislike goth.
> Butch Tracer

tf is butch tracer
    The stupid yellow one
        [This one?](https://gamepedia.cursecdn.com/overwatch_gamepedia/7/7a/Tracer_Skin_Lightning.png?version=ae97409a47df71a36332a055878c3c5a)  One advantage to this skin (and a few others) is her head silhouette is different than normal (hitbox should be unchanged, but I've never tested it).

I don't think that makes it worth using though.  I agree it looks stupid.
    Mohawk tracer im guessing
I'm definitely going to use this skin after seeing how much people seem to hate it.
It's a controversial skin for sure, but boy do I agree with you. I wasn't expecting to be _this_ impressed with the skin. Easily the best looking skin in the game atm.
    I don't like the look, but the gun is dope
    I think it’s her best skin by far and it’s not even close. I personally dislike all her skins except the plain purple one
[deleted]
    They're saying they personally would argue its one of the best. And then saying whether or not you like it or dislike it, its respectable that they took a huge swing.
I'm not really a fan of Zaryas skins and I'm tired of using Barbarian so I'll rock it, plus the gun looks really cool.
Jokes on you, I think this skin is rad and I will rock it with my golden weapon!
Exactly! It's so fucking cute. Her little nictating blink is amazing. The alien design goes more for adorable/faerie like, rather than gross and ugly. And the suit looks so dapper on her.
I think it's more these two concepts weren't executed into one cohesive look. The tux is such a large part of the model but there's not much that ties the alien head to the body
    This is why I don't like it. Both parts look great, but clash when put together.
Ashe gets all the good skins imo
Thanks!
Yeah every year they do 2 "All star" skins which are also 200 OWL tokens each.

Here are the previous all star skins, they all look sick imo 

https://i.imgur.com/l0e7XI1.png

https://bnetcmsus-a.akamaihd.net/cms/content_entry_media/q5/Q521KOB5JRCM1533925583743.jpg
that’s a hot take.
Not a fan of Cyberian, which is like a weird Iron Man rip-off, but Xianwu is GOAT for Zarya.
    Bruh Cyberian is a sharp pink robot that everyone hates because Jeffy K said everyone would love it and then it was weird.

Fuckin skin rules man. 

(I also sorta like this mvp skin because it is weird)

yes Xianwu is the best one
You just reminded me that I forgot to buy her Chinese New Year skin, ugh.
You just reminded me that I forgot to buy her Chinese New Year skin, ugh.
Love that a top pro quit citing 2-2-2 lock as a possible reason.
    idk about you guys but I love the 2-2-2. One less thing to worry about in the lottery that is comp. Just got back into the Overwatch after a 2 year break. 

It causes a lot less stress unlike back when you were about to leave spawn with 1 healer 4 dps and a tank. The game was practically thrown from the start as none of the DPS would swap and would blame each other for the team not working and being shit.
        The only thing I hate about 2-2-2 is that you can't swap roles with someone else. I loved being a flex player, being able to switch up what I was bringing to the team mid-game as needed. Can't do that anymore outside of QP Classic, and then you're usually dealing with your entire team wanting to be the DPS Death Squad.
            Well open queque is back at least for u
            Would be nice if they added an option in round to offer up your role in favor of another. But then youd have tanks and healers instantly asking for dps and getting mad nobody wants to swap them.
                Then there would potentially be SR discrepancies between the two teams...and could potentially be unfair
                    This. Most people don't think this far but it is exactly the reason why we can't have a role switch.

Also happy cake day!
        [deleted]
            2-2-2 is not the cause of this. Tank being unfun is the cause of this. It was the cause of the quad dps comps before too. And im a tank main.
                That and theres so much more variety in DPS than in Tank or Support. They should just revamp a few DPSs and drag them over to Tank and Support. Make Torb a Tank that can create jacked up armour for himself and others. Make Sym a Support that can create barriers, turrets and heal for some reason.

edit: Just thought of something, make Mei and Tank too. She already has Ice Wall to nullify damage and Cryo for self sustain. And Blizzard is an incredible CC move. You can easily tone down her damage and push up her HP and she's basically a Tank already
                    This. Idk why they wouldn't just do this... a lot of people have been requesting this as a solution to the scarcity of tank and support heroes for a while now.
                        I'm against this as a tank/support player because it means that unpopular heroes (ie the ones that are unique) get moved out of the DPS roles and so we set this standard where hybrid characters get reworked.

As a support, I want to be able to switch to Zen or Brig to help the DPS. As a DPS, I want to be able to swap to Mei and help the tanks control space.

 Blizzard needs to release more tanks/supports, not poach heroes away just because gold/silver players don't want to play  with/around Mei/Sym/Sombra/Bastion.

As soon as they start doing that, people are going to start looking at Hog/Zen/Brig/etc and say "they don't fit their roles, fix them!
                    Bring back scrap mechanics and sick armor pack tosses.
                    They literally made her a tank in Heroes of the Storm as well. There isn't really any reason shes in the dps role honestly with her kit.
                    They could also just copy what HotS is doing with Mei. They made her into a tank with some tweaks to her kit.
                    Make Bastion a tank tank.
                I love playing tank. Guess I'm an oddball
                    I like playing tanks, but I feel you don't get rewarded well enough for doing tanky things on a lot of them
                        Same. It’s not as rewarding as you would like.
Maybe additional SR points?
                    [removed]
                        It's not unique to overwatch tbf, that's just the nature of the game as a tank. You form the backbone of the team and are the first line of defense. You spend a lot of time babysitting or charging into danger, and youre a huge Target. With every other role you can kind of choose where you want to play but as a tank is inevitable that you'll end up in shits Creek and if your team isn't on your wavelength, it can make for a very frustrating experience.

I like playing tank anyway but it can be a lot sometimes. I wanna play DPS and actually get better at aiming and positioning but those queue times are way too long for the unpredictable gameplay experience of overwatch.
                    Yeah im a tank player too

*only plays zarya, ball, and roadhog*
                        Zarya can mitigate any amount of damage that hits in a single game tick while the bubble is up, including tire and dva bomb, and she can do it for herself and others, and it breaks line of sight abilities. She's the only thing that cleanses another person of anti heal, which is one of the most game deciding abilities... Im pretty sure she fits the tank role.
                I’ve never particularly understood tank being “unfun”. I enjoy it more than dps, although I do play the more fun tanks with hog, sigma, and Zarya as my mains.
            Role lock should've been the last thing they did after making tanks and healers as appealing to play as dps. It probably wouldn't even be needed after tbh.

The game was designed with hero swapping in mind. That's why most heroes have a hard counter.
            The new comp mode will be released soon though from what I’ve heard, there will be 222 comp as well as an open queue comp mode. I think that should satisfy everyone. Also having 222 in every OWL game is a bit boring I feel like some rounds should be played without it.
            I didn't even bother logging in to play OW as soon as I heard 222 lock. I'm a DPS only player, and there is just no way I am wasting my precious life queuing for several long minutes before I get the "opportunity" to play a video game.

Especially as, last time I checked, DPS were always the ones to be blamed. I cannot reasonably justify having to wait ages just to get the pleasure of being bullied by a team who will be AFKing 1 minute in. At least, that is what I would imagine the experience to be like 50% of the time (assuming 50% WR).

I still don't understand how anybody from the OW big brains thought this would be even remotely a good idea. Players, ok, they don't know what they truly want... But game designers? And they're getting paid for it? Jesus.
        Honestly 222 lock creates a lack of team flexibility. If your dps can’t combat against double shields you could have went 3 dps to shred them but now as a nom dps role you’re forced to just suffer your teams shortcomings. It hasn’t really solved anything in that regard. It may have fixed one problem but created an entirely different one. I never had much toxicity before 222 but after it people literally flame each other more.
            because you couldn’t flame your rein for feeding bc he would just play dps to punish you. now he can’t just swap to make your life hard so you can say whatever.
            This is my big problem with it.  Sure you don’t have 4 DPS but what does it matter if the 2 you do have aren’t doing their job?  Or if your supports are DPSing? Or if your tanks keep feeding?  You can only do so much in the other roles to help.  I miss the flexibility a lot.
        I feel like it's a really good thing for soloQ and in general playing with people you dont know. But as soon as you're in a full 6-stack it feels like it removes alot of the creativity that you had back in the day. I feel like they should have done their best to make it similar to League. Meaning 2-2-2 is great in 99% of situations but if you WANT to you can still try other tactics
        I would quit if they removed 2-2-2 without replacing it with a better system.

Main tanking with 5 dps is the fuckin worst.
    I can't imagine why. GOATS would probably even more dominant with Sigma.
        There was a match where Sinatraa was playing in the tank role as Zarya, but they had to switch up the team comp and he ended up on Reinhardt lol.
        Because not everyone likes being forced into a certain role regardless of the meta.
            I get it, but the openness is what allowed goats and shut down almost every other comp. That alone makes it's way more restrictive than 222. You can at least pick between several characters instead of 6 or 7 of the guys required for GOATS.
                The vast majority of players don’t follow the meta or can even run something like GOATS properly.  So it won’t be more restrictive for the majority of the player base, since you aren’t seeing those comps as much in lower ELO’s.  And when you do, it doesn’t mean anything if they don’t know how to run it.

As for the pros, Blizzwrd just took the lazy way out instead of balancing the heroes to avoid something like GOATS domination.
                    I was referring to OWL while I was making these arguments. For the every player, I personally prefer it. I'm no longer at the mercy of 4 dps mains who all want to play their favorite hitscan. In my mind, the quality of the game has gone up since 222. 

And while it's easy to say Blizz was lazy, how do you manage balancing 32 characters on over a dozen maps at a multitude of different skill levels? (For example, DotA has one map to balance for.) On top of that (until recently) characters are added several times a year. I don't believe it's reasonable to expect a perfect balance. Even with 222, a new barrier character is added and double barrier becomes the meta until the new character gets nerfed into an off tank position (Sigma.)

If it's not obvious, I mean no disrespect, i just disagree.
                        This is an inherent problem with games with a professional playerbase. They are essentially playing a different game than everyone else. If you balance around the pros the game for the average player in gold isn't balanced, and if you balance around the average player it creates problems in the professional level.
                Goats>Pre nerf widow>any other comp.

Just nerf widow to oblivion and revert other power creep patches and balance changes. because no one wants to die the first 2 seconds of spawn door opening.
                    Or just don’t have awful game sense. I’m really tired of bad players whining about widow. To be good at widow you ACTUALLY need to have very good mechanical skill. Once you get to higher ranks and you try to play widow, you can maybe get a few picks before the enemy swaps to entirely dive and you’re absolutely fucked, especially if you don’t get help from your team. Then, if you don’t swap you are flamed. If you can hit your shots you’re gonna get kills. But if their doom, genji, tracer, widow, monkey, dva, ball, lucio, pharah..... has any gamesense and mechanical ability, you can be shut down. Low ranks should not dictate the game. Professional level shouldn’t either.


The problem I have with this game, after being a CS player for literally 20 years now, is that the player base is way too diverse. It’s going to be impossible to balance a game for SUPER casual players and super competitive players. People play the game for different reasons, even if they enter the Comp mode. They wanna see skins or new heroes or fun looking things and emotes and what not. Whereas other people in the same game have their settings on lowest possible and are purely trying to win. It creates a giant problem that I don’t think any meta or role queue will fix.
    Not a pro, but 2-2-2 was definitely the reason I quit myself. I enjoyed all 3 roles, and now find none fun, while one takes 10-15 queue. 

I still check the subreddit since I have one friend who plays and wants me to join once in a while. 


But it definitely took a lot of the fun. 


Non 2-2-2 compositions were not an issue for me in comp.
    Well, forced roll lock is cancer and killed my enjoyment of the game.
        [deleted]
            Its not the power of healers which is a turn off, but their playstyle. Ana was the first and last real complex healer that required mechanical mastery as well. Baptiste came out, but not nearly as satisfying as Ana. And then the rest got simplified to the point of not appealing in their playstyles.


Shields tanks are the biggest barrier to player enjoyment of the role as well. Zarya, Hammond, are cool tanks. And then you have to play horse or rectangle man? no thanks.
        There’s always QPC where you can still earn achievements. Imagine my surprise earning one as Baptiste (pixel) and another (cute) for Moira.
> Not a good look

Neither is the skin
Man in Black
    Men*
        It’s just the one man actually.
            The Greater Good.
                A BIG BUSHY BEARD!
                    Narp?
                        CRUSTY JUGGLERS
                SHUT IT!
    Is it related to Sinatraa's IGN somehow or just something he likes a lot?
        alien skin bc people say that he looks like an alien.
            Yeah y'all not seeing that the skin looks exactly like him? Haha they like fuck you wanna leave the league here's your skin you alien ass lookin mf
        Sinatraa is most likely referencing [Frank Sinatra](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Sinatra)  the famous singer and part of the [Rat Pack](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rat_Pack) .

 [Men in Black](https://m.imdb.com/title/tt0119654/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_3) is a movie starring Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. Unless I’m mistaken , there’s no connection between the 2.

Edit: added links
            Yeah I always thought about Frank Sinatra when I saw his IGN (but never assumed it was because of the singer, it could have another menaing), and to be honest ever since he won MVP I thought about a Zarya skin wearing a tux because of that. Now I'm just very curious about the allien/MIB part. As far as I remember, Jjonak's skin was made based on what he wanted it to look like, also because of the meaning of his IGN. This video doesn't talk about this at all.
                I used to watch his streams/lots of OW streams back in the day and there was just a meme of sorts going around that Sinatraa looked like an alien. It was a pretty well known joke within the Twitch OW community, I’m 100% positive the alien is a reference to this
                    I see. Thanks for the info!
                Honestly I have no clue what other reference Sinatraa could refer to but I wouldn’t rule out something else.
            Sinatra used his (oft ill gotten) funds to finance a lot of movies in his day.

It's very possible that one of the studios or producers involved in making Men In Black would not have been in the position to make the movie were it not for an earlier seemingly unrelated action by Sinatra.

Butterfly effect can do some crazy shit y'know.
                Haha yeah that’s some deep cut stuff that I’d have no knowledge of so there’s a possibility of some connection. I’m also not certain that there isn’t a reference to Sinatra in the movie. It’s been a while.

There’s a joke about Sinatra dealing with some men in black regularly somewhere that I don’t have the ability to think of.
                    Yeah if there's any connection at all it'll be like... Sinatra helped get a movie made which was the thing that started the career of the person who later went on to hire the person who greenlit MiB.
    The reference is to frank Sinatra, not men in black
    Russian in Black
    ...fled across the desert, and The Gunslinger followed.
According to the OWL post the suit is because of Frank Sinatra. The alien because Sinatraa’s play is “out of this world”.

[Source on Frank Sinatra reference](https://overwatchleague.com/en-us/news/23455709).
    If you followed Sinatraa or early pro OW, you’d know Sinatraa being an alien was a meme and a constant copypasta whenever he played.

📞👽 HELLO? SINATRAA (SPECIMEN #3457) 📞👽HOW IS YOUR MISSION GOING? 📞👽 IS EARTH PREPARED FOR THE LANDING OF THE MOTHERSHIP? 📞👽


👽 📞 HELLO SINATRAA 👽 📞 PLANET A92-E HERE 👽 📞 PLEASE RETURN TO US 👽 📞


if SINATRAA👽and my girl👧😍 both drowning 😱 👋 and I can only save one😤😬Catch me at the enemy spawn door🚪🔴 with my boy on tracer 🌈🕰
Men in Black is well over two decades old. Goddamn.
    The comics the movies were based on are 3 decades old.
        ~~The true story the comics were based on are 5 decades old~~

Edit: Nothing to see here please look into this red light
Hate to break to you 90s baby we some old mfs now! Lol
BAAAAAWB, PROBE SOMETHIN!
    Hey I think I’ve seen this one.
        With Hulk and Black Widow, right?
    \*high-intensity ranged probing commences*
I want this skin really badly now
The snake one too, I love how it coils around in her gun.
It’s okay I guess. I’m really particular about skins... lol
I love that the gun looks like a workout bench
    Ohhh, that's what they were going for. Well I feel like a dummy. Looking at it now, the inspiration is pretty obvious. That is pretty cool actually.
Workout is the only good Zarya skin. Not just for the awesome color scheme and clothing, but because it shows how S W O L E she is.
I like her Work Out one
I think her barb skin and her winter skin are pretty rad
Agreed
That makes sense.
If you have 150k creds, it's because you've already got everything.
But that hair. Honestly it's the most detailed hair in the game. Really unique whereas the other characters just have straight hair.
    I know, everything was so beautiful, until she started flying that was the biggest eyesore for a long while
        I feel the same with the nutcracker skin. Even the dragon skin had yellow wings. It's seriously not that hard to swap them I'd imagine since they do so with other skins and they have the tech for color swaps with the owl skins.
Same. I’ve watched so many matches in their website while logged in, and I have a whopping 0 tokens
    Ditto here. Signed in, only one account, it says "Eligible for viewership rewards", adblocker disabled, no rewards.
    It works on the app. Kinda.
        Kinda working is better than not working I guess lol. I just downloaded it, hopefully I get something out of it
    Depends on where you're from. Some countries, like mine, are not eligible for the rewards. Kinda sad, my country has 10 million citizens, is literally in the middle of Europe, 3/4 of the neighbouring countries have it, but we don't
        Which country is that?
            Czech Republic
                Ah damn I thought that since your username is in German you were talking about Switzerland and had generously rounded up the population...wanted to tell you that it works fine^^

That’s sad to hear.
                    Oh well.. I bought it for 5 euros, so it's not that big of a deal after all
        True. I’m in the US, so I really don’t know what’s going on. But damn that sucks! Maybe you could get a VPN?
        I live in Florida and it doesnt work lol
        I'm in France (a Country that is eligible for coins) and i still don't earn coins.
    I've noticed it loads a Flash applet before the site loads, I'm assuming that's how it counts and send data back. Maybe make sure you have Flash installed and updated.
    I watched it first in app and got the tokens, then I watched on the website (it even said I was logged in so I should get tokens) and got nothing. I watched it again on the app during the 13th and 14th and I received tokens so I’m gonna stick with the app
clear your cookies.
[deleted]
    Thanks for the tip. I'll give this a try. Apparently there is also an app that generally works.
Works for me. I got a ton.
    Thanks
Use the mobile app. It works perfectly.
    I'll try that but I prefer to watch on my computer, watching on my old ass phone isn't ideal. Thanks for the suggestion though hopefully that works.
        You can watch on your computer and just let it run on your phone for the tokens. Just make sure you’re signed in on the app.
It's mostly youtube's fault for not having a system for drops yet, a lot of their promises for livestream changes this year haven't been fulfilled
Honestly at this point I feel like writing to Blizzard's legal department and asking them what law I need to get changed to make it possible. There's a huge OW following in my country, I feel like the support would be there.
yea it was literally the main meme in his chat in the 150k era
I didn't know that that's super cool! Doesn't change my opinion that the skin should visually reflect the OWL/Shock but i'm glad he got to have a hand in it.
    To be fair, jjonaks skin only referenced the fact that he has an octopus tattoo right?
        The name Jjonak means fumbling octopus. Thats why he's called the Octopus King and got the tattoo
        And his massive brain
            I'd give you gold if I wasn't lazy
                The sentiment is all that matters:)
        The colors were NYXL's too.
            This one is the Shocks colours though.
                I know that they've switched the colors up, but I would still say the Shock's defining color is orange.
        “The new Overwatch League MVP skin is based on Jjonak's favorite animal the octopus, his name stands for Jjomullak Nakji”, which means “fumbling octopus” and the pro even has a tattoo of one on his arm.” -Dexerto
        Yeah that's true. That one I feel is a really good balance between taking elements from the player, making a skin the community will like even if they don't follow the OWL, and still honoring the fact that it's an OWL skin through the colour scheme and prominent logo.
        You can also see the NYXL logo on Zen's clothing
    There already is a Doomfist skin to celebrate Shock as a whole winning the championship. This skin is meant to commemorate Sinatraa's MVP performance itself, and it's a long-running meme that he resembles an alien. Even his clothing line is extra-terrestrial themed.
        ...he has a clothing line??
Did you watch the video? They revealed it to him, he asked for a Zarya skin and that’s it from what I understand, no specifications or whatever; creators were free to make the skin and reveal it to him once it was done
You know suits are famously generic? Like you can't say "this is based off a Frank Sinatra suit" when you could say any suit is based off another one if they're at least the same colour.
Do you hear yourself speak? All of these tuxedo suits are the same. It’s not “Sinatra’s suit.” It’s a suit.
Lol yeah I was thinking that as well. Somebody in the legal department probably yelled at them "DON'T SAY MEN IN BLACK!" So he said "alien FBI" which is about as close as you can get to MIB without actually saying it.
    How to fly as demonstrations man
        I see tf2 reference, I upvote. Every. Time.
            Even better is a hybrid meme: How to fly as on-fire rodent trash man.
They say in the article it was more a reference to Frank Sinatra, but yeah both.
It can be both!
It's also a reference to Frank Sinatra, which I think is why Sinatraa requested a suit
Not youtube, specifically the overwatch league website and their app (~~the app is bad, don't even try)~~ 

try it, seems like my phone might be bad
    For me the app is working perfectly fine. The website is broken tho.
Showing my ignorance here but how do tokens work?
    Goto the site, log into your blizz account, watch the LIVE stream.

I think you get 5 league tokens for every 1 hour watched.

Spend league tokens in-game on the "Overwatch League" menu.
Those two skins are considered by many to be the worst in the game.
    Well they're wrong, but each their own.
        Bunch of chavs still dislike goth.
The stupid yellow one
    [This one?](https://gamepedia.cursecdn.com/overwatch_gamepedia/7/7a/Tracer_Skin_Lightning.png?version=ae97409a47df71a36332a055878c3c5a)  One advantage to this skin (and a few others) is her head silhouette is different than normal (hitbox should be unchanged, but I've never tested it).

I don't think that makes it worth using though.  I agree it looks stupid.
Mohawk tracer im guessing
I don't like the look, but the gun is dope
I think it’s her best skin by far and it’s not even close. I personally dislike all her skins except the plain purple one
They're saying they personally would argue its one of the best. And then saying whether or not you like it or dislike it, its respectable that they took a huge swing.
This is why I don't like it. Both parts look great, but clash when put together.
Bruh Cyberian is a sharp pink robot that everyone hates because Jeffy K said everyone would love it and then it was weird.

Fuckin skin rules man. 

(I also sorta like this mvp skin because it is weird)

yes Xianwu is the best one
idk about you guys but I love the 2-2-2. One less thing to worry about in the lottery that is comp. Just got back into the Overwatch after a 2 year break. 

It causes a lot less stress unlike back when you were about to leave spawn with 1 healer 4 dps and a tank. The game was practically thrown from the start as none of the DPS would swap and would blame each other for the team not working and being shit.
    The only thing I hate about 2-2-2 is that you can't swap roles with someone else. I loved being a flex player, being able to switch up what I was bringing to the team mid-game as needed. Can't do that anymore outside of QP Classic, and then you're usually dealing with your entire team wanting to be the DPS Death Squad.
        Well open queque is back at least for u
        Would be nice if they added an option in round to offer up your role in favor of another. But then youd have tanks and healers instantly asking for dps and getting mad nobody wants to swap them.
            Then there would potentially be SR discrepancies between the two teams...and could potentially be unfair
                This. Most people don't think this far but it is exactly the reason why we can't have a role switch.

Also happy cake day!
    [deleted]
        2-2-2 is not the cause of this. Tank being unfun is the cause of this. It was the cause of the quad dps comps before too. And im a tank main.
            That and theres so much more variety in DPS than in Tank or Support. They should just revamp a few DPSs and drag them over to Tank and Support. Make Torb a Tank that can create jacked up armour for himself and others. Make Sym a Support that can create barriers, turrets and heal for some reason.

edit: Just thought of something, make Mei and Tank too. She already has Ice Wall to nullify damage and Cryo for self sustain. And Blizzard is an incredible CC move. You can easily tone down her damage and push up her HP and she's basically a Tank already
                This. Idk why they wouldn't just do this... a lot of people have been requesting this as a solution to the scarcity of tank and support heroes for a while now.
                    I'm against this as a tank/support player because it means that unpopular heroes (ie the ones that are unique) get moved out of the DPS roles and so we set this standard where hybrid characters get reworked.

As a support, I want to be able to switch to Zen or Brig to help the DPS. As a DPS, I want to be able to swap to Mei and help the tanks control space.

 Blizzard needs to release more tanks/supports, not poach heroes away just because gold/silver players don't want to play  with/around Mei/Sym/Sombra/Bastion.

As soon as they start doing that, people are going to start looking at Hog/Zen/Brig/etc and say "they don't fit their roles, fix them!
                Bring back scrap mechanics and sick armor pack tosses.
                They literally made her a tank in Heroes of the Storm as well. There isn't really any reason shes in the dps role honestly with her kit.
                They could also just copy what HotS is doing with Mei. They made her into a tank with some tweaks to her kit.
                Make Bastion a tank tank.
            I love playing tank. Guess I'm an oddball
                I like playing tanks, but I feel you don't get rewarded well enough for doing tanky things on a lot of them
                    Same. It’s not as rewarding as you would like.
Maybe additional SR points?
                [removed]
                    It's not unique to overwatch tbf, that's just the nature of the game as a tank. You form the backbone of the team and are the first line of defense. You spend a lot of time babysitting or charging into danger, and youre a huge Target. With every other role you can kind of choose where you want to play but as a tank is inevitable that you'll end up in shits Creek and if your team isn't on your wavelength, it can make for a very frustrating experience.

I like playing tank anyway but it can be a lot sometimes. I wanna play DPS and actually get better at aiming and positioning but those queue times are way too long for the unpredictable gameplay experience of overwatch.
                Yeah im a tank player too

*only plays zarya, ball, and roadhog*
                    Zarya can mitigate any amount of damage that hits in a single game tick while the bubble is up, including tire and dva bomb, and she can do it for herself and others, and it breaks line of sight abilities. She's the only thing that cleanses another person of anti heal, which is one of the most game deciding abilities... Im pretty sure she fits the tank role.
            I’ve never particularly understood tank being “unfun”. I enjoy it more than dps, although I do play the more fun tanks with hog, sigma, and Zarya as my mains.
        Role lock should've been the last thing they did after making tanks and healers as appealing to play as dps. It probably wouldn't even be needed after tbh.

The game was designed with hero swapping in mind. That's why most heroes have a hard counter.
        The new comp mode will be released soon though from what I’ve heard, there will be 222 comp as well as an open queue comp mode. I think that should satisfy everyone. Also having 222 in every OWL game is a bit boring I feel like some rounds should be played without it.
        I didn't even bother logging in to play OW as soon as I heard 222 lock. I'm a DPS only player, and there is just no way I am wasting my precious life queuing for several long minutes before I get the "opportunity" to play a video game.

Especially as, last time I checked, DPS were always the ones to be blamed. I cannot reasonably justify having to wait ages just to get the pleasure of being bullied by a team who will be AFKing 1 minute in. At least, that is what I would imagine the experience to be like 50% of the time (assuming 50% WR).

I still don't understand how anybody from the OW big brains thought this would be even remotely a good idea. Players, ok, they don't know what they truly want... But game designers? And they're getting paid for it? Jesus.
    Honestly 222 lock creates a lack of team flexibility. If your dps can’t combat against double shields you could have went 3 dps to shred them but now as a nom dps role you’re forced to just suffer your teams shortcomings. It hasn’t really solved anything in that regard. It may have fixed one problem but created an entirely different one. I never had much toxicity before 222 but after it people literally flame each other more.
        because you couldn’t flame your rein for feeding bc he would just play dps to punish you. now he can’t just swap to make your life hard so you can say whatever.
        This is my big problem with it.  Sure you don’t have 4 DPS but what does it matter if the 2 you do have aren’t doing their job?  Or if your supports are DPSing? Or if your tanks keep feeding?  You can only do so much in the other roles to help.  I miss the flexibility a lot.
    I feel like it's a really good thing for soloQ and in general playing with people you dont know. But as soon as you're in a full 6-stack it feels like it removes alot of the creativity that you had back in the day. I feel like they should have done their best to make it similar to League. Meaning 2-2-2 is great in 99% of situations but if you WANT to you can still try other tactics
    I would quit if they removed 2-2-2 without replacing it with a better system.

Main tanking with 5 dps is the fuckin worst.
I can't imagine why. GOATS would probably even more dominant with Sigma.
    There was a match where Sinatraa was playing in the tank role as Zarya, but they had to switch up the team comp and he ended up on Reinhardt lol.
    Because not everyone likes being forced into a certain role regardless of the meta.
        I get it, but the openness is what allowed goats and shut down almost every other comp. That alone makes it's way more restrictive than 222. You can at least pick between several characters instead of 6 or 7 of the guys required for GOATS.
            The vast majority of players don’t follow the meta or can even run something like GOATS properly.  So it won’t be more restrictive for the majority of the player base, since you aren’t seeing those comps as much in lower ELO’s.  And when you do, it doesn’t mean anything if they don’t know how to run it.

As for the pros, Blizzwrd just took the lazy way out instead of balancing the heroes to avoid something like GOATS domination.
                I was referring to OWL while I was making these arguments. For the every player, I personally prefer it. I'm no longer at the mercy of 4 dps mains who all want to play their favorite hitscan. In my mind, the quality of the game has gone up since 222. 

And while it's easy to say Blizz was lazy, how do you manage balancing 32 characters on over a dozen maps at a multitude of different skill levels? (For example, DotA has one map to balance for.) On top of that (until recently) characters are added several times a year. I don't believe it's reasonable to expect a perfect balance. Even with 222, a new barrier character is added and double barrier becomes the meta until the new character gets nerfed into an off tank position (Sigma.)

If it's not obvious, I mean no disrespect, i just disagree.
                    This is an inherent problem with games with a professional playerbase. They are essentially playing a different game than everyone else. If you balance around the pros the game for the average player in gold isn't balanced, and if you balance around the average player it creates problems in the professional level.
            Goats>Pre nerf widow>any other comp.

Just nerf widow to oblivion and revert other power creep patches and balance changes. because no one wants to die the first 2 seconds of spawn door opening.
                Or just don’t have awful game sense. I’m really tired of bad players whining about widow. To be good at widow you ACTUALLY need to have very good mechanical skill. Once you get to higher ranks and you try to play widow, you can maybe get a few picks before the enemy swaps to entirely dive and you’re absolutely fucked, especially if you don’t get help from your team. Then, if you don’t swap you are flamed. If you can hit your shots you’re gonna get kills. But if their doom, genji, tracer, widow, monkey, dva, ball, lucio, pharah..... has any gamesense and mechanical ability, you can be shut down. Low ranks should not dictate the game. Professional level shouldn’t either.


The problem I have with this game, after being a CS player for literally 20 years now, is that the player base is way too diverse. It’s going to be impossible to balance a game for SUPER casual players and super competitive players. People play the game for different reasons, even if they enter the Comp mode. They wanna see skins or new heroes or fun looking things and emotes and what not. Whereas other people in the same game have their settings on lowest possible and are purely trying to win. It creates a giant problem that I don’t think any meta or role queue will fix.
Not a pro, but 2-2-2 was definitely the reason I quit myself. I enjoyed all 3 roles, and now find none fun, while one takes 10-15 queue. 

I still check the subreddit since I have one friend who plays and wants me to join once in a while. 


But it definitely took a lot of the fun. 


Non 2-2-2 compositions were not an issue for me in comp.
Well, forced roll lock is cancer and killed my enjoyment of the game.
    [deleted]
        Its not the power of healers which is a turn off, but their playstyle. Ana was the first and last real complex healer that required mechanical mastery as well. Baptiste came out, but not nearly as satisfying as Ana. And then the rest got simplified to the point of not appealing in their playstyles.


Shields tanks are the biggest barrier to player enjoyment of the role as well. Zarya, Hammond, are cool tanks. And then you have to play horse or rectangle man? no thanks.
    There’s always QPC where you can still earn achievements. Imagine my surprise earning one as Baptiste (pixel) and another (cute) for Moira.
Men*
    It’s just the one man actually.
        The Greater Good.
            A BIG BUSHY BEARD!
                Narp?
                    CRUSTY JUGGLERS
            SHUT IT!
Is it related to Sinatraa's IGN somehow or just something he likes a lot?
    alien skin bc people say that he looks like an alien.
        Yeah y'all not seeing that the skin looks exactly like him? Haha they like fuck you wanna leave the league here's your skin you alien ass lookin mf
    Sinatraa is most likely referencing [Frank Sinatra](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Sinatra)  the famous singer and part of the [Rat Pack](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rat_Pack) .

 [Men in Black](https://m.imdb.com/title/tt0119654/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_3) is a movie starring Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. Unless I’m mistaken , there’s no connection between the 2.

Edit: added links
        Yeah I always thought about Frank Sinatra when I saw his IGN (but never assumed it was because of the singer, it could have another menaing), and to be honest ever since he won MVP I thought about a Zarya skin wearing a tux because of that. Now I'm just very curious about the allien/MIB part. As far as I remember, Jjonak's skin was made based on what he wanted it to look like, also because of the meaning of his IGN. This video doesn't talk about this at all.
            I used to watch his streams/lots of OW streams back in the day and there was just a meme of sorts going around that Sinatraa looked like an alien. It was a pretty well known joke within the Twitch OW community, I’m 100% positive the alien is a reference to this
                I see. Thanks for the info!
            Honestly I have no clue what other reference Sinatraa could refer to but I wouldn’t rule out something else.
        Sinatra used his (oft ill gotten) funds to finance a lot of movies in his day.

It's very possible that one of the studios or producers involved in making Men In Black would not have been in the position to make the movie were it not for an earlier seemingly unrelated action by Sinatra.

Butterfly effect can do some crazy shit y'know.
            Haha yeah that’s some deep cut stuff that I’d have no knowledge of so there’s a possibility of some connection. I’m also not certain that there isn’t a reference to Sinatra in the movie. It’s been a while.

There’s a joke about Sinatra dealing with some men in black regularly somewhere that I don’t have the ability to think of.
                Yeah if there's any connection at all it'll be like... Sinatra helped get a movie made which was the thing that started the career of the person who later went on to hire the person who greenlit MiB.
The reference is to frank Sinatra, not men in black
Russian in Black
...fled across the desert, and The Gunslinger followed.
If you followed Sinatraa or early pro OW, you’d know Sinatraa being an alien was a meme and a constant copypasta whenever he played.

📞👽 HELLO? SINATRAA (SPECIMEN #3457) 📞👽HOW IS YOUR MISSION GOING? 📞👽 IS EARTH PREPARED FOR THE LANDING OF THE MOTHERSHIP? 📞👽


👽 📞 HELLO SINATRAA 👽 📞 PLANET A92-E HERE 👽 📞 PLEASE RETURN TO US 👽 📞


if SINATRAA👽and my girl👧😍 both drowning 😱 👋 and I can only save one😤😬Catch me at the enemy spawn door🚪🔴 with my boy on tracer 🌈🕰
The comics the movies were based on are 3 decades old.
    ~~The true story the comics were based on are 5 decades old~~

Edit: Nothing to see here please look into this red light
Hey I think I’ve seen this one.
    With Hulk and Black Widow, right?
\*high-intensity ranged probing commences*
Ohhh, that's what they were going for. Well I feel like a dummy. Looking at it now, the inspiration is pretty obvious. That is pretty cool actually.
I know, everything was so beautiful, until she started flying that was the biggest eyesore for a long while
    I feel the same with the nutcracker skin. Even the dragon skin had yellow wings. It's seriously not that hard to swap them I'd imagine since they do so with other skins and they have the tech for color swaps with the owl skins.
Ditto here. Signed in, only one account, it says "Eligible for viewership rewards", adblocker disabled, no rewards.
It works on the app. Kinda.
    Kinda working is better than not working I guess lol. I just downloaded it, hopefully I get something out of it
Depends on where you're from. Some countries, like mine, are not eligible for the rewards. Kinda sad, my country has 10 million citizens, is literally in the middle of Europe, 3/4 of the neighbouring countries have it, but we don't
    Which country is that?
        Czech Republic
            Ah damn I thought that since your username is in German you were talking about Switzerland and had generously rounded up the population...wanted to tell you that it works fine^^

That’s sad to hear.
                Oh well.. I bought it for 5 euros, so it's not that big of a deal after all
    True. I’m in the US, so I really don’t know what’s going on. But damn that sucks! Maybe you could get a VPN?
    I live in Florida and it doesnt work lol
    I'm in France (a Country that is eligible for coins) and i still don't earn coins.
I've noticed it loads a Flash applet before the site loads, I'm assuming that's how it counts and send data back. Maybe make sure you have Flash installed and updated.
I watched it first in app and got the tokens, then I watched on the website (it even said I was logged in so I should get tokens) and got nothing. I watched it again on the app during the 13th and 14th and I received tokens so I’m gonna stick with the app
Thanks for the tip. I'll give this a try. Apparently there is also an app that generally works.
Thanks
I'll try that but I prefer to watch on my computer, watching on my old ass phone isn't ideal. Thanks for the suggestion though hopefully that works.
    You can watch on your computer and just let it run on your phone for the tokens. Just make sure you’re signed in on the app.
To be fair, jjonaks skin only referenced the fact that he has an octopus tattoo right?
    The name Jjonak means fumbling octopus. Thats why he's called the Octopus King and got the tattoo
    And his massive brain
        I'd give you gold if I wasn't lazy
            The sentiment is all that matters:)
    The colors were NYXL's too.
        This one is the Shocks colours though.
            I know that they've switched the colors up, but I would still say the Shock's defining color is orange.
    “The new Overwatch League MVP skin is based on Jjonak's favorite animal the octopus, his name stands for Jjomullak Nakji”, which means “fumbling octopus” and the pro even has a tattoo of one on his arm.” -Dexerto
    Yeah that's true. That one I feel is a really good balance between taking elements from the player, making a skin the community will like even if they don't follow the OWL, and still honoring the fact that it's an OWL skin through the colour scheme and prominent logo.
    You can also see the NYXL logo on Zen's clothing
There already is a Doomfist skin to celebrate Shock as a whole winning the championship. This skin is meant to commemorate Sinatraa's MVP performance itself, and it's a long-running meme that he resembles an alien. Even his clothing line is extra-terrestrial themed.
    ...he has a clothing line??
How to fly as demonstrations man
    I see tf2 reference, I upvote. Every. Time.
        Even better is a hybrid meme: How to fly as on-fire rodent trash man.
For me the app is working perfectly fine. The website is broken tho.
Goto the site, log into your blizz account, watch the LIVE stream.

I think you get 5 league tokens for every 1 hour watched.

Spend league tokens in-game on the "Overwatch League" menu.
Well they're wrong, but each their own.
    Bunch of chavs still dislike goth.
[This one?](https://gamepedia.cursecdn.com/overwatch_gamepedia/7/7a/Tracer_Skin_Lightning.png?version=ae97409a47df71a36332a055878c3c5a)  One advantage to this skin (and a few others) is her head silhouette is different than normal (hitbox should be unchanged, but I've never tested it).

I don't think that makes it worth using though.  I agree it looks stupid.
The only thing I hate about 2-2-2 is that you can't swap roles with someone else. I loved being a flex player, being able to switch up what I was bringing to the team mid-game as needed. Can't do that anymore outside of QP Classic, and then you're usually dealing with your entire team wanting to be the DPS Death Squad.
    Well open queque is back at least for u
    Would be nice if they added an option in round to offer up your role in favor of another. But then youd have tanks and healers instantly asking for dps and getting mad nobody wants to swap them.
        Then there would potentially be SR discrepancies between the two teams...and could potentially be unfair
            This. Most people don't think this far but it is exactly the reason why we can't have a role switch.

Also happy cake day!
[deleted]
    2-2-2 is not the cause of this. Tank being unfun is the cause of this. It was the cause of the quad dps comps before too. And im a tank main.
        That and theres so much more variety in DPS than in Tank or Support. They should just revamp a few DPSs and drag them over to Tank and Support. Make Torb a Tank that can create jacked up armour for himself and others. Make Sym a Support that can create barriers, turrets and heal for some reason.

edit: Just thought of something, make Mei and Tank too. She already has Ice Wall to nullify damage and Cryo for self sustain. And Blizzard is an incredible CC move. You can easily tone down her damage and push up her HP and she's basically a Tank already
            This. Idk why they wouldn't just do this... a lot of people have been requesting this as a solution to the scarcity of tank and support heroes for a while now.
                I'm against this as a tank/support player because it means that unpopular heroes (ie the ones that are unique) get moved out of the DPS roles and so we set this standard where hybrid characters get reworked.

As a support, I want to be able to switch to Zen or Brig to help the DPS. As a DPS, I want to be able to swap to Mei and help the tanks control space.

 Blizzard needs to release more tanks/supports, not poach heroes away just because gold/silver players don't want to play  with/around Mei/Sym/Sombra/Bastion.

As soon as they start doing that, people are going to start looking at Hog/Zen/Brig/etc and say "they don't fit their roles, fix them!
            Bring back scrap mechanics and sick armor pack tosses.
            They literally made her a tank in Heroes of the Storm as well. There isn't really any reason shes in the dps role honestly with her kit.
            They could also just copy what HotS is doing with Mei. They made her into a tank with some tweaks to her kit.
            Make Bastion a tank tank.
        I love playing tank. Guess I'm an oddball
            I like playing tanks, but I feel you don't get rewarded well enough for doing tanky things on a lot of them
                Same. It’s not as rewarding as you would like.
Maybe additional SR points?
            [removed]
                It's not unique to overwatch tbf, that's just the nature of the game as a tank. You form the backbone of the team and are the first line of defense. You spend a lot of time babysitting or charging into danger, and youre a huge Target. With every other role you can kind of choose where you want to play but as a tank is inevitable that you'll end up in shits Creek and if your team isn't on your wavelength, it can make for a very frustrating experience.

I like playing tank anyway but it can be a lot sometimes. I wanna play DPS and actually get better at aiming and positioning but those queue times are way too long for the unpredictable gameplay experience of overwatch.
            Yeah im a tank player too

*only plays zarya, ball, and roadhog*
                Zarya can mitigate any amount of damage that hits in a single game tick while the bubble is up, including tire and dva bomb, and she can do it for herself and others, and it breaks line of sight abilities. She's the only thing that cleanses another person of anti heal, which is one of the most game deciding abilities... Im pretty sure she fits the tank role.
        I’ve never particularly understood tank being “unfun”. I enjoy it more than dps, although I do play the more fun tanks with hog, sigma, and Zarya as my mains.
    Role lock should've been the last thing they did after making tanks and healers as appealing to play as dps. It probably wouldn't even be needed after tbh.

The game was designed with hero swapping in mind. That's why most heroes have a hard counter.
    The new comp mode will be released soon though from what I’ve heard, there will be 222 comp as well as an open queue comp mode. I think that should satisfy everyone. Also having 222 in every OWL game is a bit boring I feel like some rounds should be played without it.
    I didn't even bother logging in to play OW as soon as I heard 222 lock. I'm a DPS only player, and there is just no way I am wasting my precious life queuing for several long minutes before I get the "opportunity" to play a video game.

Especially as, last time I checked, DPS were always the ones to be blamed. I cannot reasonably justify having to wait ages just to get the pleasure of being bullied by a team who will be AFKing 1 minute in. At least, that is what I would imagine the experience to be like 50% of the time (assuming 50% WR).

I still don't understand how anybody from the OW big brains thought this would be even remotely a good idea. Players, ok, they don't know what they truly want... But game designers? And they're getting paid for it? Jesus.
Honestly 222 lock creates a lack of team flexibility. If your dps can’t combat against double shields you could have went 3 dps to shred them but now as a nom dps role you’re forced to just suffer your teams shortcomings. It hasn’t really solved anything in that regard. It may have fixed one problem but created an entirely different one. I never had much toxicity before 222 but after it people literally flame each other more.
    because you couldn’t flame your rein for feeding bc he would just play dps to punish you. now he can’t just swap to make your life hard so you can say whatever.
    This is my big problem with it.  Sure you don’t have 4 DPS but what does it matter if the 2 you do have aren’t doing their job?  Or if your supports are DPSing? Or if your tanks keep feeding?  You can only do so much in the other roles to help.  I miss the flexibility a lot.
I feel like it's a really good thing for soloQ and in general playing with people you dont know. But as soon as you're in a full 6-stack it feels like it removes alot of the creativity that you had back in the day. I feel like they should have done their best to make it similar to League. Meaning 2-2-2 is great in 99% of situations but if you WANT to you can still try other tactics
I would quit if they removed 2-2-2 without replacing it with a better system.

Main tanking with 5 dps is the fuckin worst.
There was a match where Sinatraa was playing in the tank role as Zarya, but they had to switch up the team comp and he ended up on Reinhardt lol.
Because not everyone likes being forced into a certain role regardless of the meta.
    I get it, but the openness is what allowed goats and shut down almost every other comp. That alone makes it's way more restrictive than 222. You can at least pick between several characters instead of 6 or 7 of the guys required for GOATS.
        The vast majority of players don’t follow the meta or can even run something like GOATS properly.  So it won’t be more restrictive for the majority of the player base, since you aren’t seeing those comps as much in lower ELO’s.  And when you do, it doesn’t mean anything if they don’t know how to run it.

As for the pros, Blizzwrd just took the lazy way out instead of balancing the heroes to avoid something like GOATS domination.
            I was referring to OWL while I was making these arguments. For the every player, I personally prefer it. I'm no longer at the mercy of 4 dps mains who all want to play their favorite hitscan. In my mind, the quality of the game has gone up since 222. 

And while it's easy to say Blizz was lazy, how do you manage balancing 32 characters on over a dozen maps at a multitude of different skill levels? (For example, DotA has one map to balance for.) On top of that (until recently) characters are added several times a year. I don't believe it's reasonable to expect a perfect balance. Even with 222, a new barrier character is added and double barrier becomes the meta until the new character gets nerfed into an off tank position (Sigma.)

If it's not obvious, I mean no disrespect, i just disagree.
                This is an inherent problem with games with a professional playerbase. They are essentially playing a different game than everyone else. If you balance around the pros the game for the average player in gold isn't balanced, and if you balance around the average player it creates problems in the professional level.
        Goats>Pre nerf widow>any other comp.

Just nerf widow to oblivion and revert other power creep patches and balance changes. because no one wants to die the first 2 seconds of spawn door opening.
            Or just don’t have awful game sense. I’m really tired of bad players whining about widow. To be good at widow you ACTUALLY need to have very good mechanical skill. Once you get to higher ranks and you try to play widow, you can maybe get a few picks before the enemy swaps to entirely dive and you’re absolutely fucked, especially if you don’t get help from your team. Then, if you don’t swap you are flamed. If you can hit your shots you’re gonna get kills. But if their doom, genji, tracer, widow, monkey, dva, ball, lucio, pharah..... has any gamesense and mechanical ability, you can be shut down. Low ranks should not dictate the game. Professional level shouldn’t either.


The problem I have with this game, after being a CS player for literally 20 years now, is that the player base is way too diverse. It’s going to be impossible to balance a game for SUPER casual players and super competitive players. People play the game for different reasons, even if they enter the Comp mode. They wanna see skins or new heroes or fun looking things and emotes and what not. Whereas other people in the same game have their settings on lowest possible and are purely trying to win. It creates a giant problem that I don’t think any meta or role queue will fix.
[deleted]
    Its not the power of healers which is a turn off, but their playstyle. Ana was the first and last real complex healer that required mechanical mastery as well. Baptiste came out, but not nearly as satisfying as Ana. And then the rest got simplified to the point of not appealing in their playstyles.


Shields tanks are the biggest barrier to player enjoyment of the role as well. Zarya, Hammond, are cool tanks. And then you have to play horse or rectangle man? no thanks.
There’s always QPC where you can still earn achievements. Imagine my surprise earning one as Baptiste (pixel) and another (cute) for Moira.
It’s just the one man actually.
    The Greater Good.
        A BIG BUSHY BEARD!
            Narp?
                CRUSTY JUGGLERS
        SHUT IT!
alien skin bc people say that he looks like an alien.
    Yeah y'all not seeing that the skin looks exactly like him? Haha they like fuck you wanna leave the league here's your skin you alien ass lookin mf
Sinatraa is most likely referencing [Frank Sinatra](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Sinatra)  the famous singer and part of the [Rat Pack](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rat_Pack) .

 [Men in Black](https://m.imdb.com/title/tt0119654/?ref_=nv_sr_srsg_3) is a movie starring Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. Unless I’m mistaken , there’s no connection between the 2.

Edit: added links
    Yeah I always thought about Frank Sinatra when I saw his IGN (but never assumed it was because of the singer, it could have another menaing), and to be honest ever since he won MVP I thought about a Zarya skin wearing a tux because of that. Now I'm just very curious about the allien/MIB part. As far as I remember, Jjonak's skin was made based on what he wanted it to look like, also because of the meaning of his IGN. This video doesn't talk about this at all.
        I used to watch his streams/lots of OW streams back in the day and there was just a meme of sorts going around that Sinatraa looked like an alien. It was a pretty well known joke within the Twitch OW community, I’m 100% positive the alien is a reference to this
            I see. Thanks for the info!
        Honestly I have no clue what other reference Sinatraa could refer to but I wouldn’t rule out something else.
    Sinatra used his (oft ill gotten) funds to finance a lot of movies in his day.

It's very possible that one of the studios or producers involved in making Men In Black would not have been in the position to make the movie were it not for an earlier seemingly unrelated action by Sinatra.

Butterfly effect can do some crazy shit y'know.
        Haha yeah that’s some deep cut stuff that I’d have no knowledge of so there’s a possibility of some connection. I’m also not certain that there isn’t a reference to Sinatra in the movie. It’s been a while.

There’s a joke about Sinatra dealing with some men in black regularly somewhere that I don’t have the ability to think of.
            Yeah if there's any connection at all it'll be like... Sinatra helped get a movie made which was the thing that started the career of the person who later went on to hire the person who greenlit MiB.
~~The true story the comics were based on are 5 decades old~~

Edit: Nothing to see here please look into this red light
With Hulk and Black Widow, right?
I feel the same with the nutcracker skin. Even the dragon skin had yellow wings. It's seriously not that hard to swap them I'd imagine since they do so with other skins and they have the tech for color swaps with the owl skins.
Kinda working is better than not working I guess lol. I just downloaded it, hopefully I get something out of it
Which country is that?
    Czech Republic
        Ah damn I thought that since your username is in German you were talking about Switzerland and had generously rounded up the population...wanted to tell you that it works fine^^

That’s sad to hear.
            Oh well.. I bought it for 5 euros, so it's not that big of a deal after all
True. I’m in the US, so I really don’t know what’s going on. But damn that sucks! Maybe you could get a VPN?
I live in Florida and it doesnt work lol
I'm in France (a Country that is eligible for coins) and i still don't earn coins.
You can watch on your computer and just let it run on your phone for the tokens. Just make sure you’re signed in on the app.
The name Jjonak means fumbling octopus. Thats why he's called the Octopus King and got the tattoo
And his massive brain
    I'd give you gold if I wasn't lazy
        The sentiment is all that matters:)
The colors were NYXL's too.
    This one is the Shocks colours though.
        I know that they've switched the colors up, but I would still say the Shock's defining color is orange.
“The new Overwatch League MVP skin is based on Jjonak's favorite animal the octopus, his name stands for Jjomullak Nakji”, which means “fumbling octopus” and the pro even has a tattoo of one on his arm.” -Dexerto
Yeah that's true. That one I feel is a really good balance between taking elements from the player, making a skin the community will like even if they don't follow the OWL, and still honoring the fact that it's an OWL skin through the colour scheme and prominent logo.
You can also see the NYXL logo on Zen's clothing
...he has a clothing line??
I see tf2 reference, I upvote. Every. Time.
    Even better is a hybrid meme: How to fly as on-fire rodent trash man.
Bunch of chavs still dislike goth.
Well open queque is back at least for u
Would be nice if they added an option in round to offer up your role in favor of another. But then youd have tanks and healers instantly asking for dps and getting mad nobody wants to swap them.
    Then there would potentially be SR discrepancies between the two teams...and could potentially be unfair
        This. Most people don't think this far but it is exactly the reason why we can't have a role switch.

Also happy cake day!
2-2-2 is not the cause of this. Tank being unfun is the cause of this. It was the cause of the quad dps comps before too. And im a tank main.
    That and theres so much more variety in DPS than in Tank or Support. They should just revamp a few DPSs and drag them over to Tank and Support. Make Torb a Tank that can create jacked up armour for himself and others. Make Sym a Support that can create barriers, turrets and heal for some reason.

edit: Just thought of something, make Mei and Tank too. She already has Ice Wall to nullify damage and Cryo for self sustain. And Blizzard is an incredible CC move. You can easily tone down her damage and push up her HP and she's basically a Tank already
        This. Idk why they wouldn't just do this... a lot of people have been requesting this as a solution to the scarcity of tank and support heroes for a while now.
            I'm against this as a tank/support player because it means that unpopular heroes (ie the ones that are unique) get moved out of the DPS roles and so we set this standard where hybrid characters get reworked.

As a support, I want to be able to switch to Zen or Brig to help the DPS. As a DPS, I want to be able to swap to Mei and help the tanks control space.

 Blizzard needs to release more tanks/supports, not poach heroes away just because gold/silver players don't want to play  with/around Mei/Sym/Sombra/Bastion.

As soon as they start doing that, people are going to start looking at Hog/Zen/Brig/etc and say "they don't fit their roles, fix them!
        Bring back scrap mechanics and sick armor pack tosses.
        They literally made her a tank in Heroes of the Storm as well. There isn't really any reason shes in the dps role honestly with her kit.
        They could also just copy what HotS is doing with Mei. They made her into a tank with some tweaks to her kit.
        Make Bastion a tank tank.
    I love playing tank. Guess I'm an oddball
        I like playing tanks, but I feel you don't get rewarded well enough for doing tanky things on a lot of them
            Same. It’s not as rewarding as you would like.
Maybe additional SR points?
        [removed]
            It's not unique to overwatch tbf, that's just the nature of the game as a tank. You form the backbone of the team and are the first line of defense. You spend a lot of time babysitting or charging into danger, and youre a huge Target. With every other role you can kind of choose where you want to play but as a tank is inevitable that you'll end up in shits Creek and if your team isn't on your wavelength, it can make for a very frustrating experience.

I like playing tank anyway but it can be a lot sometimes. I wanna play DPS and actually get better at aiming and positioning but those queue times are way too long for the unpredictable gameplay experience of overwatch.
        Yeah im a tank player too

*only plays zarya, ball, and roadhog*
            Zarya can mitigate any amount of damage that hits in a single game tick while the bubble is up, including tire and dva bomb, and she can do it for herself and others, and it breaks line of sight abilities. She's the only thing that cleanses another person of anti heal, which is one of the most game deciding abilities... Im pretty sure she fits the tank role.
    I’ve never particularly understood tank being “unfun”. I enjoy it more than dps, although I do play the more fun tanks with hog, sigma, and Zarya as my mains.
Role lock should've been the last thing they did after making tanks and healers as appealing to play as dps. It probably wouldn't even be needed after tbh.

The game was designed with hero swapping in mind. That's why most heroes have a hard counter.
The new comp mode will be released soon though from what I’ve heard, there will be 222 comp as well as an open queue comp mode. I think that should satisfy everyone. Also having 222 in every OWL game is a bit boring I feel like some rounds should be played without it.
I didn't even bother logging in to play OW as soon as I heard 222 lock. I'm a DPS only player, and there is just no way I am wasting my precious life queuing for several long minutes before I get the "opportunity" to play a video game.

Especially as, last time I checked, DPS were always the ones to be blamed. I cannot reasonably justify having to wait ages just to get the pleasure of being bullied by a team who will be AFKing 1 minute in. At least, that is what I would imagine the experience to be like 50% of the time (assuming 50% WR).

I still don't understand how anybody from the OW big brains thought this would be even remotely a good idea. Players, ok, they don't know what they truly want... But game designers? And they're getting paid for it? Jesus.
because you couldn’t flame your rein for feeding bc he would just play dps to punish you. now he can’t just swap to make your life hard so you can say whatever.
This is my big problem with it.  Sure you don’t have 4 DPS but what does it matter if the 2 you do have aren’t doing their job?  Or if your supports are DPSing? Or if your tanks keep feeding?  You can only do so much in the other roles to help.  I miss the flexibility a lot.
I get it, but the openness is what allowed goats and shut down almost every other comp. That alone makes it's way more restrictive than 222. You can at least pick between several characters instead of 6 or 7 of the guys required for GOATS.
    The vast majority of players don’t follow the meta or can even run something like GOATS properly.  So it won’t be more restrictive for the majority of the player base, since you aren’t seeing those comps as much in lower ELO’s.  And when you do, it doesn’t mean anything if they don’t know how to run it.

As for the pros, Blizzwrd just took the lazy way out instead of balancing the heroes to avoid something like GOATS domination.
        I was referring to OWL while I was making these arguments. For the every player, I personally prefer it. I'm no longer at the mercy of 4 dps mains who all want to play their favorite hitscan. In my mind, the quality of the game has gone up since 222. 

And while it's easy to say Blizz was lazy, how do you manage balancing 32 characters on over a dozen maps at a multitude of different skill levels? (For example, DotA has one map to balance for.) On top of that (until recently) characters are added several times a year. I don't believe it's reasonable to expect a perfect balance. Even with 222, a new barrier character is added and double barrier becomes the meta until the new character gets nerfed into an off tank position (Sigma.)

If it's not obvious, I mean no disrespect, i just disagree.
            This is an inherent problem with games with a professional playerbase. They are essentially playing a different game than everyone else. If you balance around the pros the game for the average player in gold isn't balanced, and if you balance around the average player it creates problems in the professional level.
    Goats>Pre nerf widow>any other comp.

Just nerf widow to oblivion and revert other power creep patches and balance changes. because no one wants to die the first 2 seconds of spawn door opening.
        Or just don’t have awful game sense. I’m really tired of bad players whining about widow. To be good at widow you ACTUALLY need to have very good mechanical skill. Once you get to higher ranks and you try to play widow, you can maybe get a few picks before the enemy swaps to entirely dive and you’re absolutely fucked, especially if you don’t get help from your team. Then, if you don’t swap you are flamed. If you can hit your shots you’re gonna get kills. But if their doom, genji, tracer, widow, monkey, dva, ball, lucio, pharah..... has any gamesense and mechanical ability, you can be shut down. Low ranks should not dictate the game. Professional level shouldn’t either.


The problem I have with this game, after being a CS player for literally 20 years now, is that the player base is way too diverse. It’s going to be impossible to balance a game for SUPER casual players and super competitive players. People play the game for different reasons, even if they enter the Comp mode. They wanna see skins or new heroes or fun looking things and emotes and what not. Whereas other people in the same game have their settings on lowest possible and are purely trying to win. It creates a giant problem that I don’t think any meta or role queue will fix.
Its not the power of healers which is a turn off, but their playstyle. Ana was the first and last real complex healer that required mechanical mastery as well. Baptiste came out, but not nearly as satisfying as Ana. And then the rest got simplified to the point of not appealing in their playstyles.


Shields tanks are the biggest barrier to player enjoyment of the role as well. Zarya, Hammond, are cool tanks. And then you have to play horse or rectangle man? no thanks.
The Greater Good.
    A BIG BUSHY BEARD!
        Narp?
            CRUSTY JUGGLERS
    SHUT IT!
Yeah y'all not seeing that the skin looks exactly like him? Haha they like fuck you wanna leave the league here's your skin you alien ass lookin mf
Yeah I always thought about Frank Sinatra when I saw his IGN (but never assumed it was because of the singer, it could have another menaing), and to be honest ever since he won MVP I thought about a Zarya skin wearing a tux because of that. Now I'm just very curious about the allien/MIB part. As far as I remember, Jjonak's skin was made based on what he wanted it to look like, also because of the meaning of his IGN. This video doesn't talk about this at all.
    I used to watch his streams/lots of OW streams back in the day and there was just a meme of sorts going around that Sinatraa looked like an alien. It was a pretty well known joke within the Twitch OW community, I’m 100% positive the alien is a reference to this
        I see. Thanks for the info!
    Honestly I have no clue what other reference Sinatraa could refer to but I wouldn’t rule out something else.
Sinatra used his (oft ill gotten) funds to finance a lot of movies in his day.

It's very possible that one of the studios or producers involved in making Men In Black would not have been in the position to make the movie were it not for an earlier seemingly unrelated action by Sinatra.

Butterfly effect can do some crazy shit y'know.
    Haha yeah that’s some deep cut stuff that I’d have no knowledge of so there’s a possibility of some connection. I’m also not certain that there isn’t a reference to Sinatra in the movie. It’s been a while.

There’s a joke about Sinatra dealing with some men in black regularly somewhere that I don’t have the ability to think of.
        Yeah if there's any connection at all it'll be like... Sinatra helped get a movie made which was the thing that started the career of the person who later went on to hire the person who greenlit MiB.
Czech Republic
    Ah damn I thought that since your username is in German you were talking about Switzerland and had generously rounded up the population...wanted to tell you that it works fine^^

That’s sad to hear.
        Oh well.. I bought it for 5 euros, so it's not that big of a deal after all
I'd give you gold if I wasn't lazy
    The sentiment is all that matters:)
This one is the Shocks colours though.
    I know that they've switched the colors up, but I would still say the Shock's defining color is orange.
Even better is a hybrid meme: How to fly as on-fire rodent trash man.
Then there would potentially be SR discrepancies between the two teams...and could potentially be unfair
    This. Most people don't think this far but it is exactly the reason why we can't have a role switch.

Also happy cake day!
That and theres so much more variety in DPS than in Tank or Support. They should just revamp a few DPSs and drag them over to Tank and Support. Make Torb a Tank that can create jacked up armour for himself and others. Make Sym a Support that can create barriers, turrets and heal for some reason.

edit: Just thought of something, make Mei and Tank too. She already has Ice Wall to nullify damage and Cryo for self sustain. And Blizzard is an incredible CC move. You can easily tone down her damage and push up her HP and she's basically a Tank already
    This. Idk why they wouldn't just do this... a lot of people have been requesting this as a solution to the scarcity of tank and support heroes for a while now.
        I'm against this as a tank/support player because it means that unpopular heroes (ie the ones that are unique) get moved out of the DPS roles and so we set this standard where hybrid characters get reworked.

As a support, I want to be able to switch to Zen or Brig to help the DPS. As a DPS, I want to be able to swap to Mei and help the tanks control space.

 Blizzard needs to release more tanks/supports, not poach heroes away just because gold/silver players don't want to play  with/around Mei/Sym/Sombra/Bastion.

As soon as they start doing that, people are going to start looking at Hog/Zen/Brig/etc and say "they don't fit their roles, fix them!
    Bring back scrap mechanics and sick armor pack tosses.
    They literally made her a tank in Heroes of the Storm as well. There isn't really any reason shes in the dps role honestly with her kit.
    They could also just copy what HotS is doing with Mei. They made her into a tank with some tweaks to her kit.
    Make Bastion a tank tank.
I love playing tank. Guess I'm an oddball
    I like playing tanks, but I feel you don't get rewarded well enough for doing tanky things on a lot of them
        Same. It’s not as rewarding as you would like.
Maybe additional SR points?
    [removed]
        It's not unique to overwatch tbf, that's just the nature of the game as a tank. You form the backbone of the team and are the first line of defense. You spend a lot of time babysitting or charging into danger, and youre a huge Target. With every other role you can kind of choose where you want to play but as a tank is inevitable that you'll end up in shits Creek and if your team isn't on your wavelength, it can make for a very frustrating experience.

I like playing tank anyway but it can be a lot sometimes. I wanna play DPS and actually get better at aiming and positioning but those queue times are way too long for the unpredictable gameplay experience of overwatch.
    Yeah im a tank player too

*only plays zarya, ball, and roadhog*
        Zarya can mitigate any amount of damage that hits in a single game tick while the bubble is up, including tire and dva bomb, and she can do it for herself and others, and it breaks line of sight abilities. She's the only thing that cleanses another person of anti heal, which is one of the most game deciding abilities... Im pretty sure she fits the tank role.
I’ve never particularly understood tank being “unfun”. I enjoy it more than dps, although I do play the more fun tanks with hog, sigma, and Zarya as my mains.
The vast majority of players don’t follow the meta or can even run something like GOATS properly.  So it won’t be more restrictive for the majority of the player base, since you aren’t seeing those comps as much in lower ELO’s.  And when you do, it doesn’t mean anything if they don’t know how to run it.

As for the pros, Blizzwrd just took the lazy way out instead of balancing the heroes to avoid something like GOATS domination.
    I was referring to OWL while I was making these arguments. For the every player, I personally prefer it. I'm no longer at the mercy of 4 dps mains who all want to play their favorite hitscan. In my mind, the quality of the game has gone up since 222. 

And while it's easy to say Blizz was lazy, how do you manage balancing 32 characters on over a dozen maps at a multitude of different skill levels? (For example, DotA has one map to balance for.) On top of that (until recently) characters are added several times a year. I don't believe it's reasonable to expect a perfect balance. Even with 222, a new barrier character is added and double barrier becomes the meta until the new character gets nerfed into an off tank position (Sigma.)

If it's not obvious, I mean no disrespect, i just disagree.
        This is an inherent problem with games with a professional playerbase. They are essentially playing a different game than everyone else. If you balance around the pros the game for the average player in gold isn't balanced, and if you balance around the average player it creates problems in the professional level.
Goats>Pre nerf widow>any other comp.

Just nerf widow to oblivion and revert other power creep patches and balance changes. because no one wants to die the first 2 seconds of spawn door opening.
    Or just don’t have awful game sense. I’m really tired of bad players whining about widow. To be good at widow you ACTUALLY need to have very good mechanical skill. Once you get to higher ranks and you try to play widow, you can maybe get a few picks before the enemy swaps to entirely dive and you’re absolutely fucked, especially if you don’t get help from your team. Then, if you don’t swap you are flamed. If you can hit your shots you’re gonna get kills. But if their doom, genji, tracer, widow, monkey, dva, ball, lucio, pharah..... has any gamesense and mechanical ability, you can be shut down. Low ranks should not dictate the game. Professional level shouldn’t either.


The problem I have with this game, after being a CS player for literally 20 years now, is that the player base is way too diverse. It’s going to be impossible to balance a game for SUPER casual players and super competitive players. People play the game for different reasons, even if they enter the Comp mode. They wanna see skins or new heroes or fun looking things and emotes and what not. Whereas other people in the same game have their settings on lowest possible and are purely trying to win. It creates a giant problem that I don’t think any meta or role queue will fix.
A BIG BUSHY BEARD!
    Narp?
        CRUSTY JUGGLERS
SHUT IT!
I used to watch his streams/lots of OW streams back in the day and there was just a meme of sorts going around that Sinatraa looked like an alien. It was a pretty well known joke within the Twitch OW community, I’m 100% positive the alien is a reference to this
    I see. Thanks for the info!
Honestly I have no clue what other reference Sinatraa could refer to but I wouldn’t rule out something else.
Haha yeah that’s some deep cut stuff that I’d have no knowledge of so there’s a possibility of some connection. I’m also not certain that there isn’t a reference to Sinatra in the movie. It’s been a while.

There’s a joke about Sinatra dealing with some men in black regularly somewhere that I don’t have the ability to think of.
    Yeah if there's any connection at all it'll be like... Sinatra helped get a movie made which was the thing that started the career of the person who later went on to hire the person who greenlit MiB.
Ah damn I thought that since your username is in German you were talking about Switzerland and had generously rounded up the population...wanted to tell you that it works fine^^

That’s sad to hear.
    Oh well.. I bought it for 5 euros, so it's not that big of a deal after all
The sentiment is all that matters:)
I know that they've switched the colors up, but I would still say the Shock's defining color is orange.
This. Most people don't think this far but it is exactly the reason why we can't have a role switch.

Also happy cake day!
This. Idk why they wouldn't just do this... a lot of people have been requesting this as a solution to the scarcity of tank and support heroes for a while now.
    I'm against this as a tank/support player because it means that unpopular heroes (ie the ones that are unique) get moved out of the DPS roles and so we set this standard where hybrid characters get reworked.

As a support, I want to be able to switch to Zen or Brig to help the DPS. As a DPS, I want to be able to swap to Mei and help the tanks control space.

 Blizzard needs to release more tanks/supports, not poach heroes away just because gold/silver players don't want to play  with/around Mei/Sym/Sombra/Bastion.

As soon as they start doing that, people are going to start looking at Hog/Zen/Brig/etc and say "they don't fit their roles, fix them!
Bring back scrap mechanics and sick armor pack tosses.
They literally made her a tank in Heroes of the Storm as well. There isn't really any reason shes in the dps role honestly with her kit.
They could also just copy what HotS is doing with Mei. They made her into a tank with some tweaks to her kit.
Make Bastion a tank tank.
I like playing tanks, but I feel you don't get rewarded well enough for doing tanky things on a lot of them
    Same. It’s not as rewarding as you would like.
Maybe additional SR points?
[removed]
    It's not unique to overwatch tbf, that's just the nature of the game as a tank. You form the backbone of the team and are the first line of defense. You spend a lot of time babysitting or charging into danger, and youre a huge Target. With every other role you can kind of choose where you want to play but as a tank is inevitable that you'll end up in shits Creek and if your team isn't on your wavelength, it can make for a very frustrating experience.

I like playing tank anyway but it can be a lot sometimes. I wanna play DPS and actually get better at aiming and positioning but those queue times are way too long for the unpredictable gameplay experience of overwatch.
Yeah im a tank player too

*only plays zarya, ball, and roadhog*
    Zarya can mitigate any amount of damage that hits in a single game tick while the bubble is up, including tire and dva bomb, and she can do it for herself and others, and it breaks line of sight abilities. She's the only thing that cleanses another person of anti heal, which is one of the most game deciding abilities... Im pretty sure she fits the tank role.
I was referring to OWL while I was making these arguments. For the every player, I personally prefer it. I'm no longer at the mercy of 4 dps mains who all want to play their favorite hitscan. In my mind, the quality of the game has gone up since 222. 

And while it's easy to say Blizz was lazy, how do you manage balancing 32 characters on over a dozen maps at a multitude of different skill levels? (For example, DotA has one map to balance for.) On top of that (until recently) characters are added several times a year. I don't believe it's reasonable to expect a perfect balance. Even with 222, a new barrier character is added and double barrier becomes the meta until the new character gets nerfed into an off tank position (Sigma.)

If it's not obvious, I mean no disrespect, i just disagree.
    This is an inherent problem with games with a professional playerbase. They are essentially playing a different game than everyone else. If you balance around the pros the game for the average player in gold isn't balanced, and if you balance around the average player it creates problems in the professional level.
Or just don’t have awful game sense. I’m really tired of bad players whining about widow. To be good at widow you ACTUALLY need to have very good mechanical skill. Once you get to higher ranks and you try to play widow, you can maybe get a few picks before the enemy swaps to entirely dive and you’re absolutely fucked, especially if you don’t get help from your team. Then, if you don’t swap you are flamed. If you can hit your shots you’re gonna get kills. But if their doom, genji, tracer, widow, monkey, dva, ball, lucio, pharah..... has any gamesense and mechanical ability, you can be shut down. Low ranks should not dictate the game. Professional level shouldn’t either.


The problem I have with this game, after being a CS player for literally 20 years now, is that the player base is way too diverse. It’s going to be impossible to balance a game for SUPER casual players and super competitive players. People play the game for different reasons, even if they enter the Comp mode. They wanna see skins or new heroes or fun looking things and emotes and what not. Whereas other people in the same game have their settings on lowest possible and are purely trying to win. It creates a giant problem that I don’t think any meta or role queue will fix.
Narp?
    CRUSTY JUGGLERS
I see. Thanks for the info!
Yeah if there's any connection at all it'll be like... Sinatra helped get a movie made which was the thing that started the career of the person who later went on to hire the person who greenlit MiB.
Oh well.. I bought it for 5 euros, so it's not that big of a deal after all
I'm against this as a tank/support player because it means that unpopular heroes (ie the ones that are unique) get moved out of the DPS roles and so we set this standard where hybrid characters get reworked.

As a support, I want to be able to switch to Zen or Brig to help the DPS. As a DPS, I want to be able to swap to Mei and help the tanks control space.

 Blizzard needs to release more tanks/supports, not poach heroes away just because gold/silver players don't want to play  with/around Mei/Sym/Sombra/Bastion.

As soon as they start doing that, people are going to start looking at Hog/Zen/Brig/etc and say "they don't fit their roles, fix them!
Same. It’s not as rewarding as you would like.
Maybe additional SR points?
It's not unique to overwatch tbf, that's just the nature of the game as a tank. You form the backbone of the team and are the first line of defense. You spend a lot of time babysitting or charging into danger, and youre a huge Target. With every other role you can kind of choose where you want to play but as a tank is inevitable that you'll end up in shits Creek and if your team isn't on your wavelength, it can make for a very frustrating experience.

I like playing tank anyway but it can be a lot sometimes. I wanna play DPS and actually get better at aiming and positioning but those queue times are way too long for the unpredictable gameplay experience of overwatch.
Zarya can mitigate any amount of damage that hits in a single game tick while the bubble is up, including tire and dva bomb, and she can do it for herself and others, and it breaks line of sight abilities. She's the only thing that cleanses another person of anti heal, which is one of the most game deciding abilities... Im pretty sure she fits the tank role.
This is an inherent problem with games with a professional playerbase. They are essentially playing a different game than everyone else. If you balance around the pros the game for the average player in gold isn't balanced, and if you balance around the average player it creates problems in the professional level.
CRUSTY JUGGLERS
