[[Not all heroes wear capes]]





Btw, if you're seeing this. [Your sacrifice will not be forgotten](https://i.imgur.com/frX6D8W.png)

Edit: For those wondering: It's Horizon
    Don't worry, [I saw it.](https://imgur.com/h9EzdNO)

Edit: Obligatory gold appreciation. Thank you, friend.
        You're a legend, I would give you gold if I had one to give :(
            Donate your money to a charity instead. Reddit gold doesn't do anything or help anyone.
                I'm hoping this was a reference to the breathtaking guy
                    Your Breathtaking... No you're breathtaking-Keanu Reeves
                    [deleted]
                        Damn go off


Edit: why spend time downvoting me and not opening up a Tab for a Cause?
                            [I already have](https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/) what's your excuse?
                                Oh yeah I went into your post history to see if you were a fan of something in particular and then I saw that post. From there I knew you at least felt earnestly about this.
                        Wut
                [deleted]
                    Why are you so angry? Had a bad day?
                        Your whole reddit comment history jus you being angry and having a bunch of bad days, man.
                            [deleted]
                                How did I prove your point little guy
                                    Lol, I'm getting middle school flashbacks from this thread
                        He needs healing.
                I’d like to think of Reddit awards as something along the lines of:

“Hey you helped me out with this” or “Hey I was entertained by this”, kind of like paying a bit for a person’s expertise or a snippet of a comedy or drama show. It’s like tipping a waiter or a delivery driver for providing good service. It makes the person feel good when receiving it.

Not to mention, it also helps Reddit run so that millions can be entertained by thousands upon thousands of fandoms and enthusiasts. It’s all a generally wholesome cycle. 

I really want you to reply, as I’m interested in hearing your side of this!
                    https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/

I understand your perspective and still disagree.

Reddit management is not providing a selfless product. They do not look out for your best interest. Unpaid volunteers have created these communities and tirelessly upkeep them. On multiple occasions, the administration has shown that they promote particular political agendas. They punish communities that don't appeal to advertisers. Donating money to wealthy executives promotes this toxic attitude.

When you buy Reddit awards, you are not buying it for the user who made your day a little brighter. That user gets nothing. Their browsing experience is unchanged. Their quality of life is unphased. It is **not** the same as tipping a waiter.

Want to show someone your appreciation while also promoting a happier planet? For the same amount of money you would have wasted on platinum, donate to a charity of your choosing. Send that user a picture of your receipt and inform them that their positive attitude has inspired you to make the world a better place.
                        Hey! I’m sorry I’m getting back so late, I saw this reply a while back and had to continue what I was  doing at the time and completely forgot about it. 

I just want to mention that I still stand by what I said, but I can see why you may be concerned. Firstly, I still believe that giving an award on here is similar to (but of course, not equivalent of) giving a tip. If you are gifted with a gold or platinum award, you receive “Reddit Premium” for a certain duration of time. Of course it’s not the best thing in the world, and yes it does mostly just help Reddit, but at least it’s something (which does mean that their browsing experiences aren’t unchanged). Additionally, I feel like you’re mostly flat-out wrong about the quality of life. When most people receive an award, they are grateful and receive a good feeling, as they recognize that they are being appreciated in some way. I know you have gotten awards, and I know that you dislike them, and I know why: it’s because of the negative context they come to you in. The awards you receive on your comments aren’t (from what I’ve seen) to show you how good or insightful your comment was, but rather to poke fun at you and create a sense of irony (as in awarding someone who dislikes the awarding system).

If you’re still truly upset with the amount of money going to Reddit through these awards, there’s another way to approach it. I’m assuming you’re familiar with the website Wikipedia, which hosts millions upon millions of facts and tidbits and information, all placed in articles. Well, Wikipedia accepts donations to keep themselves running. If enough people can’t donate to Wikipedia, they would be forced to shut their servers down. How different is that from Reddit? Of course, they do receive a lot of revenue from their advertisements, but is it wrong to support a platform that supports millions of people daily?

I also think you’re quite hypocritical. You see, you seem to want to make the world a “better place” and a “happier planet”. However, almost without fail, every one of your comments is negatively-spirited. No matter what the topic, no matter the severity of it, you just want to pick fights. That baffles me. If you really, *honestly* , wanted to make the world a better place, your kindness towards others may matter more than the five bucks you’re bragging about donating to charity.

Of course, giving your money to charity is a great thing to do. However, if you’re impressed with someone’s online content, they should reap at least some of the reward. It’s similar to saying to a cab driver, “Hey, that was a great ride, and to show you how much I appreciated it, I’ll give my money to someone else and then send you a picture of the receipt.” 

That’s all I’m gonna write for tonight. If you still have anything, please, just reply back to this! I’m finding this banter to be interesting.
                [deleted]
                    [deleted]
                        [deleted]
                    >that free website

just like how Facebook is "free"

It's cute you think their sole source of income is from reddit gold. Their marketing worked on you.
                        [Reddit was projected ](https://www.feedough.com/reddit-make-money-reddit-business-model/) to receive $1B [edit: -999M] from premium memberships in 2017. 

On one hand you are right that if all of these people donated their money the world would be a better place. 

On the other hand the point of this income stream for reddit is to supplement their money from ads. I would wager that without gold, Reddit would probably have to force email registration and go for more targeted ads.
                            That says $1M, not billion FYI
                                I know it doesn’t vindicate me fully but... 

Do we really need precision in the cents? 
Like come on... How could I have known ~besides for the decimal point~
                Edit: thanks for the gold!
                Lmao some kid who hasn't even been here a year thinks he's got reddit all figured out
                    The worst type of gatekeeping is when people assume that time = experience
                        Well in this case it does. Reddit used to have massive stability issues and funding it was a bit of a crisis. Many people don't have to deal with the ads because they use a 3rd party service. The only legitimate concern with gold is that it's one of the only excuses they have for not banning the orange subreddit, since they gild more than any other.
                Like, I know you're new but Reddit Gold *genuinely* saved this website back in the day. It doesn't do anything or help anyone except keep reddit going.  If you don't like reddit... why are you here?
                    That was true back in the day, but nowadays? They make so much ad revnue I don't think it genuinely matters.
        I love that what you did, quit to cancel the game, caused the kind of positivity that is otherwise never seen in the game.
        Absolute madlad
            Insanity is defined as the doing the same thing over and over again but expecting different things. This man broke the mold. He is the change we need.

Insanity? No, this man is the most sane of us. God speed, soldier.
        You're a good person.
        Legend. Nicely done.
        I'm not your friend, guy.
            Hi not your friend, guy., I'm dad.
    What map
        Looks like horizon to me
            Yeah I thought so too but wasn’t sure
                Yeah, Horizon
                    My first guess was Paris.
                        Anubis 2nd point is the only time I ever  mildly enjoy 2 cp.
                            Well are you mental??
                                He's terminal.
                            I like Volskaya solely because it's a good Doom map, and also first point Anubis (defending), but those are the only two exceptions. 2cp can suck my cock and balls
                                ^^I ^^think ^^Hanamura ^^is ^^quite ^^okay
                                    That's not okay to say
                                    Nah, Hanamura 1st point sucks to cap. 2nd is fun.
                            I think the appeal of 2CP changes with character preference. I don't know. I like it best, personally.
                                I don't have anything against 2cp either, but I love playing Orisa. So you're probably correct about character preference.
                                    Same, play a lot of Orisa. She plays best when you can bunker down.
                            This is too much too bear 🐻
                        Paris is by far the worst map imo
                            Havana would like a word..

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

also shouldn't the maps be getting better not worse
                                maps are getting worse

heroes are getting worse (either cancer like brig doom or basically not played like ashe)
                                    I don't mind Brigitte that much, and I see a decent bit of Ashe.  I absolutely resent Moira's kit design though.  Very unpleasant to play with AND against.  On your team, it feels as if she just DPSes while you beg for healing beside her until you die.  On the enemy team, so much unavoidable damage and impossible to 1v1 due to self-healing and escape.  Not overpowered, just incredibly anti-fun.  Worse than Mei IMO
                            I still think HLC is worse than Paris. Paris sucks, but not any worse than the other assault maps. Horizon is on another level of shittyness in my opinion.
                                I wonder why most people feel this way. Horizon used to be my favorite map in the game before the edits. Now, I still really like it (my favorite 2cp map for whatever that's worth), but definitely not my favorite anymore after the edits. Paris on the other hand is hot garbage. Terrible shitty map. Point b is garbage on that map. 

Why is horizon in particular so annoying to you and others?

P.S. I'm in the numbani club for favorite map
                                    I guess for me I’ve had both terrible and amazing experiences on every map, even horizon, but it seems more times then not I have a shitty experience on horizon. I think both points are annoying to attack, where as Paris I don’t think point A is so bad. I agree that Paris B is very annoying. If you don’t get a good snowball going after the first point there’s a good chance you won’t get B.

And I know I’m in the minority as far as Paris goes. I haven’t been playing comp nearly as much as I used to so I haven’t had as many bad experiences with Paris as with other maps.
                                    Every single time I play on Horizon, the moment we step out into the open it's just Bastion and hitscans annihilating us instantly.  So I try to flank them while my team cowers in the corridors on the left for 5 minutes until we lose

It's just the same thing every single time.  Immortal enemy bastion, we're sitting ducks in an open corridor, begging team to be aggressive with me instead of AFKing in fear till we lose.  Over and over and over again.
                            I actually love Paris, it's a great Sombra map
                    No wonder he wanted to leave
                    100% with you, hate this map so much. the changes didnt help at all.
            I realised after i  read the comments that i just automatically assumed it was horizon because of the grey,
            Doesn't look like anything to me.
            I havent played this game since moiras release(and since the torb and sym rework i really have no reason to either) and horison is still the same...
 Good to see
        My money is on HLC
            My dude what is your flair lol
                back when this individual played Overwatch Mercy could rez her entire team and the meta was 3 tank 2 support and probably Soldier or something
                    You hit the nail on the head.
                        I remember the days of whole team rezzes. My favorite time ever is still when the enemy mercy got off almost a full team rez so zarya gravved them and I nuked the grav.
                            To me it feels like it was just yesterday. Strange how OP it seems now a day. But it was a bad way to play, having mercy Bob around with her ult ready for the entire match until something happens.
                            Ah, the good ol' days of my team screaming "FIND THE MERCY" "KILL HER FIRST BEFORE SHE REZZEZ" "WHERE IS THEIR MERCY?"
                                its weird how much I miss that
                                    It was restrictive because is basically forced someone to play mercy, but helped to rally the team together. I miss it as well.
                                Or simply the requirement of having her on your team.
            Me too
    I like how horizon was the first thing to pop into my head. That map isn’t fun for anyone.
        2 CP is a good game mode that is fun for the whole family :)
    Unpopular opinion I actually like horizon
        I'm just coming back to OW after a break. I think I'd rather play on horizon than paris
            Yeah I kinda like Horizon after they updated it. Paris is awful. :(
                I'm pretty new to coming back as well. What did they update?
                    On the first point they made it easier to access high ground on defense and added some extra cover up there too. On second point they made the path from spawn to point longer to reduce endless stalling, and there’s some extra cover behind/above the point too.

They also added a bunch of nice visual improvements, there’s some greenery now and extra color which makes the map look less drab and more appealing. 

That’s all I can remember right now but I think they made some other minor improvements to the map design too.
                just the absolute worst
            Definitely. Horizon isn't nearly as awful as Paris imo. The moment we get to Paris or Busan, I'm already annoyed before the match even begins. 😫
                I love both those maps. Anubis, volskaya, hanamura, anything you basically need to teamkill the enemy team for, is awful. Objective maps, and also control points (lijiang, nepal) are ++.
            Here I am, loving both of these maps like a chump.
             Unpopular opinion I actually like Paris
                Same, tbh I don't really dislike any of the maps.
                    sounds like you just have loose standards
                        I guess?  But tbh I just don't hate any of the maps, I 'd sooner hate my teammates then the map tbh.
                            Yeah, same.
        i dont think it can be an opinion when its objectively wrong
            [deleted]
                \-------------the joke--------------->

&#x200B;

\*You\*
                    [deleted]
                        I'm with you. I've been seeing people use "objectively" incorrectly a lot lately just like "literally" started to get overused incorrectly. It drives me crazy lol
                            I only Ban one word from my twitch chat.  And it is "literally".
                                Literally only bans one word
                        it was pretty clearly a joke
                            [deleted]
                                LOL did you go through my post history for this

LOL mad
                    He's not the one to blame if your joke just sucks.
                        It's not mine, you know that?
        It's not that your opinion is wrong, it's that you're wrong that you hold said opinion. You actually think it's bad and are in denial.
        Unpopular opinion IMO Numbani is even less fun than Horizon.
        same i love playing defense on it
        Unpopular opinion: I really like 2CP and hate KOTH with a burning passion.
            Are there people that actually like KOTH cause I very much dislike it
        I wish more fighting went on outside the airlocks
        I really like it when the games go well, but it’s by far the worst map of your team refuses to work together. 2cp is generally shitty if your team won’t cooperate, but most of the other maps either force you all to go the same way or you can all get to the point doing your own thing. It’s ridiculously easy to pick off solo attackers on Horizon which is why it’s so common to get a tie there.
        I like it much more than Hanamura or Temple of Anubis.
        Same. If my team would flipping group up and not scatter, we could defend.
        I like the map it's a fun map I just hate playing on it lol, especially attack with a bad team
        It’s almost like we should be able to pick the maps we want to play on since everyone has different tastes. Some people enjoy 2CP, let them play it. Some people enjoy KOTH, let them play it.
            TF2 actually has that exact system in place. You can even choose what specific maps you want to play on, so if you want to just play one map for your entire session, you can!
                CS:GO does too, that’s why it’s insane that we have to keep playing these garbage maps.
        Horizon is my favorite 2CP map. But i hate every 2 CP map so...
            In my opinion Paris is the worst 2CP map
    Hey I'll play anything except blizworld
        I actually enjoy blizzard world. Curious as to why you hate it. Every map can't be a reskin of Kings Row but st least it's not 2CP with extra steps like Numbani
        I hate Rialto. And Route 66.

Edit: just, like, my opinion, man.
            You don't like Rialto, aka Hamster's Paradise?
            Rialto's pretty fun imo
    Of course it’s fucking Horizon.  They made a bad map worse when they changed it
    they can't change that map enough
    Damn I assumed it was Paris or Busan. I actually don’t mind horizon
    thats bs, leaving wont do shit. i have got the same map after queuing -_- even waiting a few minutes. YOU THOUGHT YOU CAN GET AWAY
    I hate busan. That map just makes me not want to play overwatch
“can i get a vote on who actually wants to play this map”

OP: “THIS IS THE WORST FUCKING MAP IN THE GAME I-“

*sees other person just type “no”*

OP: “no”
    gaming com in a nutshell
        When your the only one who doesn’t get peer pressured into saying no
What map was it? Horizon?
    Looks that way.
    Figured it would be Paris, I actually don’t mind horizon
        Horizon I can tolerate, but I fucking LOATHE Paris.

There's something about that map that just doesn't appeal to me at all.
            That very first choke point... it's the bane of my 2200SR existence.
                One day I had a team that without chat moved as a fucking squad and we destroyed that first check point. 

Basically I as Brig. shielded that chokepoint just long enough for everyone to run left into the bakery, then team waited for shield and we ran to the next building on the left then up the balcony and stormed the point from the side like a damn swat team while half the enemy team was still at that choke point apparently thinking only one or two people made it past...

Frankly, I don't think we could have done it better if we had coms...
                    One day, as Lucio, I speed boosted at the choke and everyone ~~W~~-A-S-D'ed really fast and spent the next 80 years shooting from the choke trying to get a pick. Legend has it, all 5 of those team members are still there, shooting from the choke, hoping for a pick.

If you listen closely on the Paris map, you can hear the distant, haunted cries of "BARRIER BROKEN" and "I NEED HEALING". If you do hear it, that's those 5 players, eternally trapped at the choke, trying to get a pick.

I left after the match was over, but they didn't. Still there. To this day. Shooting from the choke.

True story.
                Play wrecking ball. They'll chase you, then your team can take choke for free while you kite them around.
                    Also works as Winston if you're like me and suck as Wrecking Ball.
                        Winston does work. Trickier though, because leap has long cooldown. Once you use it, you're nothing but an ult battery unless your team IMMEDIATELY follows up and covers you.
                            Jump on the platform, they shoot you, you drop down and bubble. Then your team should be through and you have jump back. 

&#x200B;

The problem with Paris is that strats like these only work when your team uses that window of opportunity. In gold people sit in the choke trying to break the Orisa shield
                        Hi me too lol
                    But that implies that my team will actually push, which they won’t at my low rank.
                        "I dont want to die so I'm not going to push"
                    Don't be telling too many people my strategy to attack first point Hanamura that for some reason works nearly every single time
                    I would play him if he weren't disabled
                The one strat that I find helps is if a Wreckingball swings up right before the choke and jumps the roof tops to the left. He can head right for the point. It forces the team away from the choke and it allows your team to push. 

I haven’t seen many expecting it.
                I usually play Hammond on attack and as soon as my team hits the choke, I go over the top left opening and then get behind the enemy team and boop them off the high ground. It's usually easy pickings from there because their team is separated and then you can just boop off the ones that pull back to the point.
                Go Hammond and boop them off high ground for an easy cap.
                It has so many angles of attack for Wrecking Ball, it’s my favorite in the game.
            I don't mind Paris too much because it's basically a mirrored Anubis with slight changes. That being said, Anubis is one of my least favorites.
                Holy fuck...I never realized it but now that I think about it that’s so true. Paris really is a mirrored Anubis. Goddamn you just fucked up my night
                    Holy fuck yeah, didn't notice it either, but I feel like Anubis is atleat Abit more fun as a torb you could place turrets up high, Paris you can't, it feels so flat
                        IKR??? Such a shit map I don’t understand how all of Blizzards level designers went “hmmm yes this is good Paris good very good level”
                    The first choke on Paris is way worse though. The central column in Anubis breaks LOS and you can go both left or right shortly after.

Paris is similar indeed, but you get shot at from the second you round the corner and keep getting shot up as you go into each direction. Police station is nearly always suicide, and left side around takes too long.
                Can't you say that about all 2cp?

First point is a choke.

Second point is 90 degrees the other way, and is a long forward stretch with some optional routes left and right.

Seems to fit horizon and volskaya too.
            At least Paris is pretty to look at.

They might as well make the whole Horizon zero gravity, at least it would be different.
                >because our new moon map is such a unique opportunity we added a unique surface-of-the-moon low G area

>which is a longer version of the route immediately adjacent to it, separates you from your team and offers close to nil defensive or offensive benefit

They could cut that section and it would still take the community a few weeks to notice
            Funny, I really don't like any 2cp maps, but I like Paris the most out of them
            Paris sucks asshole.
            Probably the french?
            Just run dive lawl
            Hanamura. Just screw this map. I know how to play around any map, but Hanamura? Fuck it.
            First point choke fucking sucks, terrible design. You can't design a choke point with high ground right in front of said choke without alternate routes. Going left still sucks because all the bunker comp has to do is shift ever so slightly to the right. Going right sucks cause they can just clog up the doorway. Second point isn't too bad in my experience.
            Same, just an overall boring map, i also don't really like the whole look of the map.
        I like Paris. But my favorite map rn is Havana (ooh na na)
            Someone was like "eW pOp MuSiC" when I said that once
                Lol really? Usually I get people reply with the same.
                Probably because it's trash
            [Ditto.](https://youtu.be/Nqc8lK92K7E)
            Waiting for the east Atlanta map
            Oh god, Havana is one of the worst maps in the game.
                That’s your opinion. No need to yuck my yum
                    Nah, not my opinion at all.
I was stating a well known fact.
                        Doubling down? Why
            How the fuck is that possible
                How is what
                    You enjoy Havana and Paris? How
                        Because they’re fun to play on. How do you like the things that you do? Because you find them fun.
        Horizon is actually my favorite 2cp, but, ya know...
        Paris was my immediate thought too
        Paris is my favorite map :( I fucking hate hanamura
    I love Horizon
        Modern horizons is pretty good
            You planeswalked into the wrong sub.
                Shit this isn’t Serra’s realm I’ve  been asleep for 3000 years and wanted to check up on her do you know how to get there?
                    Sure. Can you fit into the Weatherlights core?
        Not trying to troll you or anything but why?????
            Not who you asked but I'll take ***ANY*** 2CP map over KotH. ^((except I'll take Ilios over Paris))

The rework of the map really did fix a lot of it's more frustrating issues; it's biggest issues currently are the second point issues that plague EVERY 2CP map in the game (mainly the close defender spawns and the too-open-ness of them). First point has lots of corners to hide behind right next to it, allowing for a lot of jiggling that other 2CP maps lack (like the pillar in the back, most of the others are just kind of... boxes with four entrances on the faces and a skylight, whereas the entrances on Horizon are both taller, distributed differently, and the 'sky' entrance can be accessed by characters that normally can't, since flying is not required to reach it). It's also one of the few 2CP maps that feels like it's harder to get spawn-camped on attack (unlike Anubis or Volskaya, for example). You have plenty of options to work with and many characters are viable on it. You can play meta or cheese comps. 

I don't understand the hate for Horizon. It provides variety in your options, which can often lead to devolved/unclear fights, which I guess is the reason a lot of people don't like it?
                I think a lot of people hate it because it’s like the only 2cp map that favors offense. I will admit it’s better since it’s rework but it’s still my least favorite map
                    Fair enough I guess.
                ilios is the best map in the game and control maps > 2cp by far IMO
                    I hate KotH type stuff in any and every video game I've ever played, so I know it's just a personal preference, but I just can't stand them.

And you think Ilios is better than King's Row? Huh. Never heard that one before.
            Tbh I just tend to have fun on it, it's unique and I've had all kinds of great memories running all kinds of different strats
    Better than DVA's map
        The big wrong
        D.va’s map is the shit.
            Which map is Dva's map?
                Busan.
I love democracy
    Kill him!!!!!!
        Do it
            do it, do it, do it, do it, do it!
            Dew it*
        I vote we kill him.
    Modern problems require modern solutions
    I'm not sure i get a vote, but aye.
    So it's treason then.
    Then maybe we should give the dogs a vote as well
On one hand, I think there should be a map vote akin to Halo's. On the other, that would probably mean Horizon would have a 0.001% pick rate.  


A good trade, if you ask me.
    I'd rather play 10 Horizons than 1 Paris.
        fucking bunker comp every single fucking time on fucking paris. i have a strong hate for horizon but paris... that shit is a whole ‘nother shitshow.
            For Paris point A just run Symm + Lucio, take the right path out of spawn, use tele to move through choke (port to the left side of enemy high ground), then speed to point.

Set up sym turrets and make them come fight your team on point.

I've had about an 80% win rate with this strat, but only in Plat or lower.
                Going to the point generally wins 2CP more than choke-dancing for 4 minutes.
                I mean.. any situation becomes trivial to overcome if you have a coordinated team like that.
            Bunker every time is too real.
            I mean, it's the same reason you see bunker on point a of ~~Oasis~~ Anubis. It's really the only solid way to hold that choke since the map gives you the high ground.

The difference is there's no partial cover for attackers in Paris. No big health pack in the cafe, and no cover for flankers to actually flank the high ground. It's just a shittier version of ~~Oasis~~ Anubis, which is already a shitty point.

Edit: fixed a dumb
                Oasis? Do you mean Anubis? Oasis is a KOTH map
                    .... Shit. Yes.
            Try Wrecking Ball.  I haven't experienced any of the grief of anyone in this thread with Paris, and I've realized this is because I almost exclusively play Wrecking Ball and the map is fantastic for him.  So many fun areas to spiderman around, disrupt teams, get them chasing you, hook onto fixtures and statues and spin around for 20 seconds knocking anyone around you back, etc. etc.
            There are so many ways to break a bunker it's not too bad.
        I don't understand why Blizzard has such a hard-on for crazy tight chokes. Eichenwalde, Paris, Volskaya, etc, are just a slog on Attack.
            At least for Volskaya you have the truck as partial cover. Paris, Eichenwalde, etc, you have nothing. You lose. Good day sir
            Because it’s a lazy and easy way to make a guaranteed map obstacle that defenders can hold and attackers have to break
        [deleted]
            Really? I love some of the maps they've added.
                My favourite map is Blizzard World
            Big fan of Eichenwald and Oasis though (right?)
                I fuckin love Oasis though. It’s a great map for flankers.
            Blizzard World and Eichenwald are both solid maps. I think all hybrid maps are great though, and I feel like it's easily the best mode in the game. So liking those two maps could definitely come from liking the mode played on them.
            I have not heard a lot of hate about junkertown. One of the few maps I see where people actually use a lot of the alternate routes constantly through the map. Most heros appear to have windows to be successful.
                It used to get aggressively hated on but it’s died down as people have come to dislike newer maps
            Havana and Paris can go for me. Havana is just too long. Paris has the same problem original Eichenwalde had it has one door you can run through with no cover...shocked they diddnt learn a lesson from that
                Havana is too long? What the fuck does that even fuckin mean?
            Maybe you should stop playing the game.
        That's more indicative of how incredibly shit Paris is than how good Horizon is.
    It would be fair if mode was random but map was by vote. You’d see a more even pick rate I think.
    Might as well just delete 2cp from the game.
        Please do, I'm pretty sure nobody would actually be upset by that
        I'm fine with 2CP in general, I just hate Horizon in particular.
            *Paris has entered the chat*
            I haven't had a 2cp match in comp since the update, I'm curious to see if it's better.
                It’s not
                Lucky.
        Those are my favorite maps :(
    2cp is why we will never get this. Blizzard loves their 2cp
    A small price to pay for salvation
    If any maps really did have a 0.001% pick rate, it would be a pretty decent candidate for Blizzard to revisit the map design. Even if the map is perfectly balanced, if no one wants to play the damned thing that says something.

I have a feeling 2cp would never see the light of day again.
        Yeah someone mentioned that the mode should still be random, which I agree with. And I also agree that having an actual pick-rate could show harder data on what maps people dislike rather than basing redesigns on win rates and forum posts.
Yooooo, that was me. (I'll post proof later, since I gotta go to the hospital right now)

edit: proof - https://imgur.com/h9EzdNO
    Bless you for your sacrifice
    >  since I gotta go to the hospital right now

You alright?
        Nothing too bad, just a hairline fracture from spraining my ankle. Should be good in 2-6 weeks, but I gotta keep my foot in a boot for the mean time.
            So more OW is on the schedule xD
                Nah man, I actually uninstalled straight after I left. I got to Top 40 in like Season 11, and ever since then, the game hasn't been fun. I kept going back to it, but never got anything out of it. Sometimes I played with my friends on smurf accounts, like this one (since our SR was too different) , but alas, all good things have to come to an end.
                    I hear ya. When you keep lowering the skill floor so newbies can feel competitive, any game will start to die.
Why do I never get matched up with these epic people. It’s always idiots.
    I assume you're in gold?
        Bronze-Gold is a crapshoot.
            The crapshoot does go higher, it just diminishes somewhat.
                A bigger lie has never been told
            I climbed the ranks on my DPS account from bronze to low plat over 3-4 seasons (I main healers, high plat).

Bronze players just don't know what they are doing in the slightest, and most have garbage aim. Most of the players here are not toxic.

Silver players play for the fun of it, the vast majority are good people, good players, not mechanically gifted, and not super aware of what is going on.

Low gold, about the same as silver, but a little more toxic players and a bit better mechanically.

High gold: the scum of the earth. Over 100 games played at this level just this season alone, not even 100 SR difference. For every game you claw out a win, there are 2 games where people throw, are seriously toxic, will pick characters they don't know how to play for unknown reasons (tell me you have never seen a will-always-charge Rein). It's a shit show.
                Would explain my fall from 2300s to 2100s.
                    Yup, this season is the worse so far in gold, so much stupid play, so many throwers and griefers, and the games that don't have those are still so hard to win. I'm not really sure why, but with the replay now we can get a bit more info... If the damn keybinds freaking worked...
                        Knowing what my teammates did or failed to do doesn't really seem relevant to me, simply because I have no real control over what my teammate does.

I think my real concern is those who will use the replay system to seek a means of blaming/griefing someone. Rather than  learning how to play better.
                            Not so much about what they did wrong in that sense. More like what could I have done better, especially in situations where they did wrong.

Did I go in with the wrong guy because I got carried away? Should I have paid more attention to where half the team was going? Why was half the team not with us, etc.

For example I found out one of our nearly successful pushes failed because half the team turned around to fight Doomfist, so us tanks didn't have heals and while Rein had a good shatter, nobody was there to follow up. Naturally nobody fighting Doomy called that out...

I wished the replay system decided voice comms too. Rly wanted to see if I missed the call for Doom or if they didn't call it.

In either case, being more aware of what the team was up to would have saved us from wasting ults.
                Honestly, as someone who's climbed from 1645 to 2920, 2400-2600 is easily the most cancerous spot. I hit a wall at about 2900, but that's due to it being where I belong, I've fallen to the gold / plat border and it's honestly horrible trying to get to mid plat again. I quit comp this season, not worth it.
                    If it's hard for you in gold, you don't belong in plat.
                        I decided to learn off tank, and fell to 2490 as the lowest the past season, I climb immediately up to high plat again. High, I've maintained a 54% wr this season overall, and a 60% on all main tanks, and over 80% on orisa. I've currently got a 50%+ on d.va and hog but I'm struggling with Zarya. As we speak I'm at 2803. High gold, I had 4 games in a row where someone legitimately jumped off the cliff because they didn't like our comp or we lost first point quickly. People give up waaaay too easy, and hard stuck players are extremely hateful and blame everyone but themselves. My biggest issue climb out of that Sr, was that I was having issues with bubble management on zarya and couldn't maintain high charge. It finally clicked and I went 19-3 to finish in high platinum.
                        True that
                Plat is the worst imo everyone thinks they are god's. Only mid diamond will people actually work together and create decent team comps.
                    The trench never ends my dude, no one gives a shit about team comps in gm either
                    Yea that's also true, but I still find it's worse in gold.
                Surprisingly, that didn't happen for me this season. The three games separating me from plat went smoothly, and the people in comms were chill and making good calls. After that though, I've been too scared to attempt any more matches as I got lucky through that session.
                    That was partially the reason why I got a second account. One where I would play for fun and just try to do well but not get too bent out of shape of I lost.

So now if I lose on my main, I get really bummed out.

If I lose on my alt account, I get furious lol, mostly because it's due to trolls / throwers. (I don't rage most times, but throwers will do that to you)
            Once your in Plat it's a mixed basket, but it's a far step up from the flaming remains of excrement that is low gold
                Got up to 2330 this season so far. After 2 days of garbage teams back down to 2100.
                    Haha, for the first time this season I finally placed in very low Plat, I tied twice and only won 4 times. 

One of my placements I was with 5 other golds, against 6 golds. We lost the first round of Junker Town by a landslide, everything seemed lost, and tension was building. On defence the turntables were quick, and either one or both of these happened at once: 

-all my teammates gained enough IQ to get to average
-the enemy team developed dysfunctional autism. 

Somehow, some way, we started winning. 

Even if the braindead-walking-garage-sale-for-brains Lucio kept giving out the worst call outside. For Christ sake he told us to retreat after I got a triple shatter as rein, thank god nobody listened to *that* above other things they did listen to. 

Think that is a wild Comp game? 

Here's the real ringer, final placement was on hanamura, overtime timer is going down and were all trickleing in to try and just reset the timer on second point. 

I if I had time, I would count the pixels left on the goddamn bar, because Doomfist somehow reset it. 

The next two minutes that ensued were the most chaotic I've ever seen on  that map, as every player was desperate to stay on the damn point as if they had a real gun to their head. I'll see if I can grab the replay videos using the new system.
                    That's where you belong
                        Probs. 

This is a weak ass troll attempt.
                            Just stating the truth, if everyone around you is garbage then you're garbage too
                                Lol you're just being a cunt obviously. There's no truth in your statement.  Just a child's attitude and outlook; trying to antagonize because no ones gives you enough attention. Lol
                                    Keep blaming other people then whenever you lose, good life attitude
            Bronze-Low Diamond. Everyone in diamond is either a smurf or throws because they think they deserve to be higher rated
                Def sounds like silver to me. 'Cept people throwing to bronze because they just want to.
            Plat player here. Don't worry it's still shit.
            Bronze-GM is a crapshoot.
        Low master, shitty people are everywhere even top 500
            I wish I could get into masters as an idiot.
                I wish you had better jokes.
    Hey man, I was grand master when I played, it doesn't get any better.
After a double cap on Volskaya Industry. Both teams had more than 5 minutes left. 

So I typed in chat, 
“Repeat after me, I hate 2CP”. 

Half of the people in the game typed it. 
The game ended 8-7.
    Dude Volskaya isn't 2CP, it's 8CP.
    The only thing that surprises me about this is that it didn't end 8-8.
How many times do you have to leave to get a suspension from the season, and how many for getting banned from competitive
    It varies depending on matches played, but a good rule of thumb is that if your suspended for 7+ hrs, your on fucking thin ice. Suspension happens on 1st or second match for around 15 minutes.
        Oh, so is it possible to be banned from competitive as a whole
            Competitive as a season, yes. As a whole i’m not completely sure, my comment may have been worded badly.
            If you're banned from enough seasons you get banned forever.
                Oof
        From my experience, your first suspension in a while starts at 10min. From there it goes to 30min, 1hr, 2hr, 24hr, and then if you did all of those in a quick enough timespan (All in about 1-2weeks) you'll get banned for the entire season.
            Interesting, I’m pretty sure that the time varies depending on matches played so it ends up not being consistent.
                Probably, what I said is just from my experience
    First 1 or 2 is 10 minutes, then a half hour, then a few hours, and eventually up to a season ban.
    I believe it’s 6, but it might be 8. It’s definitely one of the two and I’m inclined to say it’s 6. I know from experience, as one season I kept getting mysterious disconnects. Ended up getting season banned for it. Problem is now gone (got a new ISP) and I never disconnect anymore. 

You can’t be permabanned for leaving, the worst that will happen is season ban.
I do this on Horizon a lot. Fucking hate that map but always ask since I don't want to ruin a match someone is pumped for.
    Paris is so bad that I sigh in relief when I get Horizon over it
        I've actually only played Paris and Havana once each as I've taken a lot of time off.
            havana isn’t nearly as bad as paris bf a mix of long lanes and small rooms help with situational heroes like doom and widow so there’s occasional variety
    Horizon is so good
        False facts homie lol
            opinions cant be false, thats why its called an opinion.
                It was a joke

You’re right

But it was a joke
green
Fucking Super ruining all the “No” s
    green
I know having something like a map select wouldn't work for comp but for QP I wouldn't mind having selectable 'map pool' of about 4-5 maps to choose from(that will then be selected randomly) so I'm not stuck playing Paris and Horizon over and over again.
    Or even just a list of "I dislike this map" to get it less.
        You mean something like wow's BG thing where you can choose 2 BGs you never want to do?
            You'd have to fill me in on what BG means in terms of stuff for WoW, as it's not a game I've played.
                BG is Battle Grounds, aka PVP instances
                    Ahh, okay.  In that case, yes.
[deleted]
    KotH is the reason to play OW. Best map type by a long shot!
        Nah, I like payload and 2cp
            You monster
                Koth just isn't fun, plus I loved payload and cp in tf2
    I wouldn't remove 2cp, as maps like Hanamura, Anubis and Volskaya are actually quite fun to play, IMO. I don't like the size of Paris (seriously what the fuck is the attackers spawn on Point B if you're playing any hero that doesn't have a movement ability you're stuck walking for like 20 seconds) and Horizon is just meh. I think 2cp get's too much hate. Yes, it's the worst gamemode, but 3/5 maps are actually quite good and definitely hold up against some other top tier maps ( think maps like Ilios, Rialto, Gibraltar, Kings Row )
        [deleted]
            Anubis allows for so many different approaches, though. slow push left side, dive on the main highground, slow push right side etc. the second point is the same, it's very versatile and allows for a lot of different comps to be played. I know what you mean with Hanamura, the first point is kinda meh for me too, but the second point is great.
    I think they should remove them from comp. Asymmetrical maps are cool, especially in arcade, but with how OW heroes are made they don't work on a competitive format.
    I feel this way with King of the Hill.  :/  Every other map in the game is fine.  I just wish OW didn't throw every map type into every non-arcade queue.  I'll pretty much never play comp because of this.
        Koth is way worse then 2CP
            This variance in opinion is probably based on the hero you play. Chances are a Lucio main will love KOTH, but a Pharah main may hate it because of certain maps.
                As a Rein player I despise it
                    Rein main here, love me some koth
                        I don't know how, I only like Nepal, it's so annoying getting flanked and cheesed all the time
                            I just love getting down in an all out brawl, nothing more fun that w+m1
i would upvote again if possible
horizon causes this
    even after a rework the map is trash.
    Horizon paris and Havana all cause this
It's so weird because if you only had the chat log for context this could be a LOT of maps and all of them are either 2cp or added post release.
Is that the real Super?
when blizzard refuses to give us a map vote system we must improvise, adapt, and overcome.
Paris is a LOT worse than Horizon imo Paris just straight up needs to be deleted
    The only redeeming quality of Paris are the playable pianos.
        And the Robot Lady in the Attackers Entrance
        I like its aesthetic in general. It's a really pretty environment although that has little relevance to it being a good competitive map.
What exactly did it help with, did they not have to play the game?
    [removed]
        As long as you don't rejoin the queue immediately after, then it's still the same lobby.
            Nah leaving that early insta kills it
                In my experience if everyone rejoined queue instantly they'd be put back into the same map with the same players... I assumed thats just how it worked.
                    Usually yea. Unless my internet is slow, when leaving that early it instantly starts the timer to end the game in 9 seconds. Maybe for me it's over by the time I get to load screen
        That’s what I thought, thx
Careful, he’s a hero
They really should add a system where players can vote what maps are in the competitive pool
and then you get it next game

&#x200B;

\*cha cha real smooth\*
you know your maps are shit when people are getting themselves suspended and losing sr to save *other people* the stress of playing on them
I’ve started doing this as well

Blizzard, Counter Strike has a map queue. You can do this too and people will love you for it.
    IK, I wish there was a map que for overwatch but idk how much longer it would take to find games. Especially in comp. it would be cool if they tried it on the ptr or something then asked for feedback on twitter but idk. I still upvote ur idea though, been wanting them to try this for a few months :)
    I would love a map queue as well, but then that raises the argument of SR. Is someone who only plays their best map as skilled as someone who plays all maps at the same SR?
I’d bet money this is horizon because that map is straight ass
I said it before I'll say it again. Delete 2cp and your fanbase shall rejoice.
I think we have enough maps now to warrant a veto system. You can uncheck 3 maps you don't want to play. 1 assault, 1 payload, 1 CP/KOTH.  Blizzard has to let it go, some of the maps are just garbage. I'm looking at you, Paris.
    Yeah I think we all would like it. but I don't think they want their work going to waste. The only time Assault would be chosen is if those were the only 3 options.

I know my first chose would be KOTH, unless its Kings Row, I just like that map for some reason.
$20 that it was Paris.
    No way dude, gotta be Horizon
Let me guess Paris?
    Horizon, I think.
Why does everyone hate Horizon, I love that map
    From the attackers pov:  
- point a is a pain in the ass to reach (fuck all cover)  
- point b has the defenders spawn right on top of it.

From the defenders pov:  
- point a may as well not exist, as soon as the attackers gain any kind of advantage, you've probably lost it  
- point b - I hope you like never having high ground
        Fair, but I always tend to have fun on it one way or another, if the defenders take high ground you take point or contest it, there's options
    Dont get it either. Hanamura is way worse imi
        For Real!
No, you can't get a vote.
Green, ME SAY ALONE RAMP
Is it busan
Why hello there, LaserButt!
[deleted]
    CTRL + A
cause that's what heroes do
I'm 100 % sure this is Horizon Lunar Colony. Every time that map pops up in competitive I die a little bit inside.
That's when you know your map design is ass when players would rather lose time they've spent climbing In competitive to skip a map 👍 keep basing out the two CP blizzard
the only good thing smurfs provide, the heroes that  dodge paris for us.

&#x200B;

I dodged paris a total of 5 times or so on 5 different days in 2 different accounts for the boys. I'd rather lose 50 smurf SR than go through a painful 15 minute that will have us tilted afterwards. get your shit together blizz
I remember when the mei glitch was a thing in junkertown and people legit voted to crash the game so nobody had to play it.
What a nice human being, you should be happy its rare to find a nice person in OW
    I want to do it sometimes just to save everyone the Headache, but not because of the map. I want to do it when  there is 4-5 DPS (including me) and one or two Healers and OFF Tank.

But then I could never leave Plat. 😢
        I consider you a hero for thinking.
            That's all I ever wanted to be, a hero. 😭😭
Chaotic Good
“Careful he’s a hero”
Green
Him legend
Top 10 Saddest Anime Sacrifices
For all you normies it’s lunar colony
I see that gray bs and I'm out. I hate HLC.
I've had games on horizon where I've lost but still enjoyed playing with/against good players.

regardless of who I'm playing with/against , I will not have a good time in paris
Reminds me off when moon moon queued into half of rouge and pretended his cat unplugged his internet
*Gets Paris the next game*
I do this when we have M&K on the enemy team or a thrower on ours.
Ugh, Horizon.
green


?
2 CP is probably the reason why no one wanted to play that map.
This but in Havana instead
I’ve done this once when I was facing for like the third time running a 3 stack with two insane smurfs boosting the third, I just explained to my team why and cancelled the game and told them not to queue for like 5 minutes to avoid running into them.
Was it Havana
Paris is a shit map.
What’s the punishment for leaving a game before it starts?
We desperately need some form of map filter. Maybe something like Rocket League where you can prefer and avoid maps.
Could be worse, could be Havana or Rialto.
Defense on Junkertown, near spawn is *the worst*. Everytime I get that map in competitive I just groan.
I literally just leave every time I get this map, so haven’t played it in months!
This man is a hero
Let me guess....havana ?
The best kind of people
Am I in the minority for liking horizon
What a fucking legend
I do this whenever I can on Junkertown - it's just not worth the 30 minutes of bullshit and cheese that map offers me.
I thought they were saying no they don't want top vote
I think the Super might've been me. When was this?
this happened and i loved him, added him... he said third time ive done it. What a legend. Risking his rank for our enjoyment
I've been seeing people leaving from Paris comp games regularly, which is nice, because this map is just not good and fuck it so much.
No thanks. I had enough of FPS games with players playing the same fucking map over and over. It was de\_dust all over again.
when even the pro's hate 2CP maps but Blizzard doesn't care lmao
I don't understand why yall hate horizon XD
Worst map ever.
I get 22 hrs until u can queue if i leave a game on one of my accounts. Only due to the times i have dodged horizon (and paris once lul)
it is important to realize, not all heroes wear capes, but not all capes get worn by heroes.
is this Lijiang?
I really hope we get to choose the map in next updates / OW2
This happened in my game once sksksks

I asked who wanted to be the real MVP and cancel the game so none of us had to play horizon 

Some dude was all too ready to agree
Give this man a medal.
This is why we need a pick/bans for maps
Wait was that actually comp...😂
    Yeah, you can see the GM symbol under the torb
        Damn i didnt even notice that
            Thnx
Spheres: G r E e N
good job
I hate Horizon and Rialto. Fuck those maps.
You see i had a similar thing happen to me that a guy dodged horizon because nobody wanted to play it but when i queued again I GOT HORIZON WITH PRETTY MUCH SAME PEOPLE and everybody was like "AH, MAN"
2cp lul
I got banned for a season on an alt, bc i keep leaving maps like LC and JT.
Paris is even worse
Paris
god bless
they are a saint BLESS
2 cps suck so much
Lunar?


Lunar.
I'd love to be able to pick what maps to search for, like in CS:GO.
G R E E N
When you fucking like playing HLC. I must be the only one
F
Why u dont download ADBloker?
Would anyone be willing to game share overwatch with m3?
Now if only we could get this to Blizzard to get them to realize how terrible this map is.
my friend and i were in a 6 stack and he left every time that we queued into paris
So you're "LaserButt"…?
I can't see what map it is, and clearly tell it's Paris
I don’t get it
this is really toxic. Crashing the comp map after people wait all the time is very toxic. There is even all chat displayed, which is toxic.   


/u/blindsniperx I think this person deserves a hardware ban.
Don't worry, [I saw it.](https://imgur.com/h9EzdNO)

Edit: Obligatory gold appreciation. Thank you, friend.
    You're a legend, I would give you gold if I had one to give :(
        Donate your money to a charity instead. Reddit gold doesn't do anything or help anyone.
            I'm hoping this was a reference to the breathtaking guy
                Your Breathtaking... No you're breathtaking-Keanu Reeves
                [deleted]
                    Damn go off


Edit: why spend time downvoting me and not opening up a Tab for a Cause?
                        [I already have](https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/) what's your excuse?
                            Oh yeah I went into your post history to see if you were a fan of something in particular and then I saw that post. From there I knew you at least felt earnestly about this.
                    Wut
            [deleted]
                Why are you so angry? Had a bad day?
                    Your whole reddit comment history jus you being angry and having a bunch of bad days, man.
                        [deleted]
                            How did I prove your point little guy
                                Lol, I'm getting middle school flashbacks from this thread
                    He needs healing.
            I’d like to think of Reddit awards as something along the lines of:

“Hey you helped me out with this” or “Hey I was entertained by this”, kind of like paying a bit for a person’s expertise or a snippet of a comedy or drama show. It’s like tipping a waiter or a delivery driver for providing good service. It makes the person feel good when receiving it.

Not to mention, it also helps Reddit run so that millions can be entertained by thousands upon thousands of fandoms and enthusiasts. It’s all a generally wholesome cycle. 

I really want you to reply, as I’m interested in hearing your side of this!
                https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/

I understand your perspective and still disagree.

Reddit management is not providing a selfless product. They do not look out for your best interest. Unpaid volunteers have created these communities and tirelessly upkeep them. On multiple occasions, the administration has shown that they promote particular political agendas. They punish communities that don't appeal to advertisers. Donating money to wealthy executives promotes this toxic attitude.

When you buy Reddit awards, you are not buying it for the user who made your day a little brighter. That user gets nothing. Their browsing experience is unchanged. Their quality of life is unphased. It is **not** the same as tipping a waiter.

Want to show someone your appreciation while also promoting a happier planet? For the same amount of money you would have wasted on platinum, donate to a charity of your choosing. Send that user a picture of your receipt and inform them that their positive attitude has inspired you to make the world a better place.
                    Hey! I’m sorry I’m getting back so late, I saw this reply a while back and had to continue what I was  doing at the time and completely forgot about it. 

I just want to mention that I still stand by what I said, but I can see why you may be concerned. Firstly, I still believe that giving an award on here is similar to (but of course, not equivalent of) giving a tip. If you are gifted with a gold or platinum award, you receive “Reddit Premium” for a certain duration of time. Of course it’s not the best thing in the world, and yes it does mostly just help Reddit, but at least it’s something (which does mean that their browsing experiences aren’t unchanged). Additionally, I feel like you’re mostly flat-out wrong about the quality of life. When most people receive an award, they are grateful and receive a good feeling, as they recognize that they are being appreciated in some way. I know you have gotten awards, and I know that you dislike them, and I know why: it’s because of the negative context they come to you in. The awards you receive on your comments aren’t (from what I’ve seen) to show you how good or insightful your comment was, but rather to poke fun at you and create a sense of irony (as in awarding someone who dislikes the awarding system).

If you’re still truly upset with the amount of money going to Reddit through these awards, there’s another way to approach it. I’m assuming you’re familiar with the website Wikipedia, which hosts millions upon millions of facts and tidbits and information, all placed in articles. Well, Wikipedia accepts donations to keep themselves running. If enough people can’t donate to Wikipedia, they would be forced to shut their servers down. How different is that from Reddit? Of course, they do receive a lot of revenue from their advertisements, but is it wrong to support a platform that supports millions of people daily?

I also think you’re quite hypocritical. You see, you seem to want to make the world a “better place” and a “happier planet”. However, almost without fail, every one of your comments is negatively-spirited. No matter what the topic, no matter the severity of it, you just want to pick fights. That baffles me. If you really, *honestly* , wanted to make the world a better place, your kindness towards others may matter more than the five bucks you’re bragging about donating to charity.

Of course, giving your money to charity is a great thing to do. However, if you’re impressed with someone’s online content, they should reap at least some of the reward. It’s similar to saying to a cab driver, “Hey, that was a great ride, and to show you how much I appreciated it, I’ll give my money to someone else and then send you a picture of the receipt.” 

That’s all I’m gonna write for tonight. If you still have anything, please, just reply back to this! I’m finding this banter to be interesting.
            [deleted]
                [deleted]
                    [deleted]
                >that free website

just like how Facebook is "free"

It's cute you think their sole source of income is from reddit gold. Their marketing worked on you.
                    [Reddit was projected ](https://www.feedough.com/reddit-make-money-reddit-business-model/) to receive $1B [edit: -999M] from premium memberships in 2017. 

On one hand you are right that if all of these people donated their money the world would be a better place. 

On the other hand the point of this income stream for reddit is to supplement their money from ads. I would wager that without gold, Reddit would probably have to force email registration and go for more targeted ads.
                        That says $1M, not billion FYI
                            I know it doesn’t vindicate me fully but... 

Do we really need precision in the cents? 
Like come on... How could I have known ~besides for the decimal point~
            Edit: thanks for the gold!
            Lmao some kid who hasn't even been here a year thinks he's got reddit all figured out
                The worst type of gatekeeping is when people assume that time = experience
                    Well in this case it does. Reddit used to have massive stability issues and funding it was a bit of a crisis. Many people don't have to deal with the ads because they use a 3rd party service. The only legitimate concern with gold is that it's one of the only excuses they have for not banning the orange subreddit, since they gild more than any other.
            Like, I know you're new but Reddit Gold *genuinely* saved this website back in the day. It doesn't do anything or help anyone except keep reddit going.  If you don't like reddit... why are you here?
                That was true back in the day, but nowadays? They make so much ad revnue I don't think it genuinely matters.
    I love that what you did, quit to cancel the game, caused the kind of positivity that is otherwise never seen in the game.
    Absolute madlad
        Insanity is defined as the doing the same thing over and over again but expecting different things. This man broke the mold. He is the change we need.

Insanity? No, this man is the most sane of us. God speed, soldier.
    You're a good person.
    Legend. Nicely done.
    I'm not your friend, guy.
        Hi not your friend, guy., I'm dad.
What map
    Looks like horizon to me
        Yeah I thought so too but wasn’t sure
            Yeah, Horizon
                My first guess was Paris.
                    Anubis 2nd point is the only time I ever  mildly enjoy 2 cp.
                        Well are you mental??
                            He's terminal.
                        I like Volskaya solely because it's a good Doom map, and also first point Anubis (defending), but those are the only two exceptions. 2cp can suck my cock and balls
                            ^^I ^^think ^^Hanamura ^^is ^^quite ^^okay
                                That's not okay to say
                                Nah, Hanamura 1st point sucks to cap. 2nd is fun.
                        I think the appeal of 2CP changes with character preference. I don't know. I like it best, personally.
                            I don't have anything against 2cp either, but I love playing Orisa. So you're probably correct about character preference.
                                Same, play a lot of Orisa. She plays best when you can bunker down.
                        This is too much too bear 🐻
                    Paris is by far the worst map imo
                        Havana would like a word..

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

also shouldn't the maps be getting better not worse
                            maps are getting worse

heroes are getting worse (either cancer like brig doom or basically not played like ashe)
                                I don't mind Brigitte that much, and I see a decent bit of Ashe.  I absolutely resent Moira's kit design though.  Very unpleasant to play with AND against.  On your team, it feels as if she just DPSes while you beg for healing beside her until you die.  On the enemy team, so much unavoidable damage and impossible to 1v1 due to self-healing and escape.  Not overpowered, just incredibly anti-fun.  Worse than Mei IMO
                        I still think HLC is worse than Paris. Paris sucks, but not any worse than the other assault maps. Horizon is on another level of shittyness in my opinion.
                            I wonder why most people feel this way. Horizon used to be my favorite map in the game before the edits. Now, I still really like it (my favorite 2cp map for whatever that's worth), but definitely not my favorite anymore after the edits. Paris on the other hand is hot garbage. Terrible shitty map. Point b is garbage on that map. 

Why is horizon in particular so annoying to you and others?

P.S. I'm in the numbani club for favorite map
                                I guess for me I’ve had both terrible and amazing experiences on every map, even horizon, but it seems more times then not I have a shitty experience on horizon. I think both points are annoying to attack, where as Paris I don’t think point A is so bad. I agree that Paris B is very annoying. If you don’t get a good snowball going after the first point there’s a good chance you won’t get B.

And I know I’m in the minority as far as Paris goes. I haven’t been playing comp nearly as much as I used to so I haven’t had as many bad experiences with Paris as with other maps.
                                Every single time I play on Horizon, the moment we step out into the open it's just Bastion and hitscans annihilating us instantly.  So I try to flank them while my team cowers in the corridors on the left for 5 minutes until we lose

It's just the same thing every single time.  Immortal enemy bastion, we're sitting ducks in an open corridor, begging team to be aggressive with me instead of AFKing in fear till we lose.  Over and over and over again.
                        I actually love Paris, it's a great Sombra map
                No wonder he wanted to leave
                100% with you, hate this map so much. the changes didnt help at all.
        I realised after i  read the comments that i just automatically assumed it was horizon because of the grey,
        Doesn't look like anything to me.
        I havent played this game since moiras release(and since the torb and sym rework i really have no reason to either) and horison is still the same...
 Good to see
    My money is on HLC
        My dude what is your flair lol
            back when this individual played Overwatch Mercy could rez her entire team and the meta was 3 tank 2 support and probably Soldier or something
                You hit the nail on the head.
                    I remember the days of whole team rezzes. My favorite time ever is still when the enemy mercy got off almost a full team rez so zarya gravved them and I nuked the grav.
                        To me it feels like it was just yesterday. Strange how OP it seems now a day. But it was a bad way to play, having mercy Bob around with her ult ready for the entire match until something happens.
                        Ah, the good ol' days of my team screaming "FIND THE MERCY" "KILL HER FIRST BEFORE SHE REZZEZ" "WHERE IS THEIR MERCY?"
                            its weird how much I miss that
                                It was restrictive because is basically forced someone to play mercy, but helped to rally the team together. I miss it as well.
                            Or simply the requirement of having her on your team.
        Me too
I like how horizon was the first thing to pop into my head. That map isn’t fun for anyone.
    2 CP is a good game mode that is fun for the whole family :)
Unpopular opinion I actually like horizon
    I'm just coming back to OW after a break. I think I'd rather play on horizon than paris
        Yeah I kinda like Horizon after they updated it. Paris is awful. :(
            I'm pretty new to coming back as well. What did they update?
                On the first point they made it easier to access high ground on defense and added some extra cover up there too. On second point they made the path from spawn to point longer to reduce endless stalling, and there’s some extra cover behind/above the point too.

They also added a bunch of nice visual improvements, there’s some greenery now and extra color which makes the map look less drab and more appealing. 

That’s all I can remember right now but I think they made some other minor improvements to the map design too.
            just the absolute worst
        Definitely. Horizon isn't nearly as awful as Paris imo. The moment we get to Paris or Busan, I'm already annoyed before the match even begins. 😫
            I love both those maps. Anubis, volskaya, hanamura, anything you basically need to teamkill the enemy team for, is awful. Objective maps, and also control points (lijiang, nepal) are ++.
        Here I am, loving both of these maps like a chump.
         Unpopular opinion I actually like Paris
            Same, tbh I don't really dislike any of the maps.
                sounds like you just have loose standards
                    I guess?  But tbh I just don't hate any of the maps, I 'd sooner hate my teammates then the map tbh.
                        Yeah, same.
    i dont think it can be an opinion when its objectively wrong
        [deleted]
            \-------------the joke--------------->

&#x200B;

\*You\*
                [deleted]
                    I'm with you. I've been seeing people use "objectively" incorrectly a lot lately just like "literally" started to get overused incorrectly. It drives me crazy lol
                        I only Ban one word from my twitch chat.  And it is "literally".
                            Literally only bans one word
                    it was pretty clearly a joke
                        [deleted]
                            LOL did you go through my post history for this

LOL mad
                He's not the one to blame if your joke just sucks.
                    It's not mine, you know that?
    It's not that your opinion is wrong, it's that you're wrong that you hold said opinion. You actually think it's bad and are in denial.
    Unpopular opinion IMO Numbani is even less fun than Horizon.
    same i love playing defense on it
    Unpopular opinion: I really like 2CP and hate KOTH with a burning passion.
        Are there people that actually like KOTH cause I very much dislike it
    I wish more fighting went on outside the airlocks
    I really like it when the games go well, but it’s by far the worst map of your team refuses to work together. 2cp is generally shitty if your team won’t cooperate, but most of the other maps either force you all to go the same way or you can all get to the point doing your own thing. It’s ridiculously easy to pick off solo attackers on Horizon which is why it’s so common to get a tie there.
    I like it much more than Hanamura or Temple of Anubis.
    Same. If my team would flipping group up and not scatter, we could defend.
    I like the map it's a fun map I just hate playing on it lol, especially attack with a bad team
    It’s almost like we should be able to pick the maps we want to play on since everyone has different tastes. Some people enjoy 2CP, let them play it. Some people enjoy KOTH, let them play it.
        TF2 actually has that exact system in place. You can even choose what specific maps you want to play on, so if you want to just play one map for your entire session, you can!
            CS:GO does too, that’s why it’s insane that we have to keep playing these garbage maps.
    Horizon is my favorite 2CP map. But i hate every 2 CP map so...
        In my opinion Paris is the worst 2CP map
Hey I'll play anything except blizworld
    I actually enjoy blizzard world. Curious as to why you hate it. Every map can't be a reskin of Kings Row but st least it's not 2CP with extra steps like Numbani
    I hate Rialto. And Route 66.

Edit: just, like, my opinion, man.
        You don't like Rialto, aka Hamster's Paradise?
        Rialto's pretty fun imo
Of course it’s fucking Horizon.  They made a bad map worse when they changed it
they can't change that map enough
Damn I assumed it was Paris or Busan. I actually don’t mind horizon
thats bs, leaving wont do shit. i have got the same map after queuing -_- even waiting a few minutes. YOU THOUGHT YOU CAN GET AWAY
I hate busan. That map just makes me not want to play overwatch
gaming com in a nutshell
    When your the only one who doesn’t get peer pressured into saying no
Looks that way.
Figured it would be Paris, I actually don’t mind horizon
    Horizon I can tolerate, but I fucking LOATHE Paris.

There's something about that map that just doesn't appeal to me at all.
        That very first choke point... it's the bane of my 2200SR existence.
            One day I had a team that without chat moved as a fucking squad and we destroyed that first check point. 

Basically I as Brig. shielded that chokepoint just long enough for everyone to run left into the bakery, then team waited for shield and we ran to the next building on the left then up the balcony and stormed the point from the side like a damn swat team while half the enemy team was still at that choke point apparently thinking only one or two people made it past...

Frankly, I don't think we could have done it better if we had coms...
                One day, as Lucio, I speed boosted at the choke and everyone ~~W~~-A-S-D'ed really fast and spent the next 80 years shooting from the choke trying to get a pick. Legend has it, all 5 of those team members are still there, shooting from the choke, hoping for a pick.

If you listen closely on the Paris map, you can hear the distant, haunted cries of "BARRIER BROKEN" and "I NEED HEALING". If you do hear it, that's those 5 players, eternally trapped at the choke, trying to get a pick.

I left after the match was over, but they didn't. Still there. To this day. Shooting from the choke.

True story.
            Play wrecking ball. They'll chase you, then your team can take choke for free while you kite them around.
                Also works as Winston if you're like me and suck as Wrecking Ball.
                    Winston does work. Trickier though, because leap has long cooldown. Once you use it, you're nothing but an ult battery unless your team IMMEDIATELY follows up and covers you.
                        Jump on the platform, they shoot you, you drop down and bubble. Then your team should be through and you have jump back. 

&#x200B;

The problem with Paris is that strats like these only work when your team uses that window of opportunity. In gold people sit in the choke trying to break the Orisa shield
                    Hi me too lol
                But that implies that my team will actually push, which they won’t at my low rank.
                    "I dont want to die so I'm not going to push"
                Don't be telling too many people my strategy to attack first point Hanamura that for some reason works nearly every single time
                I would play him if he weren't disabled
            The one strat that I find helps is if a Wreckingball swings up right before the choke and jumps the roof tops to the left. He can head right for the point. It forces the team away from the choke and it allows your team to push. 

I haven’t seen many expecting it.
            I usually play Hammond on attack and as soon as my team hits the choke, I go over the top left opening and then get behind the enemy team and boop them off the high ground. It's usually easy pickings from there because their team is separated and then you can just boop off the ones that pull back to the point.
            Go Hammond and boop them off high ground for an easy cap.
            It has so many angles of attack for Wrecking Ball, it’s my favorite in the game.
        I don't mind Paris too much because it's basically a mirrored Anubis with slight changes. That being said, Anubis is one of my least favorites.
            Holy fuck...I never realized it but now that I think about it that’s so true. Paris really is a mirrored Anubis. Goddamn you just fucked up my night
                Holy fuck yeah, didn't notice it either, but I feel like Anubis is atleat Abit more fun as a torb you could place turrets up high, Paris you can't, it feels so flat
                    IKR??? Such a shit map I don’t understand how all of Blizzards level designers went “hmmm yes this is good Paris good very good level”
                The first choke on Paris is way worse though. The central column in Anubis breaks LOS and you can go both left or right shortly after.

Paris is similar indeed, but you get shot at from the second you round the corner and keep getting shot up as you go into each direction. Police station is nearly always suicide, and left side around takes too long.
            Can't you say that about all 2cp?

First point is a choke.

Second point is 90 degrees the other way, and is a long forward stretch with some optional routes left and right.

Seems to fit horizon and volskaya too.
        At least Paris is pretty to look at.

They might as well make the whole Horizon zero gravity, at least it would be different.
            >because our new moon map is such a unique opportunity we added a unique surface-of-the-moon low G area

>which is a longer version of the route immediately adjacent to it, separates you from your team and offers close to nil defensive or offensive benefit

They could cut that section and it would still take the community a few weeks to notice
        Funny, I really don't like any 2cp maps, but I like Paris the most out of them
        Paris sucks asshole.
        Probably the french?
        Just run dive lawl
        Hanamura. Just screw this map. I know how to play around any map, but Hanamura? Fuck it.
        First point choke fucking sucks, terrible design. You can't design a choke point with high ground right in front of said choke without alternate routes. Going left still sucks because all the bunker comp has to do is shift ever so slightly to the right. Going right sucks cause they can just clog up the doorway. Second point isn't too bad in my experience.
        Same, just an overall boring map, i also don't really like the whole look of the map.
    I like Paris. But my favorite map rn is Havana (ooh na na)
        Someone was like "eW pOp MuSiC" when I said that once
            Lol really? Usually I get people reply with the same.
            Probably because it's trash
        [Ditto.](https://youtu.be/Nqc8lK92K7E)
        Waiting for the east Atlanta map
        Oh god, Havana is one of the worst maps in the game.
            That’s your opinion. No need to yuck my yum
                Nah, not my opinion at all.
I was stating a well known fact.
                    Doubling down? Why
        How the fuck is that possible
            How is what
                You enjoy Havana and Paris? How
                    Because they’re fun to play on. How do you like the things that you do? Because you find them fun.
    Horizon is actually my favorite 2cp, but, ya know...
    Paris was my immediate thought too
    Paris is my favorite map :( I fucking hate hanamura
I love Horizon
    Modern horizons is pretty good
        You planeswalked into the wrong sub.
            Shit this isn’t Serra’s realm I’ve  been asleep for 3000 years and wanted to check up on her do you know how to get there?
                Sure. Can you fit into the Weatherlights core?
    Not trying to troll you or anything but why?????
        Not who you asked but I'll take ***ANY*** 2CP map over KotH. ^((except I'll take Ilios over Paris))

The rework of the map really did fix a lot of it's more frustrating issues; it's biggest issues currently are the second point issues that plague EVERY 2CP map in the game (mainly the close defender spawns and the too-open-ness of them). First point has lots of corners to hide behind right next to it, allowing for a lot of jiggling that other 2CP maps lack (like the pillar in the back, most of the others are just kind of... boxes with four entrances on the faces and a skylight, whereas the entrances on Horizon are both taller, distributed differently, and the 'sky' entrance can be accessed by characters that normally can't, since flying is not required to reach it). It's also one of the few 2CP maps that feels like it's harder to get spawn-camped on attack (unlike Anubis or Volskaya, for example). You have plenty of options to work with and many characters are viable on it. You can play meta or cheese comps. 

I don't understand the hate for Horizon. It provides variety in your options, which can often lead to devolved/unclear fights, which I guess is the reason a lot of people don't like it?
            I think a lot of people hate it because it’s like the only 2cp map that favors offense. I will admit it’s better since it’s rework but it’s still my least favorite map
                Fair enough I guess.
            ilios is the best map in the game and control maps > 2cp by far IMO
                I hate KotH type stuff in any and every video game I've ever played, so I know it's just a personal preference, but I just can't stand them.

And you think Ilios is better than King's Row? Huh. Never heard that one before.
        Tbh I just tend to have fun on it, it's unique and I've had all kinds of great memories running all kinds of different strats
Better than DVA's map
    The big wrong
    D.va’s map is the shit.
        Which map is Dva's map?
            Busan.
Kill him!!!!!!
    Do it
        do it, do it, do it, do it, do it!
        Dew it*
    I vote we kill him.
Modern problems require modern solutions
I'm not sure i get a vote, but aye.
So it's treason then.
Then maybe we should give the dogs a vote as well
I'd rather play 10 Horizons than 1 Paris.
    fucking bunker comp every single fucking time on fucking paris. i have a strong hate for horizon but paris... that shit is a whole ‘nother shitshow.
        For Paris point A just run Symm + Lucio, take the right path out of spawn, use tele to move through choke (port to the left side of enemy high ground), then speed to point.

Set up sym turrets and make them come fight your team on point.

I've had about an 80% win rate with this strat, but only in Plat or lower.
            Going to the point generally wins 2CP more than choke-dancing for 4 minutes.
            I mean.. any situation becomes trivial to overcome if you have a coordinated team like that.
        Bunker every time is too real.
        I mean, it's the same reason you see bunker on point a of ~~Oasis~~ Anubis. It's really the only solid way to hold that choke since the map gives you the high ground.

The difference is there's no partial cover for attackers in Paris. No big health pack in the cafe, and no cover for flankers to actually flank the high ground. It's just a shittier version of ~~Oasis~~ Anubis, which is already a shitty point.

Edit: fixed a dumb
            Oasis? Do you mean Anubis? Oasis is a KOTH map
                .... Shit. Yes.
        Try Wrecking Ball.  I haven't experienced any of the grief of anyone in this thread with Paris, and I've realized this is because I almost exclusively play Wrecking Ball and the map is fantastic for him.  So many fun areas to spiderman around, disrupt teams, get them chasing you, hook onto fixtures and statues and spin around for 20 seconds knocking anyone around you back, etc. etc.
        There are so many ways to break a bunker it's not too bad.
    I don't understand why Blizzard has such a hard-on for crazy tight chokes. Eichenwalde, Paris, Volskaya, etc, are just a slog on Attack.
        At least for Volskaya you have the truck as partial cover. Paris, Eichenwalde, etc, you have nothing. You lose. Good day sir
        Because it’s a lazy and easy way to make a guaranteed map obstacle that defenders can hold and attackers have to break
    [deleted]
        Really? I love some of the maps they've added.
            My favourite map is Blizzard World
        Big fan of Eichenwald and Oasis though (right?)
            I fuckin love Oasis though. It’s a great map for flankers.
        Blizzard World and Eichenwald are both solid maps. I think all hybrid maps are great though, and I feel like it's easily the best mode in the game. So liking those two maps could definitely come from liking the mode played on them.
        I have not heard a lot of hate about junkertown. One of the few maps I see where people actually use a lot of the alternate routes constantly through the map. Most heros appear to have windows to be successful.
            It used to get aggressively hated on but it’s died down as people have come to dislike newer maps
        Havana and Paris can go for me. Havana is just too long. Paris has the same problem original Eichenwalde had it has one door you can run through with no cover...shocked they diddnt learn a lesson from that
            Havana is too long? What the fuck does that even fuckin mean?
        Maybe you should stop playing the game.
    That's more indicative of how incredibly shit Paris is than how good Horizon is.
It would be fair if mode was random but map was by vote. You’d see a more even pick rate I think.
Might as well just delete 2cp from the game.
    Please do, I'm pretty sure nobody would actually be upset by that
    I'm fine with 2CP in general, I just hate Horizon in particular.
        *Paris has entered the chat*
        I haven't had a 2cp match in comp since the update, I'm curious to see if it's better.
            It’s not
            Lucky.
    Those are my favorite maps :(
2cp is why we will never get this. Blizzard loves their 2cp
A small price to pay for salvation
If any maps really did have a 0.001% pick rate, it would be a pretty decent candidate for Blizzard to revisit the map design. Even if the map is perfectly balanced, if no one wants to play the damned thing that says something.

I have a feeling 2cp would never see the light of day again.
    Yeah someone mentioned that the mode should still be random, which I agree with. And I also agree that having an actual pick-rate could show harder data on what maps people dislike rather than basing redesigns on win rates and forum posts.
Bless you for your sacrifice
>  since I gotta go to the hospital right now

You alright?
    Nothing too bad, just a hairline fracture from spraining my ankle. Should be good in 2-6 weeks, but I gotta keep my foot in a boot for the mean time.
        So more OW is on the schedule xD
            Nah man, I actually uninstalled straight after I left. I got to Top 40 in like Season 11, and ever since then, the game hasn't been fun. I kept going back to it, but never got anything out of it. Sometimes I played with my friends on smurf accounts, like this one (since our SR was too different) , but alas, all good things have to come to an end.
                I hear ya. When you keep lowering the skill floor so newbies can feel competitive, any game will start to die.
I assume you're in gold?
    Bronze-Gold is a crapshoot.
        The crapshoot does go higher, it just diminishes somewhat.
            A bigger lie has never been told
        I climbed the ranks on my DPS account from bronze to low plat over 3-4 seasons (I main healers, high plat).

Bronze players just don't know what they are doing in the slightest, and most have garbage aim. Most of the players here are not toxic.

Silver players play for the fun of it, the vast majority are good people, good players, not mechanically gifted, and not super aware of what is going on.

Low gold, about the same as silver, but a little more toxic players and a bit better mechanically.

High gold: the scum of the earth. Over 100 games played at this level just this season alone, not even 100 SR difference. For every game you claw out a win, there are 2 games where people throw, are seriously toxic, will pick characters they don't know how to play for unknown reasons (tell me you have never seen a will-always-charge Rein). It's a shit show.
            Would explain my fall from 2300s to 2100s.
                Yup, this season is the worse so far in gold, so much stupid play, so many throwers and griefers, and the games that don't have those are still so hard to win. I'm not really sure why, but with the replay now we can get a bit more info... If the damn keybinds freaking worked...
                    Knowing what my teammates did or failed to do doesn't really seem relevant to me, simply because I have no real control over what my teammate does.

I think my real concern is those who will use the replay system to seek a means of blaming/griefing someone. Rather than  learning how to play better.
                        Not so much about what they did wrong in that sense. More like what could I have done better, especially in situations where they did wrong.

Did I go in with the wrong guy because I got carried away? Should I have paid more attention to where half the team was going? Why was half the team not with us, etc.

For example I found out one of our nearly successful pushes failed because half the team turned around to fight Doomfist, so us tanks didn't have heals and while Rein had a good shatter, nobody was there to follow up. Naturally nobody fighting Doomy called that out...

I wished the replay system decided voice comms too. Rly wanted to see if I missed the call for Doom or if they didn't call it.

In either case, being more aware of what the team was up to would have saved us from wasting ults.
            Honestly, as someone who's climbed from 1645 to 2920, 2400-2600 is easily the most cancerous spot. I hit a wall at about 2900, but that's due to it being where I belong, I've fallen to the gold / plat border and it's honestly horrible trying to get to mid plat again. I quit comp this season, not worth it.
                If it's hard for you in gold, you don't belong in plat.
                    I decided to learn off tank, and fell to 2490 as the lowest the past season, I climb immediately up to high plat again. High, I've maintained a 54% wr this season overall, and a 60% on all main tanks, and over 80% on orisa. I've currently got a 50%+ on d.va and hog but I'm struggling with Zarya. As we speak I'm at 2803. High gold, I had 4 games in a row where someone legitimately jumped off the cliff because they didn't like our comp or we lost first point quickly. People give up waaaay too easy, and hard stuck players are extremely hateful and blame everyone but themselves. My biggest issue climb out of that Sr, was that I was having issues with bubble management on zarya and couldn't maintain high charge. It finally clicked and I went 19-3 to finish in high platinum.
                    True that
            Plat is the worst imo everyone thinks they are god's. Only mid diamond will people actually work together and create decent team comps.
                The trench never ends my dude, no one gives a shit about team comps in gm either
                Yea that's also true, but I still find it's worse in gold.
            Surprisingly, that didn't happen for me this season. The three games separating me from plat went smoothly, and the people in comms were chill and making good calls. After that though, I've been too scared to attempt any more matches as I got lucky through that session.
                That was partially the reason why I got a second account. One where I would play for fun and just try to do well but not get too bent out of shape of I lost.

So now if I lose on my main, I get really bummed out.

If I lose on my alt account, I get furious lol, mostly because it's due to trolls / throwers. (I don't rage most times, but throwers will do that to you)
        Once your in Plat it's a mixed basket, but it's a far step up from the flaming remains of excrement that is low gold
            Got up to 2330 this season so far. After 2 days of garbage teams back down to 2100.
                Haha, for the first time this season I finally placed in very low Plat, I tied twice and only won 4 times. 

One of my placements I was with 5 other golds, against 6 golds. We lost the first round of Junker Town by a landslide, everything seemed lost, and tension was building. On defence the turntables were quick, and either one or both of these happened at once: 

-all my teammates gained enough IQ to get to average
-the enemy team developed dysfunctional autism. 

Somehow, some way, we started winning. 

Even if the braindead-walking-garage-sale-for-brains Lucio kept giving out the worst call outside. For Christ sake he told us to retreat after I got a triple shatter as rein, thank god nobody listened to *that* above other things they did listen to. 

Think that is a wild Comp game? 

Here's the real ringer, final placement was on hanamura, overtime timer is going down and were all trickleing in to try and just reset the timer on second point. 

I if I had time, I would count the pixels left on the goddamn bar, because Doomfist somehow reset it. 

The next two minutes that ensued were the most chaotic I've ever seen on  that map, as every player was desperate to stay on the damn point as if they had a real gun to their head. I'll see if I can grab the replay videos using the new system.
                That's where you belong
                    Probs. 

This is a weak ass troll attempt.
                        Just stating the truth, if everyone around you is garbage then you're garbage too
                            Lol you're just being a cunt obviously. There's no truth in your statement.  Just a child's attitude and outlook; trying to antagonize because no ones gives you enough attention. Lol
                                Keep blaming other people then whenever you lose, good life attitude
        Bronze-Low Diamond. Everyone in diamond is either a smurf or throws because they think they deserve to be higher rated
            Def sounds like silver to me. 'Cept people throwing to bronze because they just want to.
        Plat player here. Don't worry it's still shit.
        Bronze-GM is a crapshoot.
    Low master, shitty people are everywhere even top 500
        I wish I could get into masters as an idiot.
            I wish you had better jokes.
Hey man, I was grand master when I played, it doesn't get any better.
Dude Volskaya isn't 2CP, it's 8CP.
The only thing that surprises me about this is that it didn't end 8-8.
It varies depending on matches played, but a good rule of thumb is that if your suspended for 7+ hrs, your on fucking thin ice. Suspension happens on 1st or second match for around 15 minutes.
    Oh, so is it possible to be banned from competitive as a whole
        Competitive as a season, yes. As a whole i’m not completely sure, my comment may have been worded badly.
        If you're banned from enough seasons you get banned forever.
            Oof
    From my experience, your first suspension in a while starts at 10min. From there it goes to 30min, 1hr, 2hr, 24hr, and then if you did all of those in a quick enough timespan (All in about 1-2weeks) you'll get banned for the entire season.
        Interesting, I’m pretty sure that the time varies depending on matches played so it ends up not being consistent.
            Probably, what I said is just from my experience
First 1 or 2 is 10 minutes, then a half hour, then a few hours, and eventually up to a season ban.
I believe it’s 6, but it might be 8. It’s definitely one of the two and I’m inclined to say it’s 6. I know from experience, as one season I kept getting mysterious disconnects. Ended up getting season banned for it. Problem is now gone (got a new ISP) and I never disconnect anymore. 

You can’t be permabanned for leaving, the worst that will happen is season ban.
Paris is so bad that I sigh in relief when I get Horizon over it
    I've actually only played Paris and Havana once each as I've taken a lot of time off.
        havana isn’t nearly as bad as paris bf a mix of long lanes and small rooms help with situational heroes like doom and widow so there’s occasional variety
Horizon is so good
    False facts homie lol
        opinions cant be false, thats why its called an opinion.
            It was a joke

You’re right

But it was a joke
green
Or even just a list of "I dislike this map" to get it less.
    You mean something like wow's BG thing where you can choose 2 BGs you never want to do?
        You'd have to fill me in on what BG means in terms of stuff for WoW, as it's not a game I've played.
            BG is Battle Grounds, aka PVP instances
                Ahh, okay.  In that case, yes.
KotH is the reason to play OW. Best map type by a long shot!
    Nah, I like payload and 2cp
        You monster
            Koth just isn't fun, plus I loved payload and cp in tf2
I wouldn't remove 2cp, as maps like Hanamura, Anubis and Volskaya are actually quite fun to play, IMO. I don't like the size of Paris (seriously what the fuck is the attackers spawn on Point B if you're playing any hero that doesn't have a movement ability you're stuck walking for like 20 seconds) and Horizon is just meh. I think 2cp get's too much hate. Yes, it's the worst gamemode, but 3/5 maps are actually quite good and definitely hold up against some other top tier maps ( think maps like Ilios, Rialto, Gibraltar, Kings Row )
    [deleted]
        Anubis allows for so many different approaches, though. slow push left side, dive on the main highground, slow push right side etc. the second point is the same, it's very versatile and allows for a lot of different comps to be played. I know what you mean with Hanamura, the first point is kinda meh for me too, but the second point is great.
I think they should remove them from comp. Asymmetrical maps are cool, especially in arcade, but with how OW heroes are made they don't work on a competitive format.
I feel this way with King of the Hill.  :/  Every other map in the game is fine.  I just wish OW didn't throw every map type into every non-arcade queue.  I'll pretty much never play comp because of this.
    Koth is way worse then 2CP
        This variance in opinion is probably based on the hero you play. Chances are a Lucio main will love KOTH, but a Pharah main may hate it because of certain maps.
            As a Rein player I despise it
                Rein main here, love me some koth
                    I don't know how, I only like Nepal, it's so annoying getting flanked and cheesed all the time
                        I just love getting down in an all out brawl, nothing more fun that w+m1
even after a rework the map is trash.
Horizon paris and Havana all cause this
The only redeeming quality of Paris are the playable pianos.
    And the Robot Lady in the Attackers Entrance
    I like its aesthetic in general. It's a really pretty environment although that has little relevance to it being a good competitive map.
[removed]
    As long as you don't rejoin the queue immediately after, then it's still the same lobby.
        Nah leaving that early insta kills it
            In my experience if everyone rejoined queue instantly they'd be put back into the same map with the same players... I assumed thats just how it worked.
                Usually yea. Unless my internet is slow, when leaving that early it instantly starts the timer to end the game in 9 seconds. Maybe for me it's over by the time I get to load screen
    That’s what I thought, thx
IK, I wish there was a map que for overwatch but idk how much longer it would take to find games. Especially in comp. it would be cool if they tried it on the ptr or something then asked for feedback on twitter but idk. I still upvote ur idea though, been wanting them to try this for a few months :)
I would love a map queue as well, but then that raises the argument of SR. Is someone who only plays their best map as skilled as someone who plays all maps at the same SR?
Yeah I think we all would like it. but I don't think they want their work going to waste. The only time Assault would be chosen is if those were the only 3 options.

I know my first chose would be KOTH, unless its Kings Row, I just like that map for some reason.
No way dude, gotta be Horizon
Horizon, I think.
From the attackers pov:  
- point a is a pain in the ass to reach (fuck all cover)  
- point b has the defenders spawn right on top of it.

From the defenders pov:  
- point a may as well not exist, as soon as the attackers gain any kind of advantage, you've probably lost it  
- point b - I hope you like never having high ground
    Fair, but I always tend to have fun on it one way or another, if the defenders take high ground you take point or contest it, there's options
Dont get it either. Hanamura is way worse imi
    For Real!
CTRL + A
I want to do it sometimes just to save everyone the Headache, but not because of the map. I want to do it when  there is 4-5 DPS (including me) and one or two Healers and OFF Tank.

But then I could never leave Plat. 😢
    I consider you a hero for thinking.
        That's all I ever wanted to be, a hero. 😭😭
Yeah, you can see the GM symbol under the torb
    Damn i didnt even notice that
        Thnx
You're a legend, I would give you gold if I had one to give :(
    Donate your money to a charity instead. Reddit gold doesn't do anything or help anyone.
        I'm hoping this was a reference to the breathtaking guy
            Your Breathtaking... No you're breathtaking-Keanu Reeves
            [deleted]
                Damn go off


Edit: why spend time downvoting me and not opening up a Tab for a Cause?
                    [I already have](https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/) what's your excuse?
                        Oh yeah I went into your post history to see if you were a fan of something in particular and then I saw that post. From there I knew you at least felt earnestly about this.
                Wut
        [deleted]
            Why are you so angry? Had a bad day?
                Your whole reddit comment history jus you being angry and having a bunch of bad days, man.
                    [deleted]
                        How did I prove your point little guy
                            Lol, I'm getting middle school flashbacks from this thread
                He needs healing.
        I’d like to think of Reddit awards as something along the lines of:

“Hey you helped me out with this” or “Hey I was entertained by this”, kind of like paying a bit for a person’s expertise or a snippet of a comedy or drama show. It’s like tipping a waiter or a delivery driver for providing good service. It makes the person feel good when receiving it.

Not to mention, it also helps Reddit run so that millions can be entertained by thousands upon thousands of fandoms and enthusiasts. It’s all a generally wholesome cycle. 

I really want you to reply, as I’m interested in hearing your side of this!
            https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/

I understand your perspective and still disagree.

Reddit management is not providing a selfless product. They do not look out for your best interest. Unpaid volunteers have created these communities and tirelessly upkeep them. On multiple occasions, the administration has shown that they promote particular political agendas. They punish communities that don't appeal to advertisers. Donating money to wealthy executives promotes this toxic attitude.

When you buy Reddit awards, you are not buying it for the user who made your day a little brighter. That user gets nothing. Their browsing experience is unchanged. Their quality of life is unphased. It is **not** the same as tipping a waiter.

Want to show someone your appreciation while also promoting a happier planet? For the same amount of money you would have wasted on platinum, donate to a charity of your choosing. Send that user a picture of your receipt and inform them that their positive attitude has inspired you to make the world a better place.
                Hey! I’m sorry I’m getting back so late, I saw this reply a while back and had to continue what I was  doing at the time and completely forgot about it. 

I just want to mention that I still stand by what I said, but I can see why you may be concerned. Firstly, I still believe that giving an award on here is similar to (but of course, not equivalent of) giving a tip. If you are gifted with a gold or platinum award, you receive “Reddit Premium” for a certain duration of time. Of course it’s not the best thing in the world, and yes it does mostly just help Reddit, but at least it’s something (which does mean that their browsing experiences aren’t unchanged). Additionally, I feel like you’re mostly flat-out wrong about the quality of life. When most people receive an award, they are grateful and receive a good feeling, as they recognize that they are being appreciated in some way. I know you have gotten awards, and I know that you dislike them, and I know why: it’s because of the negative context they come to you in. The awards you receive on your comments aren’t (from what I’ve seen) to show you how good or insightful your comment was, but rather to poke fun at you and create a sense of irony (as in awarding someone who dislikes the awarding system).

If you’re still truly upset with the amount of money going to Reddit through these awards, there’s another way to approach it. I’m assuming you’re familiar with the website Wikipedia, which hosts millions upon millions of facts and tidbits and information, all placed in articles. Well, Wikipedia accepts donations to keep themselves running. If enough people can’t donate to Wikipedia, they would be forced to shut their servers down. How different is that from Reddit? Of course, they do receive a lot of revenue from their advertisements, but is it wrong to support a platform that supports millions of people daily?

I also think you’re quite hypocritical. You see, you seem to want to make the world a “better place” and a “happier planet”. However, almost without fail, every one of your comments is negatively-spirited. No matter what the topic, no matter the severity of it, you just want to pick fights. That baffles me. If you really, *honestly* , wanted to make the world a better place, your kindness towards others may matter more than the five bucks you’re bragging about donating to charity.

Of course, giving your money to charity is a great thing to do. However, if you’re impressed with someone’s online content, they should reap at least some of the reward. It’s similar to saying to a cab driver, “Hey, that was a great ride, and to show you how much I appreciated it, I’ll give my money to someone else and then send you a picture of the receipt.” 

That’s all I’m gonna write for tonight. If you still have anything, please, just reply back to this! I’m finding this banter to be interesting.
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
                [deleted]
            >that free website

just like how Facebook is "free"

It's cute you think their sole source of income is from reddit gold. Their marketing worked on you.
                [Reddit was projected ](https://www.feedough.com/reddit-make-money-reddit-business-model/) to receive $1B [edit: -999M] from premium memberships in 2017. 

On one hand you are right that if all of these people donated their money the world would be a better place. 

On the other hand the point of this income stream for reddit is to supplement their money from ads. I would wager that without gold, Reddit would probably have to force email registration and go for more targeted ads.
                    That says $1M, not billion FYI
                        I know it doesn’t vindicate me fully but... 

Do we really need precision in the cents? 
Like come on... How could I have known ~besides for the decimal point~
        Edit: thanks for the gold!
        Lmao some kid who hasn't even been here a year thinks he's got reddit all figured out
            The worst type of gatekeeping is when people assume that time = experience
                Well in this case it does. Reddit used to have massive stability issues and funding it was a bit of a crisis. Many people don't have to deal with the ads because they use a 3rd party service. The only legitimate concern with gold is that it's one of the only excuses they have for not banning the orange subreddit, since they gild more than any other.
        Like, I know you're new but Reddit Gold *genuinely* saved this website back in the day. It doesn't do anything or help anyone except keep reddit going.  If you don't like reddit... why are you here?
            That was true back in the day, but nowadays? They make so much ad revnue I don't think it genuinely matters.
I love that what you did, quit to cancel the game, caused the kind of positivity that is otherwise never seen in the game.
Absolute madlad
    Insanity is defined as the doing the same thing over and over again but expecting different things. This man broke the mold. He is the change we need.

Insanity? No, this man is the most sane of us. God speed, soldier.
You're a good person.
Legend. Nicely done.
I'm not your friend, guy.
    Hi not your friend, guy., I'm dad.
Looks like horizon to me
    Yeah I thought so too but wasn’t sure
        Yeah, Horizon
            My first guess was Paris.
                Anubis 2nd point is the only time I ever  mildly enjoy 2 cp.
                    Well are you mental??
                        He's terminal.
                    I like Volskaya solely because it's a good Doom map, and also first point Anubis (defending), but those are the only two exceptions. 2cp can suck my cock and balls
                        ^^I ^^think ^^Hanamura ^^is ^^quite ^^okay
                            That's not okay to say
                            Nah, Hanamura 1st point sucks to cap. 2nd is fun.
                    I think the appeal of 2CP changes with character preference. I don't know. I like it best, personally.
                        I don't have anything against 2cp either, but I love playing Orisa. So you're probably correct about character preference.
                            Same, play a lot of Orisa. She plays best when you can bunker down.
                    This is too much too bear 🐻
                Paris is by far the worst map imo
                    Havana would like a word..

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

also shouldn't the maps be getting better not worse
                        maps are getting worse

heroes are getting worse (either cancer like brig doom or basically not played like ashe)
                            I don't mind Brigitte that much, and I see a decent bit of Ashe.  I absolutely resent Moira's kit design though.  Very unpleasant to play with AND against.  On your team, it feels as if she just DPSes while you beg for healing beside her until you die.  On the enemy team, so much unavoidable damage and impossible to 1v1 due to self-healing and escape.  Not overpowered, just incredibly anti-fun.  Worse than Mei IMO
                    I still think HLC is worse than Paris. Paris sucks, but not any worse than the other assault maps. Horizon is on another level of shittyness in my opinion.
                        I wonder why most people feel this way. Horizon used to be my favorite map in the game before the edits. Now, I still really like it (my favorite 2cp map for whatever that's worth), but definitely not my favorite anymore after the edits. Paris on the other hand is hot garbage. Terrible shitty map. Point b is garbage on that map. 

Why is horizon in particular so annoying to you and others?

P.S. I'm in the numbani club for favorite map
                            I guess for me I’ve had both terrible and amazing experiences on every map, even horizon, but it seems more times then not I have a shitty experience on horizon. I think both points are annoying to attack, where as Paris I don’t think point A is so bad. I agree that Paris B is very annoying. If you don’t get a good snowball going after the first point there’s a good chance you won’t get B.

And I know I’m in the minority as far as Paris goes. I haven’t been playing comp nearly as much as I used to so I haven’t had as many bad experiences with Paris as with other maps.
                            Every single time I play on Horizon, the moment we step out into the open it's just Bastion and hitscans annihilating us instantly.  So I try to flank them while my team cowers in the corridors on the left for 5 minutes until we lose

It's just the same thing every single time.  Immortal enemy bastion, we're sitting ducks in an open corridor, begging team to be aggressive with me instead of AFKing in fear till we lose.  Over and over and over again.
                    I actually love Paris, it's a great Sombra map
            No wonder he wanted to leave
            100% with you, hate this map so much. the changes didnt help at all.
    I realised after i  read the comments that i just automatically assumed it was horizon because of the grey,
    Doesn't look like anything to me.
    I havent played this game since moiras release(and since the torb and sym rework i really have no reason to either) and horison is still the same...
 Good to see
My money is on HLC
    My dude what is your flair lol
        back when this individual played Overwatch Mercy could rez her entire team and the meta was 3 tank 2 support and probably Soldier or something
            You hit the nail on the head.
                I remember the days of whole team rezzes. My favorite time ever is still when the enemy mercy got off almost a full team rez so zarya gravved them and I nuked the grav.
                    To me it feels like it was just yesterday. Strange how OP it seems now a day. But it was a bad way to play, having mercy Bob around with her ult ready for the entire match until something happens.
                    Ah, the good ol' days of my team screaming "FIND THE MERCY" "KILL HER FIRST BEFORE SHE REZZEZ" "WHERE IS THEIR MERCY?"
                        its weird how much I miss that
                            It was restrictive because is basically forced someone to play mercy, but helped to rally the team together. I miss it as well.
                        Or simply the requirement of having her on your team.
    Me too
2 CP is a good game mode that is fun for the whole family :)
I'm just coming back to OW after a break. I think I'd rather play on horizon than paris
    Yeah I kinda like Horizon after they updated it. Paris is awful. :(
        I'm pretty new to coming back as well. What did they update?
            On the first point they made it easier to access high ground on defense and added some extra cover up there too. On second point they made the path from spawn to point longer to reduce endless stalling, and there’s some extra cover behind/above the point too.

They also added a bunch of nice visual improvements, there’s some greenery now and extra color which makes the map look less drab and more appealing. 

That’s all I can remember right now but I think they made some other minor improvements to the map design too.
        just the absolute worst
    Definitely. Horizon isn't nearly as awful as Paris imo. The moment we get to Paris or Busan, I'm already annoyed before the match even begins. 😫
        I love both those maps. Anubis, volskaya, hanamura, anything you basically need to teamkill the enemy team for, is awful. Objective maps, and also control points (lijiang, nepal) are ++.
    Here I am, loving both of these maps like a chump.
     Unpopular opinion I actually like Paris
        Same, tbh I don't really dislike any of the maps.
            sounds like you just have loose standards
                I guess?  But tbh I just don't hate any of the maps, I 'd sooner hate my teammates then the map tbh.
                    Yeah, same.
i dont think it can be an opinion when its objectively wrong
    [deleted]
        \-------------the joke--------------->

&#x200B;

\*You\*
            [deleted]
                I'm with you. I've been seeing people use "objectively" incorrectly a lot lately just like "literally" started to get overused incorrectly. It drives me crazy lol
                    I only Ban one word from my twitch chat.  And it is "literally".
                        Literally only bans one word
                it was pretty clearly a joke
                    [deleted]
                        LOL did you go through my post history for this

LOL mad
            He's not the one to blame if your joke just sucks.
                It's not mine, you know that?
It's not that your opinion is wrong, it's that you're wrong that you hold said opinion. You actually think it's bad and are in denial.
Unpopular opinion IMO Numbani is even less fun than Horizon.
same i love playing defense on it
Unpopular opinion: I really like 2CP and hate KOTH with a burning passion.
    Are there people that actually like KOTH cause I very much dislike it
I wish more fighting went on outside the airlocks
I really like it when the games go well, but it’s by far the worst map of your team refuses to work together. 2cp is generally shitty if your team won’t cooperate, but most of the other maps either force you all to go the same way or you can all get to the point doing your own thing. It’s ridiculously easy to pick off solo attackers on Horizon which is why it’s so common to get a tie there.
I like it much more than Hanamura or Temple of Anubis.
Same. If my team would flipping group up and not scatter, we could defend.
I like the map it's a fun map I just hate playing on it lol, especially attack with a bad team
It’s almost like we should be able to pick the maps we want to play on since everyone has different tastes. Some people enjoy 2CP, let them play it. Some people enjoy KOTH, let them play it.
    TF2 actually has that exact system in place. You can even choose what specific maps you want to play on, so if you want to just play one map for your entire session, you can!
        CS:GO does too, that’s why it’s insane that we have to keep playing these garbage maps.
Horizon is my favorite 2CP map. But i hate every 2 CP map so...
    In my opinion Paris is the worst 2CP map
I actually enjoy blizzard world. Curious as to why you hate it. Every map can't be a reskin of Kings Row but st least it's not 2CP with extra steps like Numbani
I hate Rialto. And Route 66.

Edit: just, like, my opinion, man.
    You don't like Rialto, aka Hamster's Paradise?
    Rialto's pretty fun imo
When your the only one who doesn’t get peer pressured into saying no
Horizon I can tolerate, but I fucking LOATHE Paris.

There's something about that map that just doesn't appeal to me at all.
    That very first choke point... it's the bane of my 2200SR existence.
        One day I had a team that without chat moved as a fucking squad and we destroyed that first check point. 

Basically I as Brig. shielded that chokepoint just long enough for everyone to run left into the bakery, then team waited for shield and we ran to the next building on the left then up the balcony and stormed the point from the side like a damn swat team while half the enemy team was still at that choke point apparently thinking only one or two people made it past...

Frankly, I don't think we could have done it better if we had coms...
            One day, as Lucio, I speed boosted at the choke and everyone ~~W~~-A-S-D'ed really fast and spent the next 80 years shooting from the choke trying to get a pick. Legend has it, all 5 of those team members are still there, shooting from the choke, hoping for a pick.

If you listen closely on the Paris map, you can hear the distant, haunted cries of "BARRIER BROKEN" and "I NEED HEALING". If you do hear it, that's those 5 players, eternally trapped at the choke, trying to get a pick.

I left after the match was over, but they didn't. Still there. To this day. Shooting from the choke.

True story.
        Play wrecking ball. They'll chase you, then your team can take choke for free while you kite them around.
            Also works as Winston if you're like me and suck as Wrecking Ball.
                Winston does work. Trickier though, because leap has long cooldown. Once you use it, you're nothing but an ult battery unless your team IMMEDIATELY follows up and covers you.
                    Jump on the platform, they shoot you, you drop down and bubble. Then your team should be through and you have jump back. 

&#x200B;

The problem with Paris is that strats like these only work when your team uses that window of opportunity. In gold people sit in the choke trying to break the Orisa shield
                Hi me too lol
            But that implies that my team will actually push, which they won’t at my low rank.
                "I dont want to die so I'm not going to push"
            Don't be telling too many people my strategy to attack first point Hanamura that for some reason works nearly every single time
            I would play him if he weren't disabled
        The one strat that I find helps is if a Wreckingball swings up right before the choke and jumps the roof tops to the left. He can head right for the point. It forces the team away from the choke and it allows your team to push. 

I haven’t seen many expecting it.
        I usually play Hammond on attack and as soon as my team hits the choke, I go over the top left opening and then get behind the enemy team and boop them off the high ground. It's usually easy pickings from there because their team is separated and then you can just boop off the ones that pull back to the point.
        Go Hammond and boop them off high ground for an easy cap.
        It has so many angles of attack for Wrecking Ball, it’s my favorite in the game.
    I don't mind Paris too much because it's basically a mirrored Anubis with slight changes. That being said, Anubis is one of my least favorites.
        Holy fuck...I never realized it but now that I think about it that’s so true. Paris really is a mirrored Anubis. Goddamn you just fucked up my night
            Holy fuck yeah, didn't notice it either, but I feel like Anubis is atleat Abit more fun as a torb you could place turrets up high, Paris you can't, it feels so flat
                IKR??? Such a shit map I don’t understand how all of Blizzards level designers went “hmmm yes this is good Paris good very good level”
            The first choke on Paris is way worse though. The central column in Anubis breaks LOS and you can go both left or right shortly after.

Paris is similar indeed, but you get shot at from the second you round the corner and keep getting shot up as you go into each direction. Police station is nearly always suicide, and left side around takes too long.
        Can't you say that about all 2cp?

First point is a choke.

Second point is 90 degrees the other way, and is a long forward stretch with some optional routes left and right.

Seems to fit horizon and volskaya too.
    At least Paris is pretty to look at.

They might as well make the whole Horizon zero gravity, at least it would be different.
        >because our new moon map is such a unique opportunity we added a unique surface-of-the-moon low G area

>which is a longer version of the route immediately adjacent to it, separates you from your team and offers close to nil defensive or offensive benefit

They could cut that section and it would still take the community a few weeks to notice
    Funny, I really don't like any 2cp maps, but I like Paris the most out of them
    Paris sucks asshole.
    Probably the french?
    Just run dive lawl
    Hanamura. Just screw this map. I know how to play around any map, but Hanamura? Fuck it.
    First point choke fucking sucks, terrible design. You can't design a choke point with high ground right in front of said choke without alternate routes. Going left still sucks because all the bunker comp has to do is shift ever so slightly to the right. Going right sucks cause they can just clog up the doorway. Second point isn't too bad in my experience.
    Same, just an overall boring map, i also don't really like the whole look of the map.
I like Paris. But my favorite map rn is Havana (ooh na na)
    Someone was like "eW pOp MuSiC" when I said that once
        Lol really? Usually I get people reply with the same.
        Probably because it's trash
    [Ditto.](https://youtu.be/Nqc8lK92K7E)
    Waiting for the east Atlanta map
    Oh god, Havana is one of the worst maps in the game.
        That’s your opinion. No need to yuck my yum
            Nah, not my opinion at all.
I was stating a well known fact.
                Doubling down? Why
    How the fuck is that possible
        How is what
            You enjoy Havana and Paris? How
                Because they’re fun to play on. How do you like the things that you do? Because you find them fun.
Horizon is actually my favorite 2cp, but, ya know...
Paris was my immediate thought too
Paris is my favorite map :( I fucking hate hanamura
Modern horizons is pretty good
    You planeswalked into the wrong sub.
        Shit this isn’t Serra’s realm I’ve  been asleep for 3000 years and wanted to check up on her do you know how to get there?
            Sure. Can you fit into the Weatherlights core?
Not trying to troll you or anything but why?????
    Not who you asked but I'll take ***ANY*** 2CP map over KotH. ^((except I'll take Ilios over Paris))

The rework of the map really did fix a lot of it's more frustrating issues; it's biggest issues currently are the second point issues that plague EVERY 2CP map in the game (mainly the close defender spawns and the too-open-ness of them). First point has lots of corners to hide behind right next to it, allowing for a lot of jiggling that other 2CP maps lack (like the pillar in the back, most of the others are just kind of... boxes with four entrances on the faces and a skylight, whereas the entrances on Horizon are both taller, distributed differently, and the 'sky' entrance can be accessed by characters that normally can't, since flying is not required to reach it). It's also one of the few 2CP maps that feels like it's harder to get spawn-camped on attack (unlike Anubis or Volskaya, for example). You have plenty of options to work with and many characters are viable on it. You can play meta or cheese comps. 

I don't understand the hate for Horizon. It provides variety in your options, which can often lead to devolved/unclear fights, which I guess is the reason a lot of people don't like it?
        I think a lot of people hate it because it’s like the only 2cp map that favors offense. I will admit it’s better since it’s rework but it’s still my least favorite map
            Fair enough I guess.
        ilios is the best map in the game and control maps > 2cp by far IMO
            I hate KotH type stuff in any and every video game I've ever played, so I know it's just a personal preference, but I just can't stand them.

And you think Ilios is better than King's Row? Huh. Never heard that one before.
    Tbh I just tend to have fun on it, it's unique and I've had all kinds of great memories running all kinds of different strats
The big wrong
D.va’s map is the shit.
    Which map is Dva's map?
        Busan.
Do it
    do it, do it, do it, do it, do it!
    Dew it*
I vote we kill him.
fucking bunker comp every single fucking time on fucking paris. i have a strong hate for horizon but paris... that shit is a whole ‘nother shitshow.
    For Paris point A just run Symm + Lucio, take the right path out of spawn, use tele to move through choke (port to the left side of enemy high ground), then speed to point.

Set up sym turrets and make them come fight your team on point.

I've had about an 80% win rate with this strat, but only in Plat or lower.
        Going to the point generally wins 2CP more than choke-dancing for 4 minutes.
        I mean.. any situation becomes trivial to overcome if you have a coordinated team like that.
    Bunker every time is too real.
    I mean, it's the same reason you see bunker on point a of ~~Oasis~~ Anubis. It's really the only solid way to hold that choke since the map gives you the high ground.

The difference is there's no partial cover for attackers in Paris. No big health pack in the cafe, and no cover for flankers to actually flank the high ground. It's just a shittier version of ~~Oasis~~ Anubis, which is already a shitty point.

Edit: fixed a dumb
        Oasis? Do you mean Anubis? Oasis is a KOTH map
            .... Shit. Yes.
    Try Wrecking Ball.  I haven't experienced any of the grief of anyone in this thread with Paris, and I've realized this is because I almost exclusively play Wrecking Ball and the map is fantastic for him.  So many fun areas to spiderman around, disrupt teams, get them chasing you, hook onto fixtures and statues and spin around for 20 seconds knocking anyone around you back, etc. etc.
    There are so many ways to break a bunker it's not too bad.
I don't understand why Blizzard has such a hard-on for crazy tight chokes. Eichenwalde, Paris, Volskaya, etc, are just a slog on Attack.
    At least for Volskaya you have the truck as partial cover. Paris, Eichenwalde, etc, you have nothing. You lose. Good day sir
    Because it’s a lazy and easy way to make a guaranteed map obstacle that defenders can hold and attackers have to break
[deleted]
    Really? I love some of the maps they've added.
        My favourite map is Blizzard World
    Big fan of Eichenwald and Oasis though (right?)
        I fuckin love Oasis though. It’s a great map for flankers.
    Blizzard World and Eichenwald are both solid maps. I think all hybrid maps are great though, and I feel like it's easily the best mode in the game. So liking those two maps could definitely come from liking the mode played on them.
    I have not heard a lot of hate about junkertown. One of the few maps I see where people actually use a lot of the alternate routes constantly through the map. Most heros appear to have windows to be successful.
        It used to get aggressively hated on but it’s died down as people have come to dislike newer maps
    Havana and Paris can go for me. Havana is just too long. Paris has the same problem original Eichenwalde had it has one door you can run through with no cover...shocked they diddnt learn a lesson from that
        Havana is too long? What the fuck does that even fuckin mean?
    Maybe you should stop playing the game.
That's more indicative of how incredibly shit Paris is than how good Horizon is.
Please do, I'm pretty sure nobody would actually be upset by that
I'm fine with 2CP in general, I just hate Horizon in particular.
    *Paris has entered the chat*
    I haven't had a 2cp match in comp since the update, I'm curious to see if it's better.
        It’s not
        Lucky.
Those are my favorite maps :(
Yeah someone mentioned that the mode should still be random, which I agree with. And I also agree that having an actual pick-rate could show harder data on what maps people dislike rather than basing redesigns on win rates and forum posts.
Nothing too bad, just a hairline fracture from spraining my ankle. Should be good in 2-6 weeks, but I gotta keep my foot in a boot for the mean time.
    So more OW is on the schedule xD
        Nah man, I actually uninstalled straight after I left. I got to Top 40 in like Season 11, and ever since then, the game hasn't been fun. I kept going back to it, but never got anything out of it. Sometimes I played with my friends on smurf accounts, like this one (since our SR was too different) , but alas, all good things have to come to an end.
            I hear ya. When you keep lowering the skill floor so newbies can feel competitive, any game will start to die.
Bronze-Gold is a crapshoot.
    The crapshoot does go higher, it just diminishes somewhat.
        A bigger lie has never been told
    I climbed the ranks on my DPS account from bronze to low plat over 3-4 seasons (I main healers, high plat).

Bronze players just don't know what they are doing in the slightest, and most have garbage aim. Most of the players here are not toxic.

Silver players play for the fun of it, the vast majority are good people, good players, not mechanically gifted, and not super aware of what is going on.

Low gold, about the same as silver, but a little more toxic players and a bit better mechanically.

High gold: the scum of the earth. Over 100 games played at this level just this season alone, not even 100 SR difference. For every game you claw out a win, there are 2 games where people throw, are seriously toxic, will pick characters they don't know how to play for unknown reasons (tell me you have never seen a will-always-charge Rein). It's a shit show.
        Would explain my fall from 2300s to 2100s.
            Yup, this season is the worse so far in gold, so much stupid play, so many throwers and griefers, and the games that don't have those are still so hard to win. I'm not really sure why, but with the replay now we can get a bit more info... If the damn keybinds freaking worked...
                Knowing what my teammates did or failed to do doesn't really seem relevant to me, simply because I have no real control over what my teammate does.

I think my real concern is those who will use the replay system to seek a means of blaming/griefing someone. Rather than  learning how to play better.
                    Not so much about what they did wrong in that sense. More like what could I have done better, especially in situations where they did wrong.

Did I go in with the wrong guy because I got carried away? Should I have paid more attention to where half the team was going? Why was half the team not with us, etc.

For example I found out one of our nearly successful pushes failed because half the team turned around to fight Doomfist, so us tanks didn't have heals and while Rein had a good shatter, nobody was there to follow up. Naturally nobody fighting Doomy called that out...

I wished the replay system decided voice comms too. Rly wanted to see if I missed the call for Doom or if they didn't call it.

In either case, being more aware of what the team was up to would have saved us from wasting ults.
        Honestly, as someone who's climbed from 1645 to 2920, 2400-2600 is easily the most cancerous spot. I hit a wall at about 2900, but that's due to it being where I belong, I've fallen to the gold / plat border and it's honestly horrible trying to get to mid plat again. I quit comp this season, not worth it.
            If it's hard for you in gold, you don't belong in plat.
                I decided to learn off tank, and fell to 2490 as the lowest the past season, I climb immediately up to high plat again. High, I've maintained a 54% wr this season overall, and a 60% on all main tanks, and over 80% on orisa. I've currently got a 50%+ on d.va and hog but I'm struggling with Zarya. As we speak I'm at 2803. High gold, I had 4 games in a row where someone legitimately jumped off the cliff because they didn't like our comp or we lost first point quickly. People give up waaaay too easy, and hard stuck players are extremely hateful and blame everyone but themselves. My biggest issue climb out of that Sr, was that I was having issues with bubble management on zarya and couldn't maintain high charge. It finally clicked and I went 19-3 to finish in high platinum.
                True that
        Plat is the worst imo everyone thinks they are god's. Only mid diamond will people actually work together and create decent team comps.
            The trench never ends my dude, no one gives a shit about team comps in gm either
            Yea that's also true, but I still find it's worse in gold.
        Surprisingly, that didn't happen for me this season. The three games separating me from plat went smoothly, and the people in comms were chill and making good calls. After that though, I've been too scared to attempt any more matches as I got lucky through that session.
            That was partially the reason why I got a second account. One where I would play for fun and just try to do well but not get too bent out of shape of I lost.

So now if I lose on my main, I get really bummed out.

If I lose on my alt account, I get furious lol, mostly because it's due to trolls / throwers. (I don't rage most times, but throwers will do that to you)
    Once your in Plat it's a mixed basket, but it's a far step up from the flaming remains of excrement that is low gold
        Got up to 2330 this season so far. After 2 days of garbage teams back down to 2100.
            Haha, for the first time this season I finally placed in very low Plat, I tied twice and only won 4 times. 

One of my placements I was with 5 other golds, against 6 golds. We lost the first round of Junker Town by a landslide, everything seemed lost, and tension was building. On defence the turntables were quick, and either one or both of these happened at once: 

-all my teammates gained enough IQ to get to average
-the enemy team developed dysfunctional autism. 

Somehow, some way, we started winning. 

Even if the braindead-walking-garage-sale-for-brains Lucio kept giving out the worst call outside. For Christ sake he told us to retreat after I got a triple shatter as rein, thank god nobody listened to *that* above other things they did listen to. 

Think that is a wild Comp game? 

Here's the real ringer, final placement was on hanamura, overtime timer is going down and were all trickleing in to try and just reset the timer on second point. 

I if I had time, I would count the pixels left on the goddamn bar, because Doomfist somehow reset it. 

The next two minutes that ensued were the most chaotic I've ever seen on  that map, as every player was desperate to stay on the damn point as if they had a real gun to their head. I'll see if I can grab the replay videos using the new system.
            That's where you belong
                Probs. 

This is a weak ass troll attempt.
                    Just stating the truth, if everyone around you is garbage then you're garbage too
                        Lol you're just being a cunt obviously. There's no truth in your statement.  Just a child's attitude and outlook; trying to antagonize because no ones gives you enough attention. Lol
                            Keep blaming other people then whenever you lose, good life attitude
    Bronze-Low Diamond. Everyone in diamond is either a smurf or throws because they think they deserve to be higher rated
        Def sounds like silver to me. 'Cept people throwing to bronze because they just want to.
    Plat player here. Don't worry it's still shit.
    Bronze-GM is a crapshoot.
Low master, shitty people are everywhere even top 500
    I wish I could get into masters as an idiot.
        I wish you had better jokes.
Oh, so is it possible to be banned from competitive as a whole
    Competitive as a season, yes. As a whole i’m not completely sure, my comment may have been worded badly.
    If you're banned from enough seasons you get banned forever.
        Oof
From my experience, your first suspension in a while starts at 10min. From there it goes to 30min, 1hr, 2hr, 24hr, and then if you did all of those in a quick enough timespan (All in about 1-2weeks) you'll get banned for the entire season.
    Interesting, I’m pretty sure that the time varies depending on matches played so it ends up not being consistent.
        Probably, what I said is just from my experience
I've actually only played Paris and Havana once each as I've taken a lot of time off.
    havana isn’t nearly as bad as paris bf a mix of long lanes and small rooms help with situational heroes like doom and widow so there’s occasional variety
False facts homie lol
    opinions cant be false, thats why its called an opinion.
        It was a joke

You’re right

But it was a joke
You mean something like wow's BG thing where you can choose 2 BGs you never want to do?
    You'd have to fill me in on what BG means in terms of stuff for WoW, as it's not a game I've played.
        BG is Battle Grounds, aka PVP instances
            Ahh, okay.  In that case, yes.
Nah, I like payload and 2cp
    You monster
        Koth just isn't fun, plus I loved payload and cp in tf2
[deleted]
    Anubis allows for so many different approaches, though. slow push left side, dive on the main highground, slow push right side etc. the second point is the same, it's very versatile and allows for a lot of different comps to be played. I know what you mean with Hanamura, the first point is kinda meh for me too, but the second point is great.
Koth is way worse then 2CP
    This variance in opinion is probably based on the hero you play. Chances are a Lucio main will love KOTH, but a Pharah main may hate it because of certain maps.
        As a Rein player I despise it
            Rein main here, love me some koth
                I don't know how, I only like Nepal, it's so annoying getting flanked and cheesed all the time
                    I just love getting down in an all out brawl, nothing more fun that w+m1
And the Robot Lady in the Attackers Entrance
I like its aesthetic in general. It's a really pretty environment although that has little relevance to it being a good competitive map.
As long as you don't rejoin the queue immediately after, then it's still the same lobby.
    Nah leaving that early insta kills it
        In my experience if everyone rejoined queue instantly they'd be put back into the same map with the same players... I assumed thats just how it worked.
            Usually yea. Unless my internet is slow, when leaving that early it instantly starts the timer to end the game in 9 seconds. Maybe for me it's over by the time I get to load screen
That’s what I thought, thx
Fair, but I always tend to have fun on it one way or another, if the defenders take high ground you take point or contest it, there's options
For Real!
I consider you a hero for thinking.
    That's all I ever wanted to be, a hero. 😭😭
Damn i didnt even notice that
    Thnx
Donate your money to a charity instead. Reddit gold doesn't do anything or help anyone.
    I'm hoping this was a reference to the breathtaking guy
        Your Breathtaking... No you're breathtaking-Keanu Reeves
        [deleted]
            Damn go off


Edit: why spend time downvoting me and not opening up a Tab for a Cause?
                [I already have](https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/) what's your excuse?
                    Oh yeah I went into your post history to see if you were a fan of something in particular and then I saw that post. From there I knew you at least felt earnestly about this.
            Wut
    [deleted]
        Why are you so angry? Had a bad day?
            Your whole reddit comment history jus you being angry and having a bunch of bad days, man.
                [deleted]
                    How did I prove your point little guy
                        Lol, I'm getting middle school flashbacks from this thread
            He needs healing.
    I’d like to think of Reddit awards as something along the lines of:

“Hey you helped me out with this” or “Hey I was entertained by this”, kind of like paying a bit for a person’s expertise or a snippet of a comedy or drama show. It’s like tipping a waiter or a delivery driver for providing good service. It makes the person feel good when receiving it.

Not to mention, it also helps Reddit run so that millions can be entertained by thousands upon thousands of fandoms and enthusiasts. It’s all a generally wholesome cycle. 

I really want you to reply, as I’m interested in hearing your side of this!
        https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/

I understand your perspective and still disagree.

Reddit management is not providing a selfless product. They do not look out for your best interest. Unpaid volunteers have created these communities and tirelessly upkeep them. On multiple occasions, the administration has shown that they promote particular political agendas. They punish communities that don't appeal to advertisers. Donating money to wealthy executives promotes this toxic attitude.

When you buy Reddit awards, you are not buying it for the user who made your day a little brighter. That user gets nothing. Their browsing experience is unchanged. Their quality of life is unphased. It is **not** the same as tipping a waiter.

Want to show someone your appreciation while also promoting a happier planet? For the same amount of money you would have wasted on platinum, donate to a charity of your choosing. Send that user a picture of your receipt and inform them that their positive attitude has inspired you to make the world a better place.
            Hey! I’m sorry I’m getting back so late, I saw this reply a while back and had to continue what I was  doing at the time and completely forgot about it. 

I just want to mention that I still stand by what I said, but I can see why you may be concerned. Firstly, I still believe that giving an award on here is similar to (but of course, not equivalent of) giving a tip. If you are gifted with a gold or platinum award, you receive “Reddit Premium” for a certain duration of time. Of course it’s not the best thing in the world, and yes it does mostly just help Reddit, but at least it’s something (which does mean that their browsing experiences aren’t unchanged). Additionally, I feel like you’re mostly flat-out wrong about the quality of life. When most people receive an award, they are grateful and receive a good feeling, as they recognize that they are being appreciated in some way. I know you have gotten awards, and I know that you dislike them, and I know why: it’s because of the negative context they come to you in. The awards you receive on your comments aren’t (from what I’ve seen) to show you how good or insightful your comment was, but rather to poke fun at you and create a sense of irony (as in awarding someone who dislikes the awarding system).

If you’re still truly upset with the amount of money going to Reddit through these awards, there’s another way to approach it. I’m assuming you’re familiar with the website Wikipedia, which hosts millions upon millions of facts and tidbits and information, all placed in articles. Well, Wikipedia accepts donations to keep themselves running. If enough people can’t donate to Wikipedia, they would be forced to shut their servers down. How different is that from Reddit? Of course, they do receive a lot of revenue from their advertisements, but is it wrong to support a platform that supports millions of people daily?

I also think you’re quite hypocritical. You see, you seem to want to make the world a “better place” and a “happier planet”. However, almost without fail, every one of your comments is negatively-spirited. No matter what the topic, no matter the severity of it, you just want to pick fights. That baffles me. If you really, *honestly* , wanted to make the world a better place, your kindness towards others may matter more than the five bucks you’re bragging about donating to charity.

Of course, giving your money to charity is a great thing to do. However, if you’re impressed with someone’s online content, they should reap at least some of the reward. It’s similar to saying to a cab driver, “Hey, that was a great ride, and to show you how much I appreciated it, I’ll give my money to someone else and then send you a picture of the receipt.” 

That’s all I’m gonna write for tonight. If you still have anything, please, just reply back to this! I’m finding this banter to be interesting.
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
        >that free website

just like how Facebook is "free"

It's cute you think their sole source of income is from reddit gold. Their marketing worked on you.
            [Reddit was projected ](https://www.feedough.com/reddit-make-money-reddit-business-model/) to receive $1B [edit: -999M] from premium memberships in 2017. 

On one hand you are right that if all of these people donated their money the world would be a better place. 

On the other hand the point of this income stream for reddit is to supplement their money from ads. I would wager that without gold, Reddit would probably have to force email registration and go for more targeted ads.
                That says $1M, not billion FYI
                    I know it doesn’t vindicate me fully but... 

Do we really need precision in the cents? 
Like come on... How could I have known ~besides for the decimal point~
    Edit: thanks for the gold!
    Lmao some kid who hasn't even been here a year thinks he's got reddit all figured out
        The worst type of gatekeeping is when people assume that time = experience
            Well in this case it does. Reddit used to have massive stability issues and funding it was a bit of a crisis. Many people don't have to deal with the ads because they use a 3rd party service. The only legitimate concern with gold is that it's one of the only excuses they have for not banning the orange subreddit, since they gild more than any other.
    Like, I know you're new but Reddit Gold *genuinely* saved this website back in the day. It doesn't do anything or help anyone except keep reddit going.  If you don't like reddit... why are you here?
        That was true back in the day, but nowadays? They make so much ad revnue I don't think it genuinely matters.
Insanity is defined as the doing the same thing over and over again but expecting different things. This man broke the mold. He is the change we need.

Insanity? No, this man is the most sane of us. God speed, soldier.
Hi not your friend, guy., I'm dad.
Yeah I thought so too but wasn’t sure
    Yeah, Horizon
        My first guess was Paris.
            Anubis 2nd point is the only time I ever  mildly enjoy 2 cp.
                Well are you mental??
                    He's terminal.
                I like Volskaya solely because it's a good Doom map, and also first point Anubis (defending), but those are the only two exceptions. 2cp can suck my cock and balls
                    ^^I ^^think ^^Hanamura ^^is ^^quite ^^okay
                        That's not okay to say
                        Nah, Hanamura 1st point sucks to cap. 2nd is fun.
                I think the appeal of 2CP changes with character preference. I don't know. I like it best, personally.
                    I don't have anything against 2cp either, but I love playing Orisa. So you're probably correct about character preference.
                        Same, play a lot of Orisa. She plays best when you can bunker down.
                This is too much too bear 🐻
            Paris is by far the worst map imo
                Havana would like a word..

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

also shouldn't the maps be getting better not worse
                    maps are getting worse

heroes are getting worse (either cancer like brig doom or basically not played like ashe)
                        I don't mind Brigitte that much, and I see a decent bit of Ashe.  I absolutely resent Moira's kit design though.  Very unpleasant to play with AND against.  On your team, it feels as if she just DPSes while you beg for healing beside her until you die.  On the enemy team, so much unavoidable damage and impossible to 1v1 due to self-healing and escape.  Not overpowered, just incredibly anti-fun.  Worse than Mei IMO
                I still think HLC is worse than Paris. Paris sucks, but not any worse than the other assault maps. Horizon is on another level of shittyness in my opinion.
                    I wonder why most people feel this way. Horizon used to be my favorite map in the game before the edits. Now, I still really like it (my favorite 2cp map for whatever that's worth), but definitely not my favorite anymore after the edits. Paris on the other hand is hot garbage. Terrible shitty map. Point b is garbage on that map. 

Why is horizon in particular so annoying to you and others?

P.S. I'm in the numbani club for favorite map
                        I guess for me I’ve had both terrible and amazing experiences on every map, even horizon, but it seems more times then not I have a shitty experience on horizon. I think both points are annoying to attack, where as Paris I don’t think point A is so bad. I agree that Paris B is very annoying. If you don’t get a good snowball going after the first point there’s a good chance you won’t get B.

And I know I’m in the minority as far as Paris goes. I haven’t been playing comp nearly as much as I used to so I haven’t had as many bad experiences with Paris as with other maps.
                        Every single time I play on Horizon, the moment we step out into the open it's just Bastion and hitscans annihilating us instantly.  So I try to flank them while my team cowers in the corridors on the left for 5 minutes until we lose

It's just the same thing every single time.  Immortal enemy bastion, we're sitting ducks in an open corridor, begging team to be aggressive with me instead of AFKing in fear till we lose.  Over and over and over again.
                I actually love Paris, it's a great Sombra map
        No wonder he wanted to leave
        100% with you, hate this map so much. the changes didnt help at all.
I realised after i  read the comments that i just automatically assumed it was horizon because of the grey,
Doesn't look like anything to me.
I havent played this game since moiras release(and since the torb and sym rework i really have no reason to either) and horison is still the same...
 Good to see
My dude what is your flair lol
    back when this individual played Overwatch Mercy could rez her entire team and the meta was 3 tank 2 support and probably Soldier or something
        You hit the nail on the head.
            I remember the days of whole team rezzes. My favorite time ever is still when the enemy mercy got off almost a full team rez so zarya gravved them and I nuked the grav.
                To me it feels like it was just yesterday. Strange how OP it seems now a day. But it was a bad way to play, having mercy Bob around with her ult ready for the entire match until something happens.
                Ah, the good ol' days of my team screaming "FIND THE MERCY" "KILL HER FIRST BEFORE SHE REZZEZ" "WHERE IS THEIR MERCY?"
                    its weird how much I miss that
                        It was restrictive because is basically forced someone to play mercy, but helped to rally the team together. I miss it as well.
                    Or simply the requirement of having her on your team.
Me too
Yeah I kinda like Horizon after they updated it. Paris is awful. :(
    I'm pretty new to coming back as well. What did they update?
        On the first point they made it easier to access high ground on defense and added some extra cover up there too. On second point they made the path from spawn to point longer to reduce endless stalling, and there’s some extra cover behind/above the point too.

They also added a bunch of nice visual improvements, there’s some greenery now and extra color which makes the map look less drab and more appealing. 

That’s all I can remember right now but I think they made some other minor improvements to the map design too.
    just the absolute worst
Definitely. Horizon isn't nearly as awful as Paris imo. The moment we get to Paris or Busan, I'm already annoyed before the match even begins. 😫
    I love both those maps. Anubis, volskaya, hanamura, anything you basically need to teamkill the enemy team for, is awful. Objective maps, and also control points (lijiang, nepal) are ++.
Here I am, loving both of these maps like a chump.
 Unpopular opinion I actually like Paris
    Same, tbh I don't really dislike any of the maps.
        sounds like you just have loose standards
            I guess?  But tbh I just don't hate any of the maps, I 'd sooner hate my teammates then the map tbh.
                Yeah, same.
[deleted]
    \-------------the joke--------------->

&#x200B;

\*You\*
        [deleted]
            I'm with you. I've been seeing people use "objectively" incorrectly a lot lately just like "literally" started to get overused incorrectly. It drives me crazy lol
                I only Ban one word from my twitch chat.  And it is "literally".
                    Literally only bans one word
            it was pretty clearly a joke
                [deleted]
                    LOL did you go through my post history for this

LOL mad
        He's not the one to blame if your joke just sucks.
            It's not mine, you know that?
Are there people that actually like KOTH cause I very much dislike it
TF2 actually has that exact system in place. You can even choose what specific maps you want to play on, so if you want to just play one map for your entire session, you can!
    CS:GO does too, that’s why it’s insane that we have to keep playing these garbage maps.
In my opinion Paris is the worst 2CP map
You don't like Rialto, aka Hamster's Paradise?
Rialto's pretty fun imo
That very first choke point... it's the bane of my 2200SR existence.
    One day I had a team that without chat moved as a fucking squad and we destroyed that first check point. 

Basically I as Brig. shielded that chokepoint just long enough for everyone to run left into the bakery, then team waited for shield and we ran to the next building on the left then up the balcony and stormed the point from the side like a damn swat team while half the enemy team was still at that choke point apparently thinking only one or two people made it past...

Frankly, I don't think we could have done it better if we had coms...
        One day, as Lucio, I speed boosted at the choke and everyone ~~W~~-A-S-D'ed really fast and spent the next 80 years shooting from the choke trying to get a pick. Legend has it, all 5 of those team members are still there, shooting from the choke, hoping for a pick.

If you listen closely on the Paris map, you can hear the distant, haunted cries of "BARRIER BROKEN" and "I NEED HEALING". If you do hear it, that's those 5 players, eternally trapped at the choke, trying to get a pick.

I left after the match was over, but they didn't. Still there. To this day. Shooting from the choke.

True story.
    Play wrecking ball. They'll chase you, then your team can take choke for free while you kite them around.
        Also works as Winston if you're like me and suck as Wrecking Ball.
            Winston does work. Trickier though, because leap has long cooldown. Once you use it, you're nothing but an ult battery unless your team IMMEDIATELY follows up and covers you.
                Jump on the platform, they shoot you, you drop down and bubble. Then your team should be through and you have jump back. 

&#x200B;

The problem with Paris is that strats like these only work when your team uses that window of opportunity. In gold people sit in the choke trying to break the Orisa shield
            Hi me too lol
        But that implies that my team will actually push, which they won’t at my low rank.
            "I dont want to die so I'm not going to push"
        Don't be telling too many people my strategy to attack first point Hanamura that for some reason works nearly every single time
        I would play him if he weren't disabled
    The one strat that I find helps is if a Wreckingball swings up right before the choke and jumps the roof tops to the left. He can head right for the point. It forces the team away from the choke and it allows your team to push. 

I haven’t seen many expecting it.
    I usually play Hammond on attack and as soon as my team hits the choke, I go over the top left opening and then get behind the enemy team and boop them off the high ground. It's usually easy pickings from there because their team is separated and then you can just boop off the ones that pull back to the point.
    Go Hammond and boop them off high ground for an easy cap.
    It has so many angles of attack for Wrecking Ball, it’s my favorite in the game.
I don't mind Paris too much because it's basically a mirrored Anubis with slight changes. That being said, Anubis is one of my least favorites.
    Holy fuck...I never realized it but now that I think about it that’s so true. Paris really is a mirrored Anubis. Goddamn you just fucked up my night
        Holy fuck yeah, didn't notice it either, but I feel like Anubis is atleat Abit more fun as a torb you could place turrets up high, Paris you can't, it feels so flat
            IKR??? Such a shit map I don’t understand how all of Blizzards level designers went “hmmm yes this is good Paris good very good level”
        The first choke on Paris is way worse though. The central column in Anubis breaks LOS and you can go both left or right shortly after.

Paris is similar indeed, but you get shot at from the second you round the corner and keep getting shot up as you go into each direction. Police station is nearly always suicide, and left side around takes too long.
    Can't you say that about all 2cp?

First point is a choke.

Second point is 90 degrees the other way, and is a long forward stretch with some optional routes left and right.

Seems to fit horizon and volskaya too.
At least Paris is pretty to look at.

They might as well make the whole Horizon zero gravity, at least it would be different.
    >because our new moon map is such a unique opportunity we added a unique surface-of-the-moon low G area

>which is a longer version of the route immediately adjacent to it, separates you from your team and offers close to nil defensive or offensive benefit

They could cut that section and it would still take the community a few weeks to notice
Funny, I really don't like any 2cp maps, but I like Paris the most out of them
Paris sucks asshole.
Probably the french?
Just run dive lawl
Hanamura. Just screw this map. I know how to play around any map, but Hanamura? Fuck it.
First point choke fucking sucks, terrible design. You can't design a choke point with high ground right in front of said choke without alternate routes. Going left still sucks because all the bunker comp has to do is shift ever so slightly to the right. Going right sucks cause they can just clog up the doorway. Second point isn't too bad in my experience.
Same, just an overall boring map, i also don't really like the whole look of the map.
Someone was like "eW pOp MuSiC" when I said that once
    Lol really? Usually I get people reply with the same.
    Probably because it's trash
[Ditto.](https://youtu.be/Nqc8lK92K7E)
Waiting for the east Atlanta map
Oh god, Havana is one of the worst maps in the game.
    That’s your opinion. No need to yuck my yum
        Nah, not my opinion at all.
I was stating a well known fact.
            Doubling down? Why
How the fuck is that possible
    How is what
        You enjoy Havana and Paris? How
            Because they’re fun to play on. How do you like the things that you do? Because you find them fun.
You planeswalked into the wrong sub.
    Shit this isn’t Serra’s realm I’ve  been asleep for 3000 years and wanted to check up on her do you know how to get there?
        Sure. Can you fit into the Weatherlights core?
Not who you asked but I'll take ***ANY*** 2CP map over KotH. ^((except I'll take Ilios over Paris))

The rework of the map really did fix a lot of it's more frustrating issues; it's biggest issues currently are the second point issues that plague EVERY 2CP map in the game (mainly the close defender spawns and the too-open-ness of them). First point has lots of corners to hide behind right next to it, allowing for a lot of jiggling that other 2CP maps lack (like the pillar in the back, most of the others are just kind of... boxes with four entrances on the faces and a skylight, whereas the entrances on Horizon are both taller, distributed differently, and the 'sky' entrance can be accessed by characters that normally can't, since flying is not required to reach it). It's also one of the few 2CP maps that feels like it's harder to get spawn-camped on attack (unlike Anubis or Volskaya, for example). You have plenty of options to work with and many characters are viable on it. You can play meta or cheese comps. 

I don't understand the hate for Horizon. It provides variety in your options, which can often lead to devolved/unclear fights, which I guess is the reason a lot of people don't like it?
    I think a lot of people hate it because it’s like the only 2cp map that favors offense. I will admit it’s better since it’s rework but it’s still my least favorite map
        Fair enough I guess.
    ilios is the best map in the game and control maps > 2cp by far IMO
        I hate KotH type stuff in any and every video game I've ever played, so I know it's just a personal preference, but I just can't stand them.

And you think Ilios is better than King's Row? Huh. Never heard that one before.
Tbh I just tend to have fun on it, it's unique and I've had all kinds of great memories running all kinds of different strats
Which map is Dva's map?
    Busan.
do it, do it, do it, do it, do it!
Dew it*
For Paris point A just run Symm + Lucio, take the right path out of spawn, use tele to move through choke (port to the left side of enemy high ground), then speed to point.

Set up sym turrets and make them come fight your team on point.

I've had about an 80% win rate with this strat, but only in Plat or lower.
    Going to the point generally wins 2CP more than choke-dancing for 4 minutes.
    I mean.. any situation becomes trivial to overcome if you have a coordinated team like that.
Bunker every time is too real.
I mean, it's the same reason you see bunker on point a of ~~Oasis~~ Anubis. It's really the only solid way to hold that choke since the map gives you the high ground.

The difference is there's no partial cover for attackers in Paris. No big health pack in the cafe, and no cover for flankers to actually flank the high ground. It's just a shittier version of ~~Oasis~~ Anubis, which is already a shitty point.

Edit: fixed a dumb
    Oasis? Do you mean Anubis? Oasis is a KOTH map
        .... Shit. Yes.
Try Wrecking Ball.  I haven't experienced any of the grief of anyone in this thread with Paris, and I've realized this is because I almost exclusively play Wrecking Ball and the map is fantastic for him.  So many fun areas to spiderman around, disrupt teams, get them chasing you, hook onto fixtures and statues and spin around for 20 seconds knocking anyone around you back, etc. etc.
There are so many ways to break a bunker it's not too bad.
At least for Volskaya you have the truck as partial cover. Paris, Eichenwalde, etc, you have nothing. You lose. Good day sir
Because it’s a lazy and easy way to make a guaranteed map obstacle that defenders can hold and attackers have to break
Really? I love some of the maps they've added.
    My favourite map is Blizzard World
Big fan of Eichenwald and Oasis though (right?)
    I fuckin love Oasis though. It’s a great map for flankers.
Blizzard World and Eichenwald are both solid maps. I think all hybrid maps are great though, and I feel like it's easily the best mode in the game. So liking those two maps could definitely come from liking the mode played on them.
I have not heard a lot of hate about junkertown. One of the few maps I see where people actually use a lot of the alternate routes constantly through the map. Most heros appear to have windows to be successful.
    It used to get aggressively hated on but it’s died down as people have come to dislike newer maps
Havana and Paris can go for me. Havana is just too long. Paris has the same problem original Eichenwalde had it has one door you can run through with no cover...shocked they diddnt learn a lesson from that
    Havana is too long? What the fuck does that even fuckin mean?
Maybe you should stop playing the game.
*Paris has entered the chat*
I haven't had a 2cp match in comp since the update, I'm curious to see if it's better.
    It’s not
    Lucky.
So more OW is on the schedule xD
    Nah man, I actually uninstalled straight after I left. I got to Top 40 in like Season 11, and ever since then, the game hasn't been fun. I kept going back to it, but never got anything out of it. Sometimes I played with my friends on smurf accounts, like this one (since our SR was too different) , but alas, all good things have to come to an end.
        I hear ya. When you keep lowering the skill floor so newbies can feel competitive, any game will start to die.
The crapshoot does go higher, it just diminishes somewhat.
    A bigger lie has never been told
I climbed the ranks on my DPS account from bronze to low plat over 3-4 seasons (I main healers, high plat).

Bronze players just don't know what they are doing in the slightest, and most have garbage aim. Most of the players here are not toxic.

Silver players play for the fun of it, the vast majority are good people, good players, not mechanically gifted, and not super aware of what is going on.

Low gold, about the same as silver, but a little more toxic players and a bit better mechanically.

High gold: the scum of the earth. Over 100 games played at this level just this season alone, not even 100 SR difference. For every game you claw out a win, there are 2 games where people throw, are seriously toxic, will pick characters they don't know how to play for unknown reasons (tell me you have never seen a will-always-charge Rein). It's a shit show.
    Would explain my fall from 2300s to 2100s.
        Yup, this season is the worse so far in gold, so much stupid play, so many throwers and griefers, and the games that don't have those are still so hard to win. I'm not really sure why, but with the replay now we can get a bit more info... If the damn keybinds freaking worked...
            Knowing what my teammates did or failed to do doesn't really seem relevant to me, simply because I have no real control over what my teammate does.

I think my real concern is those who will use the replay system to seek a means of blaming/griefing someone. Rather than  learning how to play better.
                Not so much about what they did wrong in that sense. More like what could I have done better, especially in situations where they did wrong.

Did I go in with the wrong guy because I got carried away? Should I have paid more attention to where half the team was going? Why was half the team not with us, etc.

For example I found out one of our nearly successful pushes failed because half the team turned around to fight Doomfist, so us tanks didn't have heals and while Rein had a good shatter, nobody was there to follow up. Naturally nobody fighting Doomy called that out...

I wished the replay system decided voice comms too. Rly wanted to see if I missed the call for Doom or if they didn't call it.

In either case, being more aware of what the team was up to would have saved us from wasting ults.
    Honestly, as someone who's climbed from 1645 to 2920, 2400-2600 is easily the most cancerous spot. I hit a wall at about 2900, but that's due to it being where I belong, I've fallen to the gold / plat border and it's honestly horrible trying to get to mid plat again. I quit comp this season, not worth it.
        If it's hard for you in gold, you don't belong in plat.
            I decided to learn off tank, and fell to 2490 as the lowest the past season, I climb immediately up to high plat again. High, I've maintained a 54% wr this season overall, and a 60% on all main tanks, and over 80% on orisa. I've currently got a 50%+ on d.va and hog but I'm struggling with Zarya. As we speak I'm at 2803. High gold, I had 4 games in a row where someone legitimately jumped off the cliff because they didn't like our comp or we lost first point quickly. People give up waaaay too easy, and hard stuck players are extremely hateful and blame everyone but themselves. My biggest issue climb out of that Sr, was that I was having issues with bubble management on zarya and couldn't maintain high charge. It finally clicked and I went 19-3 to finish in high platinum.
            True that
    Plat is the worst imo everyone thinks they are god's. Only mid diamond will people actually work together and create decent team comps.
        The trench never ends my dude, no one gives a shit about team comps in gm either
        Yea that's also true, but I still find it's worse in gold.
    Surprisingly, that didn't happen for me this season. The three games separating me from plat went smoothly, and the people in comms were chill and making good calls. After that though, I've been too scared to attempt any more matches as I got lucky through that session.
        That was partially the reason why I got a second account. One where I would play for fun and just try to do well but not get too bent out of shape of I lost.

So now if I lose on my main, I get really bummed out.

If I lose on my alt account, I get furious lol, mostly because it's due to trolls / throwers. (I don't rage most times, but throwers will do that to you)
Once your in Plat it's a mixed basket, but it's a far step up from the flaming remains of excrement that is low gold
    Got up to 2330 this season so far. After 2 days of garbage teams back down to 2100.
        Haha, for the first time this season I finally placed in very low Plat, I tied twice and only won 4 times. 

One of my placements I was with 5 other golds, against 6 golds. We lost the first round of Junker Town by a landslide, everything seemed lost, and tension was building. On defence the turntables were quick, and either one or both of these happened at once: 

-all my teammates gained enough IQ to get to average
-the enemy team developed dysfunctional autism. 

Somehow, some way, we started winning. 

Even if the braindead-walking-garage-sale-for-brains Lucio kept giving out the worst call outside. For Christ sake he told us to retreat after I got a triple shatter as rein, thank god nobody listened to *that* above other things they did listen to. 

Think that is a wild Comp game? 

Here's the real ringer, final placement was on hanamura, overtime timer is going down and were all trickleing in to try and just reset the timer on second point. 

I if I had time, I would count the pixels left on the goddamn bar, because Doomfist somehow reset it. 

The next two minutes that ensued were the most chaotic I've ever seen on  that map, as every player was desperate to stay on the damn point as if they had a real gun to their head. I'll see if I can grab the replay videos using the new system.
        That's where you belong
            Probs. 

This is a weak ass troll attempt.
                Just stating the truth, if everyone around you is garbage then you're garbage too
                    Lol you're just being a cunt obviously. There's no truth in your statement.  Just a child's attitude and outlook; trying to antagonize because no ones gives you enough attention. Lol
                        Keep blaming other people then whenever you lose, good life attitude
Bronze-Low Diamond. Everyone in diamond is either a smurf or throws because they think they deserve to be higher rated
    Def sounds like silver to me. 'Cept people throwing to bronze because they just want to.
Plat player here. Don't worry it's still shit.
Bronze-GM is a crapshoot.
I wish I could get into masters as an idiot.
    I wish you had better jokes.
Competitive as a season, yes. As a whole i’m not completely sure, my comment may have been worded badly.
If you're banned from enough seasons you get banned forever.
    Oof
Interesting, I’m pretty sure that the time varies depending on matches played so it ends up not being consistent.
    Probably, what I said is just from my experience
havana isn’t nearly as bad as paris bf a mix of long lanes and small rooms help with situational heroes like doom and widow so there’s occasional variety
opinions cant be false, thats why its called an opinion.
    It was a joke

You’re right

But it was a joke
You'd have to fill me in on what BG means in terms of stuff for WoW, as it's not a game I've played.
    BG is Battle Grounds, aka PVP instances
        Ahh, okay.  In that case, yes.
You monster
    Koth just isn't fun, plus I loved payload and cp in tf2
Anubis allows for so many different approaches, though. slow push left side, dive on the main highground, slow push right side etc. the second point is the same, it's very versatile and allows for a lot of different comps to be played. I know what you mean with Hanamura, the first point is kinda meh for me too, but the second point is great.
This variance in opinion is probably based on the hero you play. Chances are a Lucio main will love KOTH, but a Pharah main may hate it because of certain maps.
    As a Rein player I despise it
        Rein main here, love me some koth
            I don't know how, I only like Nepal, it's so annoying getting flanked and cheesed all the time
                I just love getting down in an all out brawl, nothing more fun that w+m1
Nah leaving that early insta kills it
    In my experience if everyone rejoined queue instantly they'd be put back into the same map with the same players... I assumed thats just how it worked.
        Usually yea. Unless my internet is slow, when leaving that early it instantly starts the timer to end the game in 9 seconds. Maybe for me it's over by the time I get to load screen
That's all I ever wanted to be, a hero. 😭😭
Thnx
I'm hoping this was a reference to the breathtaking guy
    Your Breathtaking... No you're breathtaking-Keanu Reeves
    [deleted]
        Damn go off


Edit: why spend time downvoting me and not opening up a Tab for a Cause?
            [I already have](https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/) what's your excuse?
                Oh yeah I went into your post history to see if you were a fan of something in particular and then I saw that post. From there I knew you at least felt earnestly about this.
        Wut
[deleted]
    Why are you so angry? Had a bad day?
        Your whole reddit comment history jus you being angry and having a bunch of bad days, man.
            [deleted]
                How did I prove your point little guy
                    Lol, I'm getting middle school flashbacks from this thread
        He needs healing.
I’d like to think of Reddit awards as something along the lines of:

“Hey you helped me out with this” or “Hey I was entertained by this”, kind of like paying a bit for a person’s expertise or a snippet of a comedy or drama show. It’s like tipping a waiter or a delivery driver for providing good service. It makes the person feel good when receiving it.

Not to mention, it also helps Reddit run so that millions can be entertained by thousands upon thousands of fandoms and enthusiasts. It’s all a generally wholesome cycle. 

I really want you to reply, as I’m interested in hearing your side of this!
    https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/

I understand your perspective and still disagree.

Reddit management is not providing a selfless product. They do not look out for your best interest. Unpaid volunteers have created these communities and tirelessly upkeep them. On multiple occasions, the administration has shown that they promote particular political agendas. They punish communities that don't appeal to advertisers. Donating money to wealthy executives promotes this toxic attitude.

When you buy Reddit awards, you are not buying it for the user who made your day a little brighter. That user gets nothing. Their browsing experience is unchanged. Their quality of life is unphased. It is **not** the same as tipping a waiter.

Want to show someone your appreciation while also promoting a happier planet? For the same amount of money you would have wasted on platinum, donate to a charity of your choosing. Send that user a picture of your receipt and inform them that their positive attitude has inspired you to make the world a better place.
        Hey! I’m sorry I’m getting back so late, I saw this reply a while back and had to continue what I was  doing at the time and completely forgot about it. 

I just want to mention that I still stand by what I said, but I can see why you may be concerned. Firstly, I still believe that giving an award on here is similar to (but of course, not equivalent of) giving a tip. If you are gifted with a gold or platinum award, you receive “Reddit Premium” for a certain duration of time. Of course it’s not the best thing in the world, and yes it does mostly just help Reddit, but at least it’s something (which does mean that their browsing experiences aren’t unchanged). Additionally, I feel like you’re mostly flat-out wrong about the quality of life. When most people receive an award, they are grateful and receive a good feeling, as they recognize that they are being appreciated in some way. I know you have gotten awards, and I know that you dislike them, and I know why: it’s because of the negative context they come to you in. The awards you receive on your comments aren’t (from what I’ve seen) to show you how good or insightful your comment was, but rather to poke fun at you and create a sense of irony (as in awarding someone who dislikes the awarding system).

If you’re still truly upset with the amount of money going to Reddit through these awards, there’s another way to approach it. I’m assuming you’re familiar with the website Wikipedia, which hosts millions upon millions of facts and tidbits and information, all placed in articles. Well, Wikipedia accepts donations to keep themselves running. If enough people can’t donate to Wikipedia, they would be forced to shut their servers down. How different is that from Reddit? Of course, they do receive a lot of revenue from their advertisements, but is it wrong to support a platform that supports millions of people daily?

I also think you’re quite hypocritical. You see, you seem to want to make the world a “better place” and a “happier planet”. However, almost without fail, every one of your comments is negatively-spirited. No matter what the topic, no matter the severity of it, you just want to pick fights. That baffles me. If you really, *honestly* , wanted to make the world a better place, your kindness towards others may matter more than the five bucks you’re bragging about donating to charity.

Of course, giving your money to charity is a great thing to do. However, if you’re impressed with someone’s online content, they should reap at least some of the reward. It’s similar to saying to a cab driver, “Hey, that was a great ride, and to show you how much I appreciated it, I’ll give my money to someone else and then send you a picture of the receipt.” 

That’s all I’m gonna write for tonight. If you still have anything, please, just reply back to this! I’m finding this banter to be interesting.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
    >that free website

just like how Facebook is "free"

It's cute you think their sole source of income is from reddit gold. Their marketing worked on you.
        [Reddit was projected ](https://www.feedough.com/reddit-make-money-reddit-business-model/) to receive $1B [edit: -999M] from premium memberships in 2017. 

On one hand you are right that if all of these people donated their money the world would be a better place. 

On the other hand the point of this income stream for reddit is to supplement their money from ads. I would wager that without gold, Reddit would probably have to force email registration and go for more targeted ads.
            That says $1M, not billion FYI
                I know it doesn’t vindicate me fully but... 

Do we really need precision in the cents? 
Like come on... How could I have known ~besides for the decimal point~
Edit: thanks for the gold!
Lmao some kid who hasn't even been here a year thinks he's got reddit all figured out
    The worst type of gatekeeping is when people assume that time = experience
        Well in this case it does. Reddit used to have massive stability issues and funding it was a bit of a crisis. Many people don't have to deal with the ads because they use a 3rd party service. The only legitimate concern with gold is that it's one of the only excuses they have for not banning the orange subreddit, since they gild more than any other.
Like, I know you're new but Reddit Gold *genuinely* saved this website back in the day. It doesn't do anything or help anyone except keep reddit going.  If you don't like reddit... why are you here?
    That was true back in the day, but nowadays? They make so much ad revnue I don't think it genuinely matters.
Yeah, Horizon
    My first guess was Paris.
        Anubis 2nd point is the only time I ever  mildly enjoy 2 cp.
            Well are you mental??
                He's terminal.
            I like Volskaya solely because it's a good Doom map, and also first point Anubis (defending), but those are the only two exceptions. 2cp can suck my cock and balls
                ^^I ^^think ^^Hanamura ^^is ^^quite ^^okay
                    That's not okay to say
                    Nah, Hanamura 1st point sucks to cap. 2nd is fun.
            I think the appeal of 2CP changes with character preference. I don't know. I like it best, personally.
                I don't have anything against 2cp either, but I love playing Orisa. So you're probably correct about character preference.
                    Same, play a lot of Orisa. She plays best when you can bunker down.
            This is too much too bear 🐻
        Paris is by far the worst map imo
            Havana would like a word..

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

also shouldn't the maps be getting better not worse
                maps are getting worse

heroes are getting worse (either cancer like brig doom or basically not played like ashe)
                    I don't mind Brigitte that much, and I see a decent bit of Ashe.  I absolutely resent Moira's kit design though.  Very unpleasant to play with AND against.  On your team, it feels as if she just DPSes while you beg for healing beside her until you die.  On the enemy team, so much unavoidable damage and impossible to 1v1 due to self-healing and escape.  Not overpowered, just incredibly anti-fun.  Worse than Mei IMO
            I still think HLC is worse than Paris. Paris sucks, but not any worse than the other assault maps. Horizon is on another level of shittyness in my opinion.
                I wonder why most people feel this way. Horizon used to be my favorite map in the game before the edits. Now, I still really like it (my favorite 2cp map for whatever that's worth), but definitely not my favorite anymore after the edits. Paris on the other hand is hot garbage. Terrible shitty map. Point b is garbage on that map. 

Why is horizon in particular so annoying to you and others?

P.S. I'm in the numbani club for favorite map
                    I guess for me I’ve had both terrible and amazing experiences on every map, even horizon, but it seems more times then not I have a shitty experience on horizon. I think both points are annoying to attack, where as Paris I don’t think point A is so bad. I agree that Paris B is very annoying. If you don’t get a good snowball going after the first point there’s a good chance you won’t get B.

And I know I’m in the minority as far as Paris goes. I haven’t been playing comp nearly as much as I used to so I haven’t had as many bad experiences with Paris as with other maps.
                    Every single time I play on Horizon, the moment we step out into the open it's just Bastion and hitscans annihilating us instantly.  So I try to flank them while my team cowers in the corridors on the left for 5 minutes until we lose

It's just the same thing every single time.  Immortal enemy bastion, we're sitting ducks in an open corridor, begging team to be aggressive with me instead of AFKing in fear till we lose.  Over and over and over again.
            I actually love Paris, it's a great Sombra map
    No wonder he wanted to leave
    100% with you, hate this map so much. the changes didnt help at all.
back when this individual played Overwatch Mercy could rez her entire team and the meta was 3 tank 2 support and probably Soldier or something
    You hit the nail on the head.
        I remember the days of whole team rezzes. My favorite time ever is still when the enemy mercy got off almost a full team rez so zarya gravved them and I nuked the grav.
            To me it feels like it was just yesterday. Strange how OP it seems now a day. But it was a bad way to play, having mercy Bob around with her ult ready for the entire match until something happens.
            Ah, the good ol' days of my team screaming "FIND THE MERCY" "KILL HER FIRST BEFORE SHE REZZEZ" "WHERE IS THEIR MERCY?"
                its weird how much I miss that
                    It was restrictive because is basically forced someone to play mercy, but helped to rally the team together. I miss it as well.
                Or simply the requirement of having her on your team.
I'm pretty new to coming back as well. What did they update?
    On the first point they made it easier to access high ground on defense and added some extra cover up there too. On second point they made the path from spawn to point longer to reduce endless stalling, and there’s some extra cover behind/above the point too.

They also added a bunch of nice visual improvements, there’s some greenery now and extra color which makes the map look less drab and more appealing. 

That’s all I can remember right now but I think they made some other minor improvements to the map design too.
just the absolute worst
I love both those maps. Anubis, volskaya, hanamura, anything you basically need to teamkill the enemy team for, is awful. Objective maps, and also control points (lijiang, nepal) are ++.
Same, tbh I don't really dislike any of the maps.
    sounds like you just have loose standards
        I guess?  But tbh I just don't hate any of the maps, I 'd sooner hate my teammates then the map tbh.
            Yeah, same.
\-------------the joke--------------->

&#x200B;

\*You\*
    [deleted]
        I'm with you. I've been seeing people use "objectively" incorrectly a lot lately just like "literally" started to get overused incorrectly. It drives me crazy lol
            I only Ban one word from my twitch chat.  And it is "literally".
                Literally only bans one word
        it was pretty clearly a joke
            [deleted]
                LOL did you go through my post history for this

LOL mad
    He's not the one to blame if your joke just sucks.
        It's not mine, you know that?
CS:GO does too, that’s why it’s insane that we have to keep playing these garbage maps.
One day I had a team that without chat moved as a fucking squad and we destroyed that first check point. 

Basically I as Brig. shielded that chokepoint just long enough for everyone to run left into the bakery, then team waited for shield and we ran to the next building on the left then up the balcony and stormed the point from the side like a damn swat team while half the enemy team was still at that choke point apparently thinking only one or two people made it past...

Frankly, I don't think we could have done it better if we had coms...
    One day, as Lucio, I speed boosted at the choke and everyone ~~W~~-A-S-D'ed really fast and spent the next 80 years shooting from the choke trying to get a pick. Legend has it, all 5 of those team members are still there, shooting from the choke, hoping for a pick.

If you listen closely on the Paris map, you can hear the distant, haunted cries of "BARRIER BROKEN" and "I NEED HEALING". If you do hear it, that's those 5 players, eternally trapped at the choke, trying to get a pick.

I left after the match was over, but they didn't. Still there. To this day. Shooting from the choke.

True story.
Play wrecking ball. They'll chase you, then your team can take choke for free while you kite them around.
    Also works as Winston if you're like me and suck as Wrecking Ball.
        Winston does work. Trickier though, because leap has long cooldown. Once you use it, you're nothing but an ult battery unless your team IMMEDIATELY follows up and covers you.
            Jump on the platform, they shoot you, you drop down and bubble. Then your team should be through and you have jump back. 

&#x200B;

The problem with Paris is that strats like these only work when your team uses that window of opportunity. In gold people sit in the choke trying to break the Orisa shield
        Hi me too lol
    But that implies that my team will actually push, which they won’t at my low rank.
        "I dont want to die so I'm not going to push"
    Don't be telling too many people my strategy to attack first point Hanamura that for some reason works nearly every single time
    I would play him if he weren't disabled
The one strat that I find helps is if a Wreckingball swings up right before the choke and jumps the roof tops to the left. He can head right for the point. It forces the team away from the choke and it allows your team to push. 

I haven’t seen many expecting it.
I usually play Hammond on attack and as soon as my team hits the choke, I go over the top left opening and then get behind the enemy team and boop them off the high ground. It's usually easy pickings from there because their team is separated and then you can just boop off the ones that pull back to the point.
Go Hammond and boop them off high ground for an easy cap.
It has so many angles of attack for Wrecking Ball, it’s my favorite in the game.
Holy fuck...I never realized it but now that I think about it that’s so true. Paris really is a mirrored Anubis. Goddamn you just fucked up my night
    Holy fuck yeah, didn't notice it either, but I feel like Anubis is atleat Abit more fun as a torb you could place turrets up high, Paris you can't, it feels so flat
        IKR??? Such a shit map I don’t understand how all of Blizzards level designers went “hmmm yes this is good Paris good very good level”
    The first choke on Paris is way worse though. The central column in Anubis breaks LOS and you can go both left or right shortly after.

Paris is similar indeed, but you get shot at from the second you round the corner and keep getting shot up as you go into each direction. Police station is nearly always suicide, and left side around takes too long.
Can't you say that about all 2cp?

First point is a choke.

Second point is 90 degrees the other way, and is a long forward stretch with some optional routes left and right.

Seems to fit horizon and volskaya too.
>because our new moon map is such a unique opportunity we added a unique surface-of-the-moon low G area

>which is a longer version of the route immediately adjacent to it, separates you from your team and offers close to nil defensive or offensive benefit

They could cut that section and it would still take the community a few weeks to notice
Lol really? Usually I get people reply with the same.
Probably because it's trash
That’s your opinion. No need to yuck my yum
    Nah, not my opinion at all.
I was stating a well known fact.
        Doubling down? Why
How is what
    You enjoy Havana and Paris? How
        Because they’re fun to play on. How do you like the things that you do? Because you find them fun.
Shit this isn’t Serra’s realm I’ve  been asleep for 3000 years and wanted to check up on her do you know how to get there?
    Sure. Can you fit into the Weatherlights core?
I think a lot of people hate it because it’s like the only 2cp map that favors offense. I will admit it’s better since it’s rework but it’s still my least favorite map
    Fair enough I guess.
ilios is the best map in the game and control maps > 2cp by far IMO
    I hate KotH type stuff in any and every video game I've ever played, so I know it's just a personal preference, but I just can't stand them.

And you think Ilios is better than King's Row? Huh. Never heard that one before.
Busan.
Going to the point generally wins 2CP more than choke-dancing for 4 minutes.
I mean.. any situation becomes trivial to overcome if you have a coordinated team like that.
Oasis? Do you mean Anubis? Oasis is a KOTH map
    .... Shit. Yes.
My favourite map is Blizzard World
I fuckin love Oasis though. It’s a great map for flankers.
It used to get aggressively hated on but it’s died down as people have come to dislike newer maps
Havana is too long? What the fuck does that even fuckin mean?
It’s not
Lucky.
Nah man, I actually uninstalled straight after I left. I got to Top 40 in like Season 11, and ever since then, the game hasn't been fun. I kept going back to it, but never got anything out of it. Sometimes I played with my friends on smurf accounts, like this one (since our SR was too different) , but alas, all good things have to come to an end.
    I hear ya. When you keep lowering the skill floor so newbies can feel competitive, any game will start to die.
A bigger lie has never been told
Would explain my fall from 2300s to 2100s.
    Yup, this season is the worse so far in gold, so much stupid play, so many throwers and griefers, and the games that don't have those are still so hard to win. I'm not really sure why, but with the replay now we can get a bit more info... If the damn keybinds freaking worked...
        Knowing what my teammates did or failed to do doesn't really seem relevant to me, simply because I have no real control over what my teammate does.

I think my real concern is those who will use the replay system to seek a means of blaming/griefing someone. Rather than  learning how to play better.
            Not so much about what they did wrong in that sense. More like what could I have done better, especially in situations where they did wrong.

Did I go in with the wrong guy because I got carried away? Should I have paid more attention to where half the team was going? Why was half the team not with us, etc.

For example I found out one of our nearly successful pushes failed because half the team turned around to fight Doomfist, so us tanks didn't have heals and while Rein had a good shatter, nobody was there to follow up. Naturally nobody fighting Doomy called that out...

I wished the replay system decided voice comms too. Rly wanted to see if I missed the call for Doom or if they didn't call it.

In either case, being more aware of what the team was up to would have saved us from wasting ults.
Honestly, as someone who's climbed from 1645 to 2920, 2400-2600 is easily the most cancerous spot. I hit a wall at about 2900, but that's due to it being where I belong, I've fallen to the gold / plat border and it's honestly horrible trying to get to mid plat again. I quit comp this season, not worth it.
    If it's hard for you in gold, you don't belong in plat.
        I decided to learn off tank, and fell to 2490 as the lowest the past season, I climb immediately up to high plat again. High, I've maintained a 54% wr this season overall, and a 60% on all main tanks, and over 80% on orisa. I've currently got a 50%+ on d.va and hog but I'm struggling with Zarya. As we speak I'm at 2803. High gold, I had 4 games in a row where someone legitimately jumped off the cliff because they didn't like our comp or we lost first point quickly. People give up waaaay too easy, and hard stuck players are extremely hateful and blame everyone but themselves. My biggest issue climb out of that Sr, was that I was having issues with bubble management on zarya and couldn't maintain high charge. It finally clicked and I went 19-3 to finish in high platinum.
        True that
Plat is the worst imo everyone thinks they are god's. Only mid diamond will people actually work together and create decent team comps.
    The trench never ends my dude, no one gives a shit about team comps in gm either
    Yea that's also true, but I still find it's worse in gold.
Surprisingly, that didn't happen for me this season. The three games separating me from plat went smoothly, and the people in comms were chill and making good calls. After that though, I've been too scared to attempt any more matches as I got lucky through that session.
    That was partially the reason why I got a second account. One where I would play for fun and just try to do well but not get too bent out of shape of I lost.

So now if I lose on my main, I get really bummed out.

If I lose on my alt account, I get furious lol, mostly because it's due to trolls / throwers. (I don't rage most times, but throwers will do that to you)
Got up to 2330 this season so far. After 2 days of garbage teams back down to 2100.
    Haha, for the first time this season I finally placed in very low Plat, I tied twice and only won 4 times. 

One of my placements I was with 5 other golds, against 6 golds. We lost the first round of Junker Town by a landslide, everything seemed lost, and tension was building. On defence the turntables were quick, and either one or both of these happened at once: 

-all my teammates gained enough IQ to get to average
-the enemy team developed dysfunctional autism. 

Somehow, some way, we started winning. 

Even if the braindead-walking-garage-sale-for-brains Lucio kept giving out the worst call outside. For Christ sake he told us to retreat after I got a triple shatter as rein, thank god nobody listened to *that* above other things they did listen to. 

Think that is a wild Comp game? 

Here's the real ringer, final placement was on hanamura, overtime timer is going down and were all trickleing in to try and just reset the timer on second point. 

I if I had time, I would count the pixels left on the goddamn bar, because Doomfist somehow reset it. 

The next two minutes that ensued were the most chaotic I've ever seen on  that map, as every player was desperate to stay on the damn point as if they had a real gun to their head. I'll see if I can grab the replay videos using the new system.
    That's where you belong
        Probs. 

This is a weak ass troll attempt.
            Just stating the truth, if everyone around you is garbage then you're garbage too
                Lol you're just being a cunt obviously. There's no truth in your statement.  Just a child's attitude and outlook; trying to antagonize because no ones gives you enough attention. Lol
                    Keep blaming other people then whenever you lose, good life attitude
Def sounds like silver to me. 'Cept people throwing to bronze because they just want to.
I wish you had better jokes.
Oof
Probably, what I said is just from my experience
It was a joke

You’re right

But it was a joke
BG is Battle Grounds, aka PVP instances
    Ahh, okay.  In that case, yes.
Koth just isn't fun, plus I loved payload and cp in tf2
As a Rein player I despise it
    Rein main here, love me some koth
        I don't know how, I only like Nepal, it's so annoying getting flanked and cheesed all the time
            I just love getting down in an all out brawl, nothing more fun that w+m1
In my experience if everyone rejoined queue instantly they'd be put back into the same map with the same players... I assumed thats just how it worked.
    Usually yea. Unless my internet is slow, when leaving that early it instantly starts the timer to end the game in 9 seconds. Maybe for me it's over by the time I get to load screen
Your Breathtaking... No you're breathtaking-Keanu Reeves
[deleted]
    Damn go off


Edit: why spend time downvoting me and not opening up a Tab for a Cause?
        [I already have](https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/) what's your excuse?
            Oh yeah I went into your post history to see if you were a fan of something in particular and then I saw that post. From there I knew you at least felt earnestly about this.
    Wut
Why are you so angry? Had a bad day?
    Your whole reddit comment history jus you being angry and having a bunch of bad days, man.
        [deleted]
            How did I prove your point little guy
                Lol, I'm getting middle school flashbacks from this thread
    He needs healing.
https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/

I understand your perspective and still disagree.

Reddit management is not providing a selfless product. They do not look out for your best interest. Unpaid volunteers have created these communities and tirelessly upkeep them. On multiple occasions, the administration has shown that they promote particular political agendas. They punish communities that don't appeal to advertisers. Donating money to wealthy executives promotes this toxic attitude.

When you buy Reddit awards, you are not buying it for the user who made your day a little brighter. That user gets nothing. Their browsing experience is unchanged. Their quality of life is unphased. It is **not** the same as tipping a waiter.

Want to show someone your appreciation while also promoting a happier planet? For the same amount of money you would have wasted on platinum, donate to a charity of your choosing. Send that user a picture of your receipt and inform them that their positive attitude has inspired you to make the world a better place.
    Hey! I’m sorry I’m getting back so late, I saw this reply a while back and had to continue what I was  doing at the time and completely forgot about it. 

I just want to mention that I still stand by what I said, but I can see why you may be concerned. Firstly, I still believe that giving an award on here is similar to (but of course, not equivalent of) giving a tip. If you are gifted with a gold or platinum award, you receive “Reddit Premium” for a certain duration of time. Of course it’s not the best thing in the world, and yes it does mostly just help Reddit, but at least it’s something (which does mean that their browsing experiences aren’t unchanged). Additionally, I feel like you’re mostly flat-out wrong about the quality of life. When most people receive an award, they are grateful and receive a good feeling, as they recognize that they are being appreciated in some way. I know you have gotten awards, and I know that you dislike them, and I know why: it’s because of the negative context they come to you in. The awards you receive on your comments aren’t (from what I’ve seen) to show you how good or insightful your comment was, but rather to poke fun at you and create a sense of irony (as in awarding someone who dislikes the awarding system).

If you’re still truly upset with the amount of money going to Reddit through these awards, there’s another way to approach it. I’m assuming you’re familiar with the website Wikipedia, which hosts millions upon millions of facts and tidbits and information, all placed in articles. Well, Wikipedia accepts donations to keep themselves running. If enough people can’t donate to Wikipedia, they would be forced to shut their servers down. How different is that from Reddit? Of course, they do receive a lot of revenue from their advertisements, but is it wrong to support a platform that supports millions of people daily?

I also think you’re quite hypocritical. You see, you seem to want to make the world a “better place” and a “happier planet”. However, almost without fail, every one of your comments is negatively-spirited. No matter what the topic, no matter the severity of it, you just want to pick fights. That baffles me. If you really, *honestly* , wanted to make the world a better place, your kindness towards others may matter more than the five bucks you’re bragging about donating to charity.

Of course, giving your money to charity is a great thing to do. However, if you’re impressed with someone’s online content, they should reap at least some of the reward. It’s similar to saying to a cab driver, “Hey, that was a great ride, and to show you how much I appreciated it, I’ll give my money to someone else and then send you a picture of the receipt.” 

That’s all I’m gonna write for tonight. If you still have anything, please, just reply back to this! I’m finding this banter to be interesting.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
>that free website

just like how Facebook is "free"

It's cute you think their sole source of income is from reddit gold. Their marketing worked on you.
    [Reddit was projected ](https://www.feedough.com/reddit-make-money-reddit-business-model/) to receive $1B [edit: -999M] from premium memberships in 2017. 

On one hand you are right that if all of these people donated their money the world would be a better place. 

On the other hand the point of this income stream for reddit is to supplement their money from ads. I would wager that without gold, Reddit would probably have to force email registration and go for more targeted ads.
        That says $1M, not billion FYI
            I know it doesn’t vindicate me fully but... 

Do we really need precision in the cents? 
Like come on... How could I have known ~besides for the decimal point~
The worst type of gatekeeping is when people assume that time = experience
    Well in this case it does. Reddit used to have massive stability issues and funding it was a bit of a crisis. Many people don't have to deal with the ads because they use a 3rd party service. The only legitimate concern with gold is that it's one of the only excuses they have for not banning the orange subreddit, since they gild more than any other.
That was true back in the day, but nowadays? They make so much ad revnue I don't think it genuinely matters.
My first guess was Paris.
    Anubis 2nd point is the only time I ever  mildly enjoy 2 cp.
        Well are you mental??
            He's terminal.
        I like Volskaya solely because it's a good Doom map, and also first point Anubis (defending), but those are the only two exceptions. 2cp can suck my cock and balls
            ^^I ^^think ^^Hanamura ^^is ^^quite ^^okay
                That's not okay to say
                Nah, Hanamura 1st point sucks to cap. 2nd is fun.
        I think the appeal of 2CP changes with character preference. I don't know. I like it best, personally.
            I don't have anything against 2cp either, but I love playing Orisa. So you're probably correct about character preference.
                Same, play a lot of Orisa. She plays best when you can bunker down.
        This is too much too bear 🐻
    Paris is by far the worst map imo
        Havana would like a word..

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

also shouldn't the maps be getting better not worse
            maps are getting worse

heroes are getting worse (either cancer like brig doom or basically not played like ashe)
                I don't mind Brigitte that much, and I see a decent bit of Ashe.  I absolutely resent Moira's kit design though.  Very unpleasant to play with AND against.  On your team, it feels as if she just DPSes while you beg for healing beside her until you die.  On the enemy team, so much unavoidable damage and impossible to 1v1 due to self-healing and escape.  Not overpowered, just incredibly anti-fun.  Worse than Mei IMO
        I still think HLC is worse than Paris. Paris sucks, but not any worse than the other assault maps. Horizon is on another level of shittyness in my opinion.
            I wonder why most people feel this way. Horizon used to be my favorite map in the game before the edits. Now, I still really like it (my favorite 2cp map for whatever that's worth), but definitely not my favorite anymore after the edits. Paris on the other hand is hot garbage. Terrible shitty map. Point b is garbage on that map. 

Why is horizon in particular so annoying to you and others?

P.S. I'm in the numbani club for favorite map
                I guess for me I’ve had both terrible and amazing experiences on every map, even horizon, but it seems more times then not I have a shitty experience on horizon. I think both points are annoying to attack, where as Paris I don’t think point A is so bad. I agree that Paris B is very annoying. If you don’t get a good snowball going after the first point there’s a good chance you won’t get B.

And I know I’m in the minority as far as Paris goes. I haven’t been playing comp nearly as much as I used to so I haven’t had as many bad experiences with Paris as with other maps.
                Every single time I play on Horizon, the moment we step out into the open it's just Bastion and hitscans annihilating us instantly.  So I try to flank them while my team cowers in the corridors on the left for 5 minutes until we lose

It's just the same thing every single time.  Immortal enemy bastion, we're sitting ducks in an open corridor, begging team to be aggressive with me instead of AFKing in fear till we lose.  Over and over and over again.
        I actually love Paris, it's a great Sombra map
No wonder he wanted to leave
100% with you, hate this map so much. the changes didnt help at all.
You hit the nail on the head.
    I remember the days of whole team rezzes. My favorite time ever is still when the enemy mercy got off almost a full team rez so zarya gravved them and I nuked the grav.
        To me it feels like it was just yesterday. Strange how OP it seems now a day. But it was a bad way to play, having mercy Bob around with her ult ready for the entire match until something happens.
        Ah, the good ol' days of my team screaming "FIND THE MERCY" "KILL HER FIRST BEFORE SHE REZZEZ" "WHERE IS THEIR MERCY?"
            its weird how much I miss that
                It was restrictive because is basically forced someone to play mercy, but helped to rally the team together. I miss it as well.
            Or simply the requirement of having her on your team.
On the first point they made it easier to access high ground on defense and added some extra cover up there too. On second point they made the path from spawn to point longer to reduce endless stalling, and there’s some extra cover behind/above the point too.

They also added a bunch of nice visual improvements, there’s some greenery now and extra color which makes the map look less drab and more appealing. 

That’s all I can remember right now but I think they made some other minor improvements to the map design too.
sounds like you just have loose standards
    I guess?  But tbh I just don't hate any of the maps, I 'd sooner hate my teammates then the map tbh.
        Yeah, same.
[deleted]
    I'm with you. I've been seeing people use "objectively" incorrectly a lot lately just like "literally" started to get overused incorrectly. It drives me crazy lol
        I only Ban one word from my twitch chat.  And it is "literally".
            Literally only bans one word
    it was pretty clearly a joke
        [deleted]
            LOL did you go through my post history for this

LOL mad
He's not the one to blame if your joke just sucks.
    It's not mine, you know that?
One day, as Lucio, I speed boosted at the choke and everyone ~~W~~-A-S-D'ed really fast and spent the next 80 years shooting from the choke trying to get a pick. Legend has it, all 5 of those team members are still there, shooting from the choke, hoping for a pick.

If you listen closely on the Paris map, you can hear the distant, haunted cries of "BARRIER BROKEN" and "I NEED HEALING". If you do hear it, that's those 5 players, eternally trapped at the choke, trying to get a pick.

I left after the match was over, but they didn't. Still there. To this day. Shooting from the choke.

True story.
Also works as Winston if you're like me and suck as Wrecking Ball.
    Winston does work. Trickier though, because leap has long cooldown. Once you use it, you're nothing but an ult battery unless your team IMMEDIATELY follows up and covers you.
        Jump on the platform, they shoot you, you drop down and bubble. Then your team should be through and you have jump back. 

&#x200B;

The problem with Paris is that strats like these only work when your team uses that window of opportunity. In gold people sit in the choke trying to break the Orisa shield
    Hi me too lol
But that implies that my team will actually push, which they won’t at my low rank.
    "I dont want to die so I'm not going to push"
Don't be telling too many people my strategy to attack first point Hanamura that for some reason works nearly every single time
I would play him if he weren't disabled
Holy fuck yeah, didn't notice it either, but I feel like Anubis is atleat Abit more fun as a torb you could place turrets up high, Paris you can't, it feels so flat
    IKR??? Such a shit map I don’t understand how all of Blizzards level designers went “hmmm yes this is good Paris good very good level”
The first choke on Paris is way worse though. The central column in Anubis breaks LOS and you can go both left or right shortly after.

Paris is similar indeed, but you get shot at from the second you round the corner and keep getting shot up as you go into each direction. Police station is nearly always suicide, and left side around takes too long.
Nah, not my opinion at all.
I was stating a well known fact.
    Doubling down? Why
You enjoy Havana and Paris? How
    Because they’re fun to play on. How do you like the things that you do? Because you find them fun.
Sure. Can you fit into the Weatherlights core?
Fair enough I guess.
I hate KotH type stuff in any and every video game I've ever played, so I know it's just a personal preference, but I just can't stand them.

And you think Ilios is better than King's Row? Huh. Never heard that one before.
.... Shit. Yes.
I hear ya. When you keep lowering the skill floor so newbies can feel competitive, any game will start to die.
Yup, this season is the worse so far in gold, so much stupid play, so many throwers and griefers, and the games that don't have those are still so hard to win. I'm not really sure why, but with the replay now we can get a bit more info... If the damn keybinds freaking worked...
    Knowing what my teammates did or failed to do doesn't really seem relevant to me, simply because I have no real control over what my teammate does.

I think my real concern is those who will use the replay system to seek a means of blaming/griefing someone. Rather than  learning how to play better.
        Not so much about what they did wrong in that sense. More like what could I have done better, especially in situations where they did wrong.

Did I go in with the wrong guy because I got carried away? Should I have paid more attention to where half the team was going? Why was half the team not with us, etc.

For example I found out one of our nearly successful pushes failed because half the team turned around to fight Doomfist, so us tanks didn't have heals and while Rein had a good shatter, nobody was there to follow up. Naturally nobody fighting Doomy called that out...

I wished the replay system decided voice comms too. Rly wanted to see if I missed the call for Doom or if they didn't call it.

In either case, being more aware of what the team was up to would have saved us from wasting ults.
If it's hard for you in gold, you don't belong in plat.
    I decided to learn off tank, and fell to 2490 as the lowest the past season, I climb immediately up to high plat again. High, I've maintained a 54% wr this season overall, and a 60% on all main tanks, and over 80% on orisa. I've currently got a 50%+ on d.va and hog but I'm struggling with Zarya. As we speak I'm at 2803. High gold, I had 4 games in a row where someone legitimately jumped off the cliff because they didn't like our comp or we lost first point quickly. People give up waaaay too easy, and hard stuck players are extremely hateful and blame everyone but themselves. My biggest issue climb out of that Sr, was that I was having issues with bubble management on zarya and couldn't maintain high charge. It finally clicked and I went 19-3 to finish in high platinum.
    True that
The trench never ends my dude, no one gives a shit about team comps in gm either
Yea that's also true, but I still find it's worse in gold.
That was partially the reason why I got a second account. One where I would play for fun and just try to do well but not get too bent out of shape of I lost.

So now if I lose on my main, I get really bummed out.

If I lose on my alt account, I get furious lol, mostly because it's due to trolls / throwers. (I don't rage most times, but throwers will do that to you)
Haha, for the first time this season I finally placed in very low Plat, I tied twice and only won 4 times. 

One of my placements I was with 5 other golds, against 6 golds. We lost the first round of Junker Town by a landslide, everything seemed lost, and tension was building. On defence the turntables were quick, and either one or both of these happened at once: 

-all my teammates gained enough IQ to get to average
-the enemy team developed dysfunctional autism. 

Somehow, some way, we started winning. 

Even if the braindead-walking-garage-sale-for-brains Lucio kept giving out the worst call outside. For Christ sake he told us to retreat after I got a triple shatter as rein, thank god nobody listened to *that* above other things they did listen to. 

Think that is a wild Comp game? 

Here's the real ringer, final placement was on hanamura, overtime timer is going down and were all trickleing in to try and just reset the timer on second point. 

I if I had time, I would count the pixels left on the goddamn bar, because Doomfist somehow reset it. 

The next two minutes that ensued were the most chaotic I've ever seen on  that map, as every player was desperate to stay on the damn point as if they had a real gun to their head. I'll see if I can grab the replay videos using the new system.
That's where you belong
    Probs. 

This is a weak ass troll attempt.
        Just stating the truth, if everyone around you is garbage then you're garbage too
            Lol you're just being a cunt obviously. There's no truth in your statement.  Just a child's attitude and outlook; trying to antagonize because no ones gives you enough attention. Lol
                Keep blaming other people then whenever you lose, good life attitude
Ahh, okay.  In that case, yes.
Rein main here, love me some koth
    I don't know how, I only like Nepal, it's so annoying getting flanked and cheesed all the time
        I just love getting down in an all out brawl, nothing more fun that w+m1
Usually yea. Unless my internet is slow, when leaving that early it instantly starts the timer to end the game in 9 seconds. Maybe for me it's over by the time I get to load screen
Damn go off


Edit: why spend time downvoting me and not opening up a Tab for a Cause?
    [I already have](https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/) what's your excuse?
        Oh yeah I went into your post history to see if you were a fan of something in particular and then I saw that post. From there I knew you at least felt earnestly about this.
Wut
Your whole reddit comment history jus you being angry and having a bunch of bad days, man.
    [deleted]
        How did I prove your point little guy
            Lol, I'm getting middle school flashbacks from this thread
He needs healing.
Hey! I’m sorry I’m getting back so late, I saw this reply a while back and had to continue what I was  doing at the time and completely forgot about it. 

I just want to mention that I still stand by what I said, but I can see why you may be concerned. Firstly, I still believe that giving an award on here is similar to (but of course, not equivalent of) giving a tip. If you are gifted with a gold or platinum award, you receive “Reddit Premium” for a certain duration of time. Of course it’s not the best thing in the world, and yes it does mostly just help Reddit, but at least it’s something (which does mean that their browsing experiences aren’t unchanged). Additionally, I feel like you’re mostly flat-out wrong about the quality of life. When most people receive an award, they are grateful and receive a good feeling, as they recognize that they are being appreciated in some way. I know you have gotten awards, and I know that you dislike them, and I know why: it’s because of the negative context they come to you in. The awards you receive on your comments aren’t (from what I’ve seen) to show you how good or insightful your comment was, but rather to poke fun at you and create a sense of irony (as in awarding someone who dislikes the awarding system).

If you’re still truly upset with the amount of money going to Reddit through these awards, there’s another way to approach it. I’m assuming you’re familiar with the website Wikipedia, which hosts millions upon millions of facts and tidbits and information, all placed in articles. Well, Wikipedia accepts donations to keep themselves running. If enough people can’t donate to Wikipedia, they would be forced to shut their servers down. How different is that from Reddit? Of course, they do receive a lot of revenue from their advertisements, but is it wrong to support a platform that supports millions of people daily?

I also think you’re quite hypocritical. You see, you seem to want to make the world a “better place” and a “happier planet”. However, almost without fail, every one of your comments is negatively-spirited. No matter what the topic, no matter the severity of it, you just want to pick fights. That baffles me. If you really, *honestly* , wanted to make the world a better place, your kindness towards others may matter more than the five bucks you’re bragging about donating to charity.

Of course, giving your money to charity is a great thing to do. However, if you’re impressed with someone’s online content, they should reap at least some of the reward. It’s similar to saying to a cab driver, “Hey, that was a great ride, and to show you how much I appreciated it, I’ll give my money to someone else and then send you a picture of the receipt.” 

That’s all I’m gonna write for tonight. If you still have anything, please, just reply back to this! I’m finding this banter to be interesting.
[deleted]
[Reddit was projected ](https://www.feedough.com/reddit-make-money-reddit-business-model/) to receive $1B [edit: -999M] from premium memberships in 2017. 

On one hand you are right that if all of these people donated their money the world would be a better place. 

On the other hand the point of this income stream for reddit is to supplement their money from ads. I would wager that without gold, Reddit would probably have to force email registration and go for more targeted ads.
    That says $1M, not billion FYI
        I know it doesn’t vindicate me fully but... 

Do we really need precision in the cents? 
Like come on... How could I have known ~besides for the decimal point~
Well in this case it does. Reddit used to have massive stability issues and funding it was a bit of a crisis. Many people don't have to deal with the ads because they use a 3rd party service. The only legitimate concern with gold is that it's one of the only excuses they have for not banning the orange subreddit, since they gild more than any other.
Anubis 2nd point is the only time I ever  mildly enjoy 2 cp.
    Well are you mental??
        He's terminal.
    I like Volskaya solely because it's a good Doom map, and also first point Anubis (defending), but those are the only two exceptions. 2cp can suck my cock and balls
        ^^I ^^think ^^Hanamura ^^is ^^quite ^^okay
            That's not okay to say
            Nah, Hanamura 1st point sucks to cap. 2nd is fun.
    I think the appeal of 2CP changes with character preference. I don't know. I like it best, personally.
        I don't have anything against 2cp either, but I love playing Orisa. So you're probably correct about character preference.
            Same, play a lot of Orisa. She plays best when you can bunker down.
    This is too much too bear 🐻
Paris is by far the worst map imo
    Havana would like a word..

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

also shouldn't the maps be getting better not worse
        maps are getting worse

heroes are getting worse (either cancer like brig doom or basically not played like ashe)
            I don't mind Brigitte that much, and I see a decent bit of Ashe.  I absolutely resent Moira's kit design though.  Very unpleasant to play with AND against.  On your team, it feels as if she just DPSes while you beg for healing beside her until you die.  On the enemy team, so much unavoidable damage and impossible to 1v1 due to self-healing and escape.  Not overpowered, just incredibly anti-fun.  Worse than Mei IMO
    I still think HLC is worse than Paris. Paris sucks, but not any worse than the other assault maps. Horizon is on another level of shittyness in my opinion.
        I wonder why most people feel this way. Horizon used to be my favorite map in the game before the edits. Now, I still really like it (my favorite 2cp map for whatever that's worth), but definitely not my favorite anymore after the edits. Paris on the other hand is hot garbage. Terrible shitty map. Point b is garbage on that map. 

Why is horizon in particular so annoying to you and others?

P.S. I'm in the numbani club for favorite map
            I guess for me I’ve had both terrible and amazing experiences on every map, even horizon, but it seems more times then not I have a shitty experience on horizon. I think both points are annoying to attack, where as Paris I don’t think point A is so bad. I agree that Paris B is very annoying. If you don’t get a good snowball going after the first point there’s a good chance you won’t get B.

And I know I’m in the minority as far as Paris goes. I haven’t been playing comp nearly as much as I used to so I haven’t had as many bad experiences with Paris as with other maps.
            Every single time I play on Horizon, the moment we step out into the open it's just Bastion and hitscans annihilating us instantly.  So I try to flank them while my team cowers in the corridors on the left for 5 minutes until we lose

It's just the same thing every single time.  Immortal enemy bastion, we're sitting ducks in an open corridor, begging team to be aggressive with me instead of AFKing in fear till we lose.  Over and over and over again.
    I actually love Paris, it's a great Sombra map
I remember the days of whole team rezzes. My favorite time ever is still when the enemy mercy got off almost a full team rez so zarya gravved them and I nuked the grav.
    To me it feels like it was just yesterday. Strange how OP it seems now a day. But it was a bad way to play, having mercy Bob around with her ult ready for the entire match until something happens.
    Ah, the good ol' days of my team screaming "FIND THE MERCY" "KILL HER FIRST BEFORE SHE REZZEZ" "WHERE IS THEIR MERCY?"
        its weird how much I miss that
            It was restrictive because is basically forced someone to play mercy, but helped to rally the team together. I miss it as well.
        Or simply the requirement of having her on your team.
I guess?  But tbh I just don't hate any of the maps, I 'd sooner hate my teammates then the map tbh.
    Yeah, same.
I'm with you. I've been seeing people use "objectively" incorrectly a lot lately just like "literally" started to get overused incorrectly. It drives me crazy lol
    I only Ban one word from my twitch chat.  And it is "literally".
        Literally only bans one word
it was pretty clearly a joke
    [deleted]
        LOL did you go through my post history for this

LOL mad
It's not mine, you know that?
Winston does work. Trickier though, because leap has long cooldown. Once you use it, you're nothing but an ult battery unless your team IMMEDIATELY follows up and covers you.
    Jump on the platform, they shoot you, you drop down and bubble. Then your team should be through and you have jump back. 

&#x200B;

The problem with Paris is that strats like these only work when your team uses that window of opportunity. In gold people sit in the choke trying to break the Orisa shield
Hi me too lol
"I dont want to die so I'm not going to push"
IKR??? Such a shit map I don’t understand how all of Blizzards level designers went “hmmm yes this is good Paris good very good level”
Doubling down? Why
Because they’re fun to play on. How do you like the things that you do? Because you find them fun.
Knowing what my teammates did or failed to do doesn't really seem relevant to me, simply because I have no real control over what my teammate does.

I think my real concern is those who will use the replay system to seek a means of blaming/griefing someone. Rather than  learning how to play better.
    Not so much about what they did wrong in that sense. More like what could I have done better, especially in situations where they did wrong.

Did I go in with the wrong guy because I got carried away? Should I have paid more attention to where half the team was going? Why was half the team not with us, etc.

For example I found out one of our nearly successful pushes failed because half the team turned around to fight Doomfist, so us tanks didn't have heals and while Rein had a good shatter, nobody was there to follow up. Naturally nobody fighting Doomy called that out...

I wished the replay system decided voice comms too. Rly wanted to see if I missed the call for Doom or if they didn't call it.

In either case, being more aware of what the team was up to would have saved us from wasting ults.
I decided to learn off tank, and fell to 2490 as the lowest the past season, I climb immediately up to high plat again. High, I've maintained a 54% wr this season overall, and a 60% on all main tanks, and over 80% on orisa. I've currently got a 50%+ on d.va and hog but I'm struggling with Zarya. As we speak I'm at 2803. High gold, I had 4 games in a row where someone legitimately jumped off the cliff because they didn't like our comp or we lost first point quickly. People give up waaaay too easy, and hard stuck players are extremely hateful and blame everyone but themselves. My biggest issue climb out of that Sr, was that I was having issues with bubble management on zarya and couldn't maintain high charge. It finally clicked and I went 19-3 to finish in high platinum.
True that
Probs. 

This is a weak ass troll attempt.
    Just stating the truth, if everyone around you is garbage then you're garbage too
        Lol you're just being a cunt obviously. There's no truth in your statement.  Just a child's attitude and outlook; trying to antagonize because no ones gives you enough attention. Lol
            Keep blaming other people then whenever you lose, good life attitude
I don't know how, I only like Nepal, it's so annoying getting flanked and cheesed all the time
    I just love getting down in an all out brawl, nothing more fun that w+m1
[I already have](https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/b0d4mk/stop_giving_money_to_reddit/) what's your excuse?
    Oh yeah I went into your post history to see if you were a fan of something in particular and then I saw that post. From there I knew you at least felt earnestly about this.
[deleted]
    How did I prove your point little guy
        Lol, I'm getting middle school flashbacks from this thread
That says $1M, not billion FYI
    I know it doesn’t vindicate me fully but... 

Do we really need precision in the cents? 
Like come on... How could I have known ~besides for the decimal point~
Well are you mental??
    He's terminal.
I like Volskaya solely because it's a good Doom map, and also first point Anubis (defending), but those are the only two exceptions. 2cp can suck my cock and balls
    ^^I ^^think ^^Hanamura ^^is ^^quite ^^okay
        That's not okay to say
        Nah, Hanamura 1st point sucks to cap. 2nd is fun.
I think the appeal of 2CP changes with character preference. I don't know. I like it best, personally.
    I don't have anything against 2cp either, but I love playing Orisa. So you're probably correct about character preference.
        Same, play a lot of Orisa. She plays best when you can bunker down.
This is too much too bear 🐻
Havana would like a word..

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

also shouldn't the maps be getting better not worse
    maps are getting worse

heroes are getting worse (either cancer like brig doom or basically not played like ashe)
        I don't mind Brigitte that much, and I see a decent bit of Ashe.  I absolutely resent Moira's kit design though.  Very unpleasant to play with AND against.  On your team, it feels as if she just DPSes while you beg for healing beside her until you die.  On the enemy team, so much unavoidable damage and impossible to 1v1 due to self-healing and escape.  Not overpowered, just incredibly anti-fun.  Worse than Mei IMO
I still think HLC is worse than Paris. Paris sucks, but not any worse than the other assault maps. Horizon is on another level of shittyness in my opinion.
    I wonder why most people feel this way. Horizon used to be my favorite map in the game before the edits. Now, I still really like it (my favorite 2cp map for whatever that's worth), but definitely not my favorite anymore after the edits. Paris on the other hand is hot garbage. Terrible shitty map. Point b is garbage on that map. 

Why is horizon in particular so annoying to you and others?

P.S. I'm in the numbani club for favorite map
        I guess for me I’ve had both terrible and amazing experiences on every map, even horizon, but it seems more times then not I have a shitty experience on horizon. I think both points are annoying to attack, where as Paris I don’t think point A is so bad. I agree that Paris B is very annoying. If you don’t get a good snowball going after the first point there’s a good chance you won’t get B.

And I know I’m in the minority as far as Paris goes. I haven’t been playing comp nearly as much as I used to so I haven’t had as many bad experiences with Paris as with other maps.
        Every single time I play on Horizon, the moment we step out into the open it's just Bastion and hitscans annihilating us instantly.  So I try to flank them while my team cowers in the corridors on the left for 5 minutes until we lose

It's just the same thing every single time.  Immortal enemy bastion, we're sitting ducks in an open corridor, begging team to be aggressive with me instead of AFKing in fear till we lose.  Over and over and over again.
I actually love Paris, it's a great Sombra map
To me it feels like it was just yesterday. Strange how OP it seems now a day. But it was a bad way to play, having mercy Bob around with her ult ready for the entire match until something happens.
Ah, the good ol' days of my team screaming "FIND THE MERCY" "KILL HER FIRST BEFORE SHE REZZEZ" "WHERE IS THEIR MERCY?"
    its weird how much I miss that
        It was restrictive because is basically forced someone to play mercy, but helped to rally the team together. I miss it as well.
    Or simply the requirement of having her on your team.
Yeah, same.
I only Ban one word from my twitch chat.  And it is "literally".
    Literally only bans one word
[deleted]
    LOL did you go through my post history for this

LOL mad
Jump on the platform, they shoot you, you drop down and bubble. Then your team should be through and you have jump back. 

&#x200B;

The problem with Paris is that strats like these only work when your team uses that window of opportunity. In gold people sit in the choke trying to break the Orisa shield
Not so much about what they did wrong in that sense. More like what could I have done better, especially in situations where they did wrong.

Did I go in with the wrong guy because I got carried away? Should I have paid more attention to where half the team was going? Why was half the team not with us, etc.

For example I found out one of our nearly successful pushes failed because half the team turned around to fight Doomfist, so us tanks didn't have heals and while Rein had a good shatter, nobody was there to follow up. Naturally nobody fighting Doomy called that out...

I wished the replay system decided voice comms too. Rly wanted to see if I missed the call for Doom or if they didn't call it.

In either case, being more aware of what the team was up to would have saved us from wasting ults.
Just stating the truth, if everyone around you is garbage then you're garbage too
    Lol you're just being a cunt obviously. There's no truth in your statement.  Just a child's attitude and outlook; trying to antagonize because no ones gives you enough attention. Lol
        Keep blaming other people then whenever you lose, good life attitude
I just love getting down in an all out brawl, nothing more fun that w+m1
Oh yeah I went into your post history to see if you were a fan of something in particular and then I saw that post. From there I knew you at least felt earnestly about this.
How did I prove your point little guy
    Lol, I'm getting middle school flashbacks from this thread
I know it doesn’t vindicate me fully but... 

Do we really need precision in the cents? 
Like come on... How could I have known ~besides for the decimal point~
He's terminal.
^^I ^^think ^^Hanamura ^^is ^^quite ^^okay
    That's not okay to say
    Nah, Hanamura 1st point sucks to cap. 2nd is fun.
I don't have anything against 2cp either, but I love playing Orisa. So you're probably correct about character preference.
    Same, play a lot of Orisa. She plays best when you can bunker down.
maps are getting worse

heroes are getting worse (either cancer like brig doom or basically not played like ashe)
    I don't mind Brigitte that much, and I see a decent bit of Ashe.  I absolutely resent Moira's kit design though.  Very unpleasant to play with AND against.  On your team, it feels as if she just DPSes while you beg for healing beside her until you die.  On the enemy team, so much unavoidable damage and impossible to 1v1 due to self-healing and escape.  Not overpowered, just incredibly anti-fun.  Worse than Mei IMO
I wonder why most people feel this way. Horizon used to be my favorite map in the game before the edits. Now, I still really like it (my favorite 2cp map for whatever that's worth), but definitely not my favorite anymore after the edits. Paris on the other hand is hot garbage. Terrible shitty map. Point b is garbage on that map. 

Why is horizon in particular so annoying to you and others?

P.S. I'm in the numbani club for favorite map
    I guess for me I’ve had both terrible and amazing experiences on every map, even horizon, but it seems more times then not I have a shitty experience on horizon. I think both points are annoying to attack, where as Paris I don’t think point A is so bad. I agree that Paris B is very annoying. If you don’t get a good snowball going after the first point there’s a good chance you won’t get B.

And I know I’m in the minority as far as Paris goes. I haven’t been playing comp nearly as much as I used to so I haven’t had as many bad experiences with Paris as with other maps.
    Every single time I play on Horizon, the moment we step out into the open it's just Bastion and hitscans annihilating us instantly.  So I try to flank them while my team cowers in the corridors on the left for 5 minutes until we lose

It's just the same thing every single time.  Immortal enemy bastion, we're sitting ducks in an open corridor, begging team to be aggressive with me instead of AFKing in fear till we lose.  Over and over and over again.
its weird how much I miss that
    It was restrictive because is basically forced someone to play mercy, but helped to rally the team together. I miss it as well.
Or simply the requirement of having her on your team.
Literally only bans one word
LOL did you go through my post history for this

LOL mad
Lol you're just being a cunt obviously. There's no truth in your statement.  Just a child's attitude and outlook; trying to antagonize because no ones gives you enough attention. Lol
    Keep blaming other people then whenever you lose, good life attitude
Lol, I'm getting middle school flashbacks from this thread
That's not okay to say
Nah, Hanamura 1st point sucks to cap. 2nd is fun.
Same, play a lot of Orisa. She plays best when you can bunker down.
I don't mind Brigitte that much, and I see a decent bit of Ashe.  I absolutely resent Moira's kit design though.  Very unpleasant to play with AND against.  On your team, it feels as if she just DPSes while you beg for healing beside her until you die.  On the enemy team, so much unavoidable damage and impossible to 1v1 due to self-healing and escape.  Not overpowered, just incredibly anti-fun.  Worse than Mei IMO
I guess for me I’ve had both terrible and amazing experiences on every map, even horizon, but it seems more times then not I have a shitty experience on horizon. I think both points are annoying to attack, where as Paris I don’t think point A is so bad. I agree that Paris B is very annoying. If you don’t get a good snowball going after the first point there’s a good chance you won’t get B.

And I know I’m in the minority as far as Paris goes. I haven’t been playing comp nearly as much as I used to so I haven’t had as many bad experiences with Paris as with other maps.
Every single time I play on Horizon, the moment we step out into the open it's just Bastion and hitscans annihilating us instantly.  So I try to flank them while my team cowers in the corridors on the left for 5 minutes until we lose

It's just the same thing every single time.  Immortal enemy bastion, we're sitting ducks in an open corridor, begging team to be aggressive with me instead of AFKing in fear till we lose.  Over and over and over again.
It was restrictive because is basically forced someone to play mercy, but helped to rally the team together. I miss it as well.
Keep blaming other people then whenever you lose, good life attitude
