[[Please, no more stun heroes.]]


Hey people,

Just something that's been on my mind, man we do not need any more stun heroes. Here's what I mean by that. 

When the game launched, we had 2 heroes with CC stuns, Hog (Tank) and McCree (DPS). While I think that McCree requires a ton of skill with aim to use effectively, It can't be denied that anyone can Flash + Right Click. I'm not complaining about this, it can be avoided with positioning, so lets move on. Same with Hog, in the Beta up to his nerf, he was a little crazy, and a staple in every team comp for his ability to nail down and secure kills, now he's a lot more skill based, but i'm still gonna argue it still isn't that difficult to one-shot, all it did was, quite literally, add an extra step to the process. All you have to do now is walk forward a tiny bit after the hook and assuming there is no interference from any other hero, you're probably gonna one-shot them.

Then we got Doomfist, who has a soft CC stun. It's not particularly that great since its really only there to prevent the Hero affected from moving whilst they are sent flying backwards, and it doesn't really work like any other Stun mechanic, what IS annoying about Doomfist is how he can just move you around so much.

Then we got Brigette, and personally, I've been having a blast with her, she's already one of my most played heroes, and I have almost 600 hours in the game. I know its been said to death, but DAMN her bash is kinda dumb. I will admit that originally I thought she was a lot more OP then I do now, but I'm still of the opinion that her Bash needs a nerf, and recently, it got one, but in my opinion, she got off easy. But I'm not here to talk about balancing, I'm here to talk about this.

If we had One more tank with a Stun, and one more healer with a stun, you could make an entire 2-2-2 team comp out of only stun based heroes, this isn't including the possibility of a 3 DPS comp. Now let me clarify, by Stun, I don't mean things like Lucio's boop, or Orisa's Halt. I mean the things I have mentioned above. I have no problem with CC like Halt because if you die via the environment to it, its your fault for being out of position anyway and not paying enough attention.

 The point I'm making is that I feel CC Stuns require a significantly lower skill ceiling to use. Maybe I've just been shield bashed one too many times, but the thought of playing against an entire team of Heroes with CC Stuns is just a nightmare. 

Allow me to end with a strictly neutral comment, since this is exactly where I stand on the matter. While I'm not particularly fond of CC Stun heroes, We have enough. Right here is a good time to stop adding them before it gets to be too much. 

Thoughts? Opinions?




I know a lot of people may not care about Paragon but as a former player Stun locking became constant as almost every hero had a stun. This was very bad for that game and I agree it would be bad for Overwatch. 
    That was also the case with Smite so they introduced diminishing returns on stacked cc effects. Because otherwise the strat was to stun lock the tank while everyone dies around them then kill tank last. 
        also happened in that small mmo called world of warcraft. wait wat.
            Still happening. People just use different types of CC one after the other. In many arena matches I might as well just get up and take a shit when I'm getting chain cc over and over.
        Herc knock up into dash, into ymir freeze, into bellona ult, into anubis mumify into anubis laser beam.   Feels bad man.   Of course it took a while to get that diminishing returns added since people would say "Just get beads lawl".   Even with the diminishing returns, its still possible to stun someone for a long enough time to burst them down to nothing, although tanks could survive it  but would be critically low
    RIP paragon
        Paragone
            F
    [deleted]
        It's not even on purpose. From a dev standpoint it has to *feel* so clever. It's an established mechanic that everybody is familiar with and works for, almost, every character (nobody questions why the cowboy of all heroes has a flashbang?). It doesn't do damage, or if it does, very little, and hell, it might even be a necessary balance mechanic to let your glass cannon get away from danger. 

But pretty soon, it can dominate the meta, and not in a good way. At the end of the day, stun isn't fun (no rhyme intended). It's incredibly frustrating when you die as a result of stun and can quickly become a broken mechanic if implemented poorly. 

Again, it's a problem with developing characters. In a genre that mandates diverse characters, all (ideally) equally viable and any new characters needing to be balanced to the meta, at some point or another stun is going to start creeping in across several characters. 
            >any new characters needing to be balanced to the meta,

This seems off to me.  The meta is a twelve-year-old teenybopper.  Its tastes are fickle and can change after one landmark OWL game.

Heroes should be balanced against each other, not against their performance in the current competitive environment.  There *should* be weak heroes in any given meta---otherwise, counters don't exist, and they should.
                This is faulty logic. You don't need weak characters to have counters. Look at Dota 2. 110 of the ~115 heroes are viable in the professional meta. In OW, we have must picks like D.Va and Tracer and never-picks like Symmetra. No reason for this kind of imbalance.
                    You don't need weak characters to have counters, but if you *have* counters, and the meta is stable, then some characters will be weak *in that meta*, while still being perfectly balanced.  Thus, it's a bad idea to put too much weight on "How are they doing in the current meta?" when balancing a hero.
                    Most heroes are viable in dota, but half of them are only viable in very specific situations. 

Also there are plenty of "weak" hero's in Dota currently that are balanced in the way he is describing. Pushing is the current meta in Dota making any hero with a weak early game near unplayable. 

However if the meta shifts those hero's go from weak to strong with no change in there stats or abilities. This is often seen in Dota as a hero can go from being shit to OP over the course of a patch with no actual changes to the hero.
            It's one of those situations where the individual hero **will** be balanced, but once you can fill a team, despite having a sensible composition, with CC-centric heroes because so many are available, the overall game balance breaks.

The same happened in Heroes of the Storm with hyper-mobile and range-enhanced heroes. They are balanced individually, but there's so many now that the overall game balance tanked and older heroes feel quite outdated.
            It's too late for this now, but I kind of wish tanks in general were designed around being low damage with good CC (not necessarily stuns, but roots, slows, silences, damage reduction debuffs, etc). Imagine if Roadhog had a hook + slow combo instead of a hook + oneshot combo. He becomes very strong at setting up kills for his teammates instead of himself, which I think is a dynamic that Overwatch could use more of.
                So what I'm getting from this is you think too many people play tanks right now.
            Flashbang does 10 damage iirc. left click Headshot does 140. Tracer has 150hp.
                Flashbang does 25*
            Thats one thing that I like about their hero rate of release.

Look at most mobas and they release a new hero every 3 weeks to a month.

OW we get a four hero's a year.

Much slower power creep, much better balance. etc.
                Better balance? Lol. The game was more balanced at launch than it is now.
        That is very true! 
    [deleted]
        IMO, if they introduced v.42 on the Legacy map, it would have been a great game.
            [deleted]
                The new map encouraged a mid lane deathball meta, so whoever won the first team fight just steamrolled down mid while the other team had very staggered respawn due to the increasing death timers.
                    [deleted]
                        Not at all.
                            [deleted]
                                Grim was such a great concept, along with Iggy, Muriel, Zynx and a bunch of others, but the devs were fucking clueless when it came to moba balancing.
    Lol as soon a I read the title Paragon came to mind, still kinda sad about them shutting it down.
        You'd be hard pressed to find more gorgeous art
    As soon as I read the title, I thought of Paragon. Had more than 500 hours in that game. RIP. 

There are two things though, stun is the only thing that can counter flankers and no support has it. I think it’s fine as it is not, but they shouldn’t bring it any more.
    Stuns made me a sad Sparrow main. 
    I don't know much about Paragon's developers, but I do have faith in Blizzard that if it did become too much, they would do something to fix it. But then you would have a bunch of heroes whose kits were focused around a mechanic that got nerfed to the ground, just think about how bad Briggete would be if she didn't have shield bash. The point is to stop the problem before it becomes a problem.
        [deleted]
            I'm not a MOBA player - aren't you locked into a single hero for the whole match? I like to think that Overwatch encourages a bit more hero diversity since you can change as the situation requires
            Dota has 117 heroes but almost all of them are played at each major event. This is because the devs prioritize game balance over just about everything. If you gave icefrog 2 weeks with overwatch he could probably have it balanced better than Blizzard has managed to balance it in 2 years. However all the QPers and bronze players would cry that the heroes actually have a skill floor and things like mindless wall riding lucio wouldn't exist. 
                World of warcraft has been released in 2004 and blizzard hasn't done yet finished to balance and nerf its classes.
                    balancing is a never ending process, you gotta be dumb to think a game can achieve perfect balance
                        I can balance overwatch. Remove every hero other than soldier 76.  There. Balanced. Perfectly.  :P

Perfect balance only happens when all players are identical.
                > Dota has 117 heroes but almost all of them are played at each major event.

O RLY?

https://www.dotabuff.com/procircuit/hero-meta?start_time=month&end_time=now&region=all&min_designation=minors&max_designation=majors&view=overview
                    That's still 104 out of 116 heroes that are available in captain's mode picked at least once
                    Only 12 heroes weren't picked, and that's only at the pro level. All of those 12 heroes are viable at every MMR in pubs. Hell I have a 65%+ win rate on Necro and Bristleback with 200+ games played on each of them. 
                        Yeah thats only for the last 30 days. If you set it to patch 7.08 its only Clinkz Riki, Necro and WR that havent been played. Necro is the only one that surprised me on that list but I kind of suck at Dota (even though Ive played it since WC3 days) so what do I know. 
                    Look how almost all of them have at least 1 match played.

Some have their niches but at least they're getting some use.
                        Well... if you're using that as your metric for balance that implies that Overwatch is doing just fine in the balance department. DotA has 104 of 116 characters in use. That's about 90% of the characters, which is pretty good. 

This season of OWL has shown us all characters in use at some point except for Symmetra. That's something like 25/26 characters (96%) in use for at least one point in one map. Sure, they have their niches, but they're still getting used, right? 
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
                > an original idea

Ok but which part of Overwatch is original? OWL aside, the game itself uses no real "new" ideas, just a new combination of character abilities.
                    Overwatch isn't original. Project Titan WAS, but they scrapped it and turned what they made into Overwatch. The original vision was very ahead of it's time. 
                        I know some of Titan, but what made it ahead of its time? Genuinely curious
                            They were trying to make it the first major FPS looter with crafting and other MMO elements. The rumor is a lot of it was scrapped when Destiny was shown off. 

I somewhat wish we still got Titan 
                                So Titan was just Borderlands with crafting? 
                                    MMO Borderlands with crafting. Masively Multiplayer with a huge world.
                    Yeah I really don't get this either. Blizzard's development strategy has always been to take a popular idea and refine it to the extreme, for better or for worse.
                        And while they do generally refine it pretty well EVENTUALLY (*cough* Diablo3 and Starcraft2 *cough*), it seems like a lot of time they have a game idea but not a game lifetime idea. They STILL haven't made up their minds about Overwatch being casual or competitive (one-tricking may or may not be bannable, so meta picks may or may not be mandatory)
            They did change the cooldown reduction on mayhem for Anas sleepdart though, so Im sure theyre well aware of the problem.
            I still can't believe how long it took to get her to a reasonable place.  The original mercy re-work is almost a year old.
            I feel like judging Blizzard by a different team that made mistakes seven years ago is a bit harsh.

I think Overwatch has it's own problems but typically heroes released aren't terribly OP, and have a lot of interesting mechanics that aren't just hard disables (sleep, hacking, doomfists push, etc.)
                > I feel like judging Blizzard by a different team that made mistakes seven years ago is a bit harsh.

Jeff Kaplan was the designer for Wrath of the Lich King, the expansion u/morphoray is citing. It is literally the last thing he worked on before switching to Project Titan (2009-2014), which became Overwatch. Most of the Overwatch dev team was recruited from inside Blizzard as well.
                    Wotlk was a solid expansion for pvp; compared to the cluster that was Legion pvp. MoP 5,4 was probably the most balanced but Wotlk pvp was great.
                        DKs getting glad in blues was balanced.
            Ditto.

My last days of wow were spent mostly playing twinked chars in the 30-39 battlegrounds.

I had a 70 shadow priest that I had previously loved to PVP with at low levels...but the high level battlegrounds were just miserable.  Stun, Fear, Polymorph, Mind Control, Silence, Etc.  Even though I had the good fortune of being an undead priest, and thus having the old racial anti-CC ability, but it still felt like half of all encounters were decided by CC.

So instead I just had an awesome time in the 30-39 games (just felt like the best spot...no mounts yet, low-CC and nobody unlocked capstone abilities) for as long as I could before selling my account.

Abilities that cause others to lose control of their character are miserable to play against.  At least things like Sombra's Hack are "soft" CC in that you still have access to your primary attack (or junk's trap may halt your movement, but you can still use abilities and primary fire).  
            People put too much value on balance. It's pretty important, but if you have a character roster of 30 where a third of them are so stupidly bad that you could never justify playing them and the others are fine, diverse, and also fun to play that's a pretty good spot to be in. 

Starcraft 2 has been, at various points in it's life cycle, one of the most balanced games you could ever hope to play. At it's most balanced point, where it managed to actually surpass the statistical balance of *chess*, was where it actually was in one of it's worst spots in terms of actual gameplay enjoyment. Basically nobody wants that game to go back to the era of Infestor/Broodlord, despite the fact that statistical balance was sitting pretty at 50% across all match ups. 
            Ugh, flashbacks to Rogue/mage/priest and the introduction of diminishing returns.
                Played HARP rogue and SL/SL Warlock in 2v2 arenas to 2400 ELO in season 3... our entire strategy was to make it 2v1 by stun locking one target while DOTs ticked on both enemies. 

While I have good memories of that season, I would hate to see OW dominated by CC. 
                You forgot Druids.
                    I'm repressing
        I agree with your post 100% and yes she would be very bad without the shield bash, just like Hog would be useless without his hook. 
    Battleborn was the same way.  It was so easy to create an effective team of all stunners, and the equipment system in that game allowed the more toxic teams to accentuate the issue further.
    The stun update completely ruined it. That's exactly when I stopped playing.
    Literally just need diminishing returns to avoid this problem. 
        Diminishing returns would be nearly worthless, as few heroes survive even the first stun.
    Stuns and Slows is Smite in a Nutshell. Lemme see... Last god was Achilles? Yup, Stun. Before that? Cerberus... Yup. Before that? Discordia... She's got a root/confuse that's about as good as one. Before that? Hachiman... Check. Then, Artio... Lel... What does Artio not have?
    Stunlocking isn't what killed the game though. There were even plans to put diminishing returns on stuns (like Smite??), But the money Bois at Epic trashed it as soon as Fortnite started making a buck. You know, the company that makes one of the best engines out there but can somehow afford only a 20 man team.
    Aurora release meta was best meta
    Ah, the times I've been told to swap off my main and go someone with a stun. And the final insult was Wukong as this super slippery and mobile hero with a stun. Imagine if Tracer had genji's double jump and Brigittes shield bash.
    Paragons problems weren't the prevalence of stuns. Paragons problems were that it was run by people that thought they new better than the community about how to balance it.

Stuns can be on literally every hero in DotA (not even kidding, you can buy abyssal blade on every hero and it has an on demand stun), and that game is fine
Rein shatter stuns too, and his charge.

Genjis butt is pretty stunning too.
    Genjis butt stuns for about 10 seconds even after he turns around
        "My butt is a killer? WHAT DID YOU DO!?"
    Mei's freeze.
    bun stun
    His rocket hammer has a very slight CC as well, like Junkrat nades or Pharah/Soldier rockets.
    The same can be said of most of the girls. 
        it's a shame genji is the only male butt in the game. We could all be living the bi life if only blizzard would add more cute boys.
            Stop reading my thoughts dammit
            Honestly it's kind of an oversight that there isn't someone who is really, really ridiculously good-looking on the male side. Though they're certainly trying to make up for it with stuff like Lifeguard McCree.
                The real truth here is that Blizzard's favoring the rough daddies and ignoring the twink side of the Boy Meta. Lifeguard McCree does work but imo the next hero needs to be a cute twunk with a bubblebutt and also maybe the butt absorbs stun damage idunno just spitballing here
                    this is the gay agenda
                Reyes is really hot, but he's behind a mask in almost all his skins, so :(
We need a support that can "buff" allies with a Fortify-like ability, making them immune to CC. Zarya can sort of do this with her bubbles but I'd like to see one that can't be broken with damage.
    I suspect the next character will be able to do this.  The release of abilities have been at least soft counters to each other, intended to swing the meta game in a different direction.  

Ana's abilities made tanks exceptionally hard to kill (something Reaper and McCree excelled at) giving birth to Triple Tank.

Sombra (should have) been a counter to both tanks and Ana's abilities.  It didn't work because Sombra, like most operating systems, needed heavy patching to become good. Ana took a couple swings from the nerf bat to kill Triple Tank instead.

Orisa became the first Anchor Tank, and the first "remix" hero that used a weakened version of several other heroes skills to make a unique combination.  She allowed protection for less mobile heroes, making flanking far more important.  Proto Dive was born.

Doomfist was a direct counter to a rise in shields with nearly Tracer levels of mobility and huge hits to delete supports.  He was plagued by massive amounts of bugs, and efforts still continue to get him to a good place.  Dive locked into place as the dominant method of dealing with hiding behind shields instead.

D.Va, Junkrat and Mercy received some really big redesigns/buffs around this point, D.Va turned into a highly mobile assassin with tank levels of health and a get out of jail free card. Junkrat turned into an extremely powerful burst output character with the addition of double mine and faster RIP Tire.  Moth Mercy and the massive amount of changes to rez and the addition of Valkyrie only reinforced the dive meta, combined with junkrat's really high shield busting output turned tanks into a speedbump in teamfights instead of space makers.  

Moira was the counter to tanks getting deleted with absurdly high healing output.  Highly mobile, durable, packing the highest self healing and (high enough) burst capability to face off against a diver 1 on 1, she's a force to be reckoned with. Outside the near aimbot levels of skill in the top players range, of course.  She shifted a lot of power back to tanks, but dive continues to dominate due to the nearly limitless skill ceiling on high mobility DPS like Tracer and Genji.

Brigitte is the newest meta counter, encouraging tight grouping of less mobile heroes and with the ability to punish divers to the extreme, combined with massive reactionary burst heal to make dive targets much harder to kill.  I suspect a competitive shift will bring heavy hitters back into play to negate the armor penalties she provides to her team.  Hanzo's changes point in this same direction.  
        While correct, the issue I have with this design is that it keeps working by **escalating** the current situation.

It's basically an arms race. Instead of simply nerfing the spearhead point of the current meta foundation ,therefor making it fall apart entirely and forcing a new one, they keep adding stronger new heroes specifically to counteract a situation which might not exist any more later on (see: Sombra).
            Blizzard has been in the massively popular multiplayer game business for a long time. The biggest take away they've learned over a decade of WoW and Diablo patching?  No one likes getting nerfed.  It feels better as a player to have everyone else get buffed to match an overpowered ability or play style instead of killing off what makes it good. 

This gives the players a great feeling, but eventually causes skill bloat.  WoW occasionally pruined back skills and talents, Diablo 3 focused on giving seasonal players an easy to obtain gear set to drop characters along an intended set of skills. Heroes of the Storm  has such a large amount of single skilled characters that counterplay comes naturally.  

Blizzard is struggling to find that balance with overwatch.  Players get attached to the characters instead of the skills.  Look at this sub to see how many threads about Reinhardt needing buffs pop up. Hanzo will be the first to lose an ability that's being replaced with something entirely different.  (Sym's shields were turned into an ult, Mercy had rez turn into a normal skill). People aren't terribly it about the loss of scatter, it needed to go. Instead, the biggest concerns seem to be about how iconic it is from the short.  

        [deleted]
            Thanks!  The meta design of this game has fascinated me, you can clearly see the intention vs player optimization every time a new hero or map comes out.  

Emergent strategies like Hanzo floor scatters and Lucio rollouts can take a skill far beyond what it was ever intended for.  Glitches like Mercy slingshot get embraced while Genji's ledge dash gets removed.  The ebb and flow of the constant design dance is spectacular.
        Underrated comment 
        Hmm, why would you say that about Hanzo? From what I know, Hanzo's scatter was an intentional tank-buster, but people hated it, so they made a new, more fair, tank-busting ability.
            The reason people hated it was because it was incredibly cheap method of killing people. No hero should have an easy ability that can oneshot a tank. On top of that, scatter's potential to randomly kill unintended targets who were nowhere near where hanzo shot is just ridiculous. To sum up, scatter was an OP, luck-reliant ability that when utilized correctly was horrible to deal with, from both a balance and a gameplay perspective. Volley's (is that the name?) much better, because while it can still be used as a tank-buster, it's much more reliant on the player's ability to get shots off than scatter was.
                A sniper had the best close-range one-shot in the game
            [deleted]
                https://www.invenglobal.com/articles/4865/interview-with-overwatch-dev-tim-ford-regarding-symmetra-turning-into-a-defense-hero-and-the-channel-system

> Scatter Arrow was designed to melt tanks in the first place. However, it didn’t feel great to be killed by it in the actual game. It felt like you don’t get why you died? There were times players couldn’t accept it.

> To go into details, we’ll be keeping the damage as it is; we are aiming to change it to some other form that the person hit can accept. It would be more advantageous for players with good aim, I guess? It will be changed so that even if you do get killed, you’d approve of your opponent’s good aim.
    I would like a hero who reflects CC abilities instead. Give them a taste of their own medicine.
        Adding some counter CC would be awesome for the game
            Isn't that how paragon went to shit? 
                It went to shit because Epic cash•cowed out for Fortnite, but who can blame them. The heroes and gameplay is not what did it, the community tried so hard and Epic just gave up.
        Genji can do it to flashbang which is satisfying/annoying depending which end of it you are on 
            PTR testing indicates that trying to do this is suicidal now.
                How significant is the reduction to the hitbox?
        Give them an ability called "no u"
            Hmm they might want to go with something a little less meme.

Maybe "deflect" or something.
            Lol
        A character with no special abilities.

Passive: whatever ability hits you, you can use it as if it were your own with the same cooldowns and whatnot. Up to two. Holding Reload clears them out and lets you steal new abilities.
    honestly it would be rad as hell to see Orisa’s Supercharger do this 
        Trade overall damage buff for some CC resistance?

Would it lead to the same problem that Orisa suffers from when being ulted by a Roadhog?
            That is literally one ult out of hundreds of abilities that serves as a counter though. In all other situations, it’s a massive improvement.
                I think it'd be a downgrade if anything. The 50% damage buff is ridiculous, arguably one of the strongest ultimates in the game if used well. Making it just prevent CC is a MASSIVE downgrade.
                    It should do both. Its already not too overpowered.
    FYI her bubbles break after 200 damage. But that's hard to do under normal circumstances.
        As someone who plays a lot of Zarya, it pops all the time. 
            I flex Zarya a lot and I can never tell when it pops.
                When you reach ~~50~~ 40 energy from 1 bubble, it probably popped.

EDIT: My brain is in the past.
                    You can only get 40 charge per bubble since the nerf, but typically when you max out like that the bubble breaks or is very close to breaking. 
                        Yeah I literally noticed it in a game after I sent this comment, mb
                            I miss the good 'ol days of Zarya too :(
                    it's been a very VERY long time since you could get 50 energy off of a single bubble. they nerfed that ages ago.
                [deleted]
                    I mean I generally have an idea, as I pay a lot of attention to my charge and my teammates' positions, but I've never noticed a clear visual indicator nor have I played attention to that audio cue.

But thanks for the TIL!
        I beg to differ. The hitbox of the bubble is pretty big. If more than one hero focuses it, it pops pretty quickly
            So this is why the enemy Zarya is always at full charge.
                If you think you can kill zarya then you're supposed to break it. Otherwise don't
                    You can't use the charge if you're dead.
                Bad players shoot the Zarya bubble.

Good players don't shoot the Zarya bubble.

Great players know *when* to shoot the Zarya bubble. 
                    Yeah, if Zarya bubbles herself at low health you shoot the bubble. If she bubbles a teammate that's about to die, you *might* shoot the bubble unless Zarya's been wrecking your team because then you want to not give her charge more than you want to not let her teammate live. If she hasn't been performing well, let her have all the charge she can get and she won't hit much. Just be ready to counter a grav if you let it go on long enough.

There's a lot more to it than that, but I'm not a great player so that's as far as my knowledge goes.
                        Aw I think you’re great 
                        Also ok to shoot the bubbles when she's already full charge (a.k.a. glowing AF)
                            [deleted]
                As an offtank main who loves playing Zarya, SHHHHHHH! don't tell them!
                Zarya is a strange hero because when I verse her my team doesn’t understand the whole don’t shoot her or if we pop the bubble we have to kill her now situation. She also comes in handy for hog hooks and reinhardt charges 
                that's exactly what I was thinking.
            but you almost never wanna do that unless you are certain you can finish them off *and* the zarya is not gonna be maximum charge and coming for you, or it is the zarya and you can finish her off, of course.
                The tradeoff is quite simple, actually: positioning x damage.  
If you break her bubble, you probably catch her in a somewhat unplanned position, although at higher charge. You wait it out, she has time to reposition (ideally requiring more resources to kill her), but she'll be at a lower charge.

Sometimes her positioning makes it worth it, sometimes it doesn't. Just pay attention to where she is and where the extra seconds would allow her to be. She is slow, it's not hard to figure it out.
                Though if the Zarya is already maximum charge and coming for you...go to town I guess?
                    Or run
                        Running definitely helps, once I was playing a comp game and the Zarya was always full charge so I said to my teammates “let’s just wait in spawn for 15 seconds so her charge goes down” it helped
                            [deleted]
                                Range for sure. My hardest Zarya games were with speedboost and discord/mercy damage boost.
                    but if that is the case you should be nowhere near her :D
                >you almost never wanna do that unless you are certain you can finish them off and the zarya is not gonna be maximum charge and coming for you

Isn't one extra enemy + low charge Zarya stronger than max charge Zarya?
                    Ehhh. 200 DPS with 400 hp is a force to be reckoned with. Plus the bombs
                    Yes. And Zarya is easy to focus down if she doesn't have her bubble up too. Bubble or not, if you can focus a person easily, you should do it.
            Fair enough.
        So that's why my bubbles doesn't last anything while the enemies' seems to last forever!
        Also note that any instance of damage that would break the bubble is completely blocked. That way, bubble can completely stop things like Tire and Self Destruct
    Honestly, giving everyone Fortify for a little bit would make a lot more sense for Orisa's ult than what we have now.

Not only does it make more sense with her role and personality (she's more of a protector than a damage dealer), but it'd also be completely unique. We already have a number of things that increase damage dealt or taken, including Mercy's ult which is _also_ capable of damage boosting multiple team members. Plus, it could quite effectively deal with ults like Winston's, Mei's, and Zarya's.

I'm not entirely sure how it would do from a balance standpoint, but it would be interesting for sure.
        Maybe supercharger only applies the CC immunity part of fortify? That doesn't seem OP on its own
            That doesn't just seem "not OP," it sounds straight up weak. Immunitycharger would only help against, what, Grav and Blizzard? Earthshatter *IF* the Orisa herself wasn't caught in it? Maybe Primal Rage? Those are literally the only circumstances in the game that this ult would be reliably useful in. 

It would definitely need something more, though it's hard to say what. 
            I could see supercharger working like this instead of its current form:

- orisa ults, placing down bongo as normal

- it has 15m range, as normal (number could be adjusted but w/e)

- everyone in 15m gets the supercharger aura

- super charger aura gives CC immunity and 40% damage reduction 

- after 4-5 seconds, CC immunity aura wears off but damage reduction aura persists

=

And another "alternately": it could also just be range based where allies within a short range like 5m get CC immunity. The buffs could also scale based on range from supercharger or based on how far they are from supercharger.

=

ATM I do like Orisa as a hero and the ult is potent but it still definitely feels out of place. 
        I just kinda still hoping for a trample ability of some sort on Orisa, she's a horse lady got dammit let her crush fools! but I agree with you her ult should guard her teammates against CC, makes more sense for the hero concept
            Nano + Speed Boost + Fortify/Trample

I like this meta idea.
    I honestly thought this is what Brigette would do. I still think it's a bit silly that her ult is just lucio's ult reversed, rather than 'some armor + CC resist'.
    I had similar idea a while ago, but someone pointed out to me: What would it do to genjiblade? If you nano genji, blade, and then give him like a fortify ability, you've just created an unstoppable killing machine; at least with stuns you have some chance of stopping him.

When thinking of adding these new abilities, we have to ask ourselves, "how can we use this in a way that will end up OP?"
after getting CC stun controlled by mccree and brigette duos, I 100% agree
    Just imagine - being slept, hooked by Hog, stunned by Mccree and Brigitte and charged by Rein. Super fun.
        ironically, this is exactly what happens every time you try to charge as Rein
            And then the Rein that tires to charge you gets slept, hooked, stunned bashed and then you try to charge him but then you get slept...
        Happened to me as Zarya. I was, constantly and in no particular order: Flashbanged, Shield Bashed, Hooked, SoundWaved, Seismic Slam/Rocket Punched.

I despise having control taken from me ingame, and I couldn't do a single thing.
            Happened to me as Zarya as well. I had a game where I couldn't use any of my abilities because I was *always* hacked, and then got frozen or punched in the air and quickly killed by Doomfist. I had my ultimate for about 3 minutes without being able to use it, every push I got fucked. When I finally used it and our Genji used his ultimate, Sombra just cancelled everything with her ult, which she had every fight anyway.

An entire game in which I basically couldn't use any of my abilities. I don't think any member of our team got an ultimate off, they either got hacked or interrupted in some way.

I feel like with all the CC creep in this game, there needs to be some kind of better protection abilities. Zarya's bubble is of barely any use, too long recharge with how much stuff there is now, and she's actually one of the worst tanks to play against Sombra because she becomes a 200hp hero and is very dependent on using her skills to gain charge.

It's so sad that Reinhardt, an enormous armoured guy with a gigantic shield is rendered completely useless by the likes of Sombra, Doomfist and Brigitte. He cannot protect his team, he cannot protect himself, he just has a big "kick me" sign written on his back while the enemy team laughs.

I think Blizzard was *too* afraid of a new tank meta after adding Moira. Buffing Sombra, buffing Doomfist, buffing Reaper, buffing Mei, adding Brigitte. Right now, there is very little point in playing any tank except maybe Orisa, because with Fortify she is the only tank that isn't tossed around like a ragdoll and shut down with interrupts and knock backs. Right now I have no desire to play tank, or Overwatch to be honest.

Funnily enough, although Brigitte is meant to counter dive, the dive tanks (D.Va and Winston) are actually still better choices because of their mobility and ease of closing gaps or escaping. It's the likes of Reinhardt, Zarya and Roadhog who will have it even harder, and they already were out of the meta.
                Yeah. I agree. She's actually a better counter to those she wasn't meant to counter in the first place.

We're meant to do something in a game. We're meant to control, to move, to shoot, to... well, do stuff. Overwatch is moving to a meta where control is taken away from a player, and what's the point of playing a game if you can't actually do anything in it?
        Maximum cringe combo  
Hooked, flashbanged, bashed, slept, teabagged, charged into an ice wall right before charge ends (or Mei-be right after it starts)  
Also could add a little cherry on a top - earthshatter before charge!
        Every time that shit happens I feel like [One More Dude.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PUl9l2P540)
I don't mind Shield Bash as an ability but I think the cooldown needs to be longer. The idea of having a support that protects the back line is fine, heroes like Tracer have been able to just run wild since release and need a hero that can actually scare them away 
    That’s why I play backline doomfist if we already have flankers and aggressive enough tanks. Motherfuckers don’t come for my healers as often once I punch them into another galaxy. Nothing is more satisfying than rocket punching a tracer into a wall. It’s like swatting a mosquito with a baseball bat. 
        Until that sombra hack your ass
            If she's hacking and shooting me, she isn't attacking my support. If she's hacking me and shooting my support, my support still has abilities to help defend themselves and me while I try to bodyblock. If they hack and shoot my support, they get punched. 

EZPZ
                Lol, point though is to kill you, either the genji or another flanker. A good doomfist is such a pain in the ass that I had to go sombra that game just to keep him in place. He changes hero later
                    Hog or McCree will also fuck a Doomfist's day up
                Well DF isn't the most accesible hero for all players, at least Brigitte can be played by anyone to a considerable level of competence. I wouldn't trust all the DF in my team that I've had along my playing experience.
                You are the DPS that us support mains dream of
                Where do you find these supports that help instead of just leave you to die?
        > It’s like swatting a mosquito with a baseball bat.

Finally, someone put it into words.
    Agreed, I feel like she doesn't really get punished for missing a bash. (Which atm is very hard to do)
        The stun box was reduced in the PTR, it's not as easy anymore, but not that difficult either 
            The cone wasn't the problem, the cooldown is.
                Here's an idea, when she uses her bash she becomes unable to raise her shield for a couple of seconds. This way a Brigitte needs to actually think a bit about using bash as doing so leaves her vulnerable and bad bashes can now be punished.
                I mean, I agree that the cooldown needs to be longer, but the hitbox was kind of ridiculous. I'm glad they toned it down, but we still need the cooldown to be longer. 
        [deleted]
            That sounds like one of the best alterations I've heard yet. Have the bash cost a chunk of shield health so that if she does miss a charge you can focus her down and break her shield and punish her at least a little bit, atm you're right most flankers can do fuck all against the shield before she can reach and punish them: 
        I think it's because 1) the cooldown is super short, as mentioned, and 2) she keeps the shield up during and after the bash.

Besides the obvious cooldown increase, what if she was maybe exposed for a second while using or immediately after using the bash? So for example maybe instead of just thrusting the shield forward and keeping it up the whole time, she did so by swinging her arm to the side, briefly leaving her open to damage/cc. That way you could actually bait it out and punish it, similarly to how you can with flashbang, hook, charge, etc.
        Oops missed my bash. I will have it again before the enemy has any of his abilities again.

Balanced.
    [deleted]
        She can definitely not 1v1 anyone in the game. Melee characters have to be VERY powerful in a game like this since 90% of combat is at range. Half the game melee characters like Brig just stand there and offer nothing to the team. No poke, no damage, barely any healing, no nothing. To offset those moments of uselessness, they need to make the character HURT when she finally gets into range.

There is a reason why they said they didn't want to do melee-only characters early in development.
            Brigitte literally tells you how to counter her when she kills you. "You might want to keep your distance."

A Tracer within stun range of Burrito is toast. A Tracer staying 10m+ away and kiting her can fight to a stalemate *at worst*, and win an extended engagement.
                A tracer within stun range deserves to get bashed lol I don't understand why people can't just fight her at a distance like they do Rein.
        Let me preface this by saying that I am in no way trying to make any sort of comment on your personal skill.

---

What you have described is Brigitte in low-tier/quickplay.

A Brigitte that tries to be "aggressive as fuck"  tends to be killed *very quickly* by coordinated teams or individuals who know how to counter her.

Her shield is relatively tiny and weak, not even fully covering her feet from the front.

A missed stun either means you fail to protect the teammate being dived on, or you're now in the thick of the enemy team without your stun.

Might an additional second or two to some of her abilities be a reasonable nerf? Possibly, but we haven't even seen how she will perform in competitive play. You know, with people actually *trying* to counter her?

If anyone hates playing against Brigitte, they should try playing as her for a few games; They'll very quickly learn what heroes and tactics absolutely wreck her.
            How can you call a playstyle low-tier and counterable with coordination and then also ask for us to wait to see how she does in said situation? 
                I said low-tier/quickplay because for hero effectiveness and general level of coordination and accuracy they are functionally identical. You are technically correct in stating that we have yet to see her performance in any type of competitive play.

I'm saying to wait on significant nerfs to her until we actually see how she performs at a range of usage. I've watched/played enough of Brigitte on PTR and quickplay to see how thoroughly she can be shut down by certain heroes and by coordination. If she was absolutely dominating every quickplay game she was in and no team without her could win, then a nerf even before hitting competitive could be applied. The thing is, *she isn't doing that at all*. Players who prefer certain heroes or certain tactics are having a very hard time because her concept counters them, but we've had meta shifts in the past due to new heroes or changes to existing heroes.

This being said, I would love to have a long list of possible nerfs ready for Brigitte, so that we can have as many possible vectors to approach it from. Lots of people enjoy her concept, and none of her numbers are particularly strong compared to existing heroes. Mediocre DPS and HPS, even though her burst heal on other targets is decent (150hp, but 6sec cooldown means 25hp/s maximum). Lucio's Amp It Up gives more points per second than Brigitte's Inspire and Rally combined, even if the armor can occasionally give more value.
            Well said. And brit doesn't have high dps. Her healing is also slow. If she tries to play like a tank she just dies.

People who think brit is op are really not understanding the game imo. In my games, brit is always better in the passive. As the chinese say it, "attacking second so you come out first" Only in the occasional advantage would you rush the enemy. 
        Wasnt Lucio nerfed like 500 years ago because of his ability to reliably 1v1 nearly every character in the roster at the time? I know Brigittes spamability was on Geoff Goodmans list of "Things to watch out for" so we know that at least they are aware shes walking a very thin line.
    The CD is so short. I got bashed as Hog and I was like great now I can ult. But she already had it again! 
Rework Symmetra to make her left click beam stun at full charge.
    If your beam breaks, it stuns the target so that you can catch up again.

Shit we shouldn't give them ideas
        It should also stun when initially locking on. I feel these changes will bring Symmetra in line with other heroes. 
            No, it should begin a gradually increasing slow with the result of a full beam being a stun, to give it that nice "impending doom" feeling.
                Let's even change it from a beam. Maybe make it some sort of icy weapon? Like it gradually freezes them in place. I just feel like this makes more sense from an immersion standpoint.
                    That's a great idea, as a bonus, we should allow Symmetra to build a wall for area denial/blocking escape routes, but make it a sort of "ice wall" to match the new theme.
                        Hell, we could even change her ult to make it like /u/Jim_Harbaughs_Jeans's 'icy weapon', but omnidirectional and with a wide radius.
                            This idea might be a little out there, but on top of all of that and fitting in with this ice theme I'm thinking we should maybe let Symmetra freeze herself in a block of ice to self-heal. As it is now, if she gets dived on, she has nothing to get out of her situation. Letting her heal in that block while being immune to damage would help her out massively. 
                                I think it should also stun everyone around her when she goes in and comes out. We can't forget about the stun.
                                    And she's to skinny I think she needs to be  ㄒ卄丨匚匚 to withstand the cold of her redesigned abilities
                    And her barrier is too mobile. They should make it stationary. But maybe make it so people can't move through it, to trap them in with her turrets.
                Hell, let the beam heals Symm too
        Let hanzo keep the scatter but each shard is a stackable stun instead of damage.
        DELETE THIS
    Widow's rifle needs to stun when you aim it at people (because that's the only way I'll ever hit anything).
    Absolute cancer, so we'll probably see this in the game in a month or two.
Totally agree. More stuns would not be fun.
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            While DF is cancer to play against you can’t deny that he is one of the most skillful heroes in the game
                That never stopped people from complaining 
        So you subject yourself to unfun torture? Yeah okay.
Blizzard:  We hear the community regarding stuns in the game.

Community:  Thank you!

Blizzard:  Our next hero will be based on the fear mechanic.
    Oh God. I used to play WoW, and Affliction warlocks could stack you up with DoT effects, and then cast Fear over and over. All you could do was watch your character run around without your control, your health slowly trickling away.
        I remember the beta Warlock.  No CD on fear = feared til death.
    So another Mei? Please no.
        Mei you stop moving. Fear is you moving uncontrollably, but at least moving. 
Instead of stuns can we just introduce more unique CCs?

Like a blind, disarm, stasis (like mei but casted on an enemy), curse (enemy does reduced damage) etc.

It would be fun to shake up the meta with different CCs beside your typical OP stun.
    hirez did, and continues to do this with paladins. every new champ has some sort of cc. it comes to a point where everything either blinds, stuns, disarms, and ability that literally picks you up with no escape. it was completely unbearable. i bought overwatch and was happy mcree was the only "spammy" cc. hacking is kinda lame sauce but its not the worst because you can still fight back while hacked. df and rein's cc dont bother me because if they mess up theyll most likely get punished hard for it. freeze is almost as triggering as brig because its litereally a "hands off" experience with no real risk. i really hope they dont go down the "unique cc" route. some of the cc stacking is frustrating already, throwing more types in will just make it worse
    We need a cripple status effect. It would make anyone affected unable to use any dashes. It would be a nerf to mobile characters and not affect non-mobile characters at all.

They basically added this before on Zarya's grav (you used to be able to dash out of grav, now it disables all dashes.)
        In *Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda*, there was a great weapon used by an alien ship. They'd fire something called "mass packets", essentially super-heavy chunks of matter that stuck to a ship. The target being more massive means that its engines can't quite make it move as fast, and the alien ship could move in for the kill and roast it with plasma flamethrowers. It might be cool to see a character that can do something like that.
        So sombras hack? Also it can't be instant it will completely make tracer useless
Yes. It should also be noted Stuns are one of the least fun mechanics to be on the receiving end of. 

You don’t get to play. Even if it’s a fraction of a second, you don’t get to play. Not fun. 
    simply put, "nothing worse than not playing the game". i've been saying this about stunlock in mobas for years.
        I think it works in Mobas. Time to kill is a lot longer, and it doesn't make it much easier to click on someone who's stunned. You also have time to look around and plan on your next actions while stunned in mobas, but you don't really have enough FOV in Overwatch to do that effectively.
    I wouldn’t mind stuns that much if it wasnt for the fact that the ones stunning you can often burst you down on their own before you have time to react.
    And the worst part is that there are *so many* characters built around those mechanics. You have the ones mentioned in the post: Mcree, Hog, Bridgetta, and Doomfist, but you’ve also got Rein, who has two stubs which are supposed to combo, Mei, who’s entire kit is basically based around preventing people from escaping, Junk, who isn’t as bad but still has those awful traps, and Ana, who can literally incapacitate you long enough for the player to run over and teabag you and then run away before you can get up. 

I honestly cannot understand the obsession this game has with wrestling control away from the player. It’s almost never skill-based and is absolutely never fun or fair to watch happen to you. Under 90% of situations, if you get stunned, you’re dead. And there’s usually no way to counter it besides “Just don’t get stunned dude”
        With Rein, while charge does stun, it can be really hard to hit/easy to dodge, he can't do anything vut go forward while using it, and half the characters can stun him out of it. Shatter is an ult, get over it. It is easy to avoid and the scenarios where it is most useful are pretty rare
            Don’t get me wrong, Rein is in an awful place as compared to the other tanks, and as a Rein main, I wish he was nearly as viable as Orisa, but yeah, the inconsistency of his charge/shatter are two major problems with him. 
        I think some CC is basically required in a game that allows heroes like Tracer and Genji to exist.  Good players would be nigh unstoppable with them if there was no CC to help secure an elim. And the roster was rebalanced to eliminate the need for CC, it would be a very different game, probably something more like TF2.
    Stun was a huge problem in WoW PvP too. I guess they’ll never learn 
    And then if it kills you, you don't get to play for the 10 second respawn timer and however long it takes you to walk back to wherever you were.
        Ah so we should remove death from the game.
            Isn't that Mercy's entire purpose?
    This is platchat tbh. There are legitimate concerns to have over stuns, but mobas are FULL of stuns. You got to play at all moments before being stunned and chose where to be. This isn't to say that Brigitte is balanced by this fact alone, but that's the entire point of a stun: to keep them from doing anything. 

OW is in good part moba. There are genres where stuns are not a thing, but obviously it's a valid mechanic at a base level in OW.
        This needs to be a lot higher. I've been reading so many complaints about Brigitte in the forums and on Reddit, but nothing really from the streamers. IIRC, Jayne didn't think she would have much, if any, effect on the meta. Just because she seems OP in QP or Arcade does not necessarily mean she'll be OP in Competitive play. 

>OW is in good part moba. There are genres where stuns are not a thing, but obviously it's a valid mechanic at a base level in OW.

Exactly. If a game is focused around unique abilities that provide a particular advantage which is key to winning, avoiding the enemy's abilities becomes a central part of the game. Stunning, amongst other things (e.g., positioning), is one way to avoid certain abilities. 
            I love CC in games, especially a shooter like this. Otherwise we would just all be playing CoD or CSGO, oh wait, they have CC too, flash and stun nades, etc.    
   
I love how this game has MOBA elements, that's why I've played it since it released. And I won't apologize for my Brig defending.
                > I love how this game has MOBA elements, that's why I've played it since it released. And I won't apologize for my Brig defending.

100%. The MOBA elements force you to outsmart your opponent instead of relying strictly on aiming, I think Blizz has done a great job 
                    Sure. After I commented here, I looked through many more comments and found a lot of complaints about "not being able to control my character". Good, y'all getting a taste of PvP that transcends point and click.
            
>>OW is in good part moba.
>
>Exactly.

It has **aspects** of a moba. First and foremost it's an FPS. So balance it like an FPS not a moba. Cc creep is real.
    I agree with you. I know this won't happen, but if all stuns were to be removed from the game, I'd be cool with that.
        As long as dashes/blinks are also removed ;)
    Jesus, why is this the prevailing attitude in this thread. Every character is based around denying the other player’s fun. Killing people makes them unable to play for 10 seconds or so. Let’s remove dying.

In any multiplayer game, you need to accept that not every mechanic will make you have fun. It’s the nature of the game, and in a game for the most part dominated by the most mobile heroes, they need to implement things that allow players to counter mobility. This reduces the player’s of the mobility characters fun. Big whoop, it needs to if you want any of the non super mobile characters to have fun. And one of the most reliable methods you can stop mobility is a stun or cc of some sort.

A bunch of others in this thread are saying things like “Ana’s sleep dart, Rein’s charge, Mei’s kit, etc. is CC done right,” because they’re harder to do. But they also agree that any amount of being taken out of the game is bad because it’s not fun, and these take people out of the game for far longer. If the meta is based around mobility and they need to add heroes that can get around that, they can’t make it all hard to do, and so they make it shorter to compensate. 

I don’t play McCree. I find his flash bang much less annoying and “unfun” than a futile effort to hit a tracer with a character with no CC, but that’s fine by me. I play a hero who gets countered by them, so I have to rely on my teammates who can shut them down, and I don’t go on forums and yell about something being “unfun” because balance matters more than people mad about the meta becoming less easy. And really, I wouldn’t be surprised if that’s what a lot of mad people in this thread are mad about. How many of them try to flank and get bopped by a mccree’s flashbang? Because I’m willing to bet it’s, at least mostly, the players trying to dive and flank at heroes who can’t hit them because of lack of mobility, and not the backline heroes who don’t currently dominate the meta.

I think Brigitte needs to be nerfed, but Christ, this attitude of your fun needing to be constantly preserved is maddening.
        I can't say how much I appreciate this. Mobility heroes are good and interesting and push the limits of what can be done with this game, but they need to be countered or the game's balance will tilt in a pretty stale way. The point of overwatch is to switch; if you keep getting killed by brigitte as tracer, maybe you should be doing what the rest of us have been doing since launch; hitting that H button on death.
        > Jesus, why is this the prevailing attitude in this thread. Every character is based around denying the other player’s fun. Killing people makes them unable to play for 10 seconds or so. Let’s remove dying.

This is a dumb argument.  There has to be some consequence in the game, otherwise it becomes boring god mode.  The problem with CC's like stun etc is that it forces you to sit there an watch your now inevitable death.  And there are plenty of situations where you had no way to avoid it.  This is what's not fun.  A regular death is 10-ish seconds out of the game.  A CC means typically it's 12-16 seconds out of the game, plus the frustration of something happening that you may not have had control over.  And that doesn't even take into account if there's multiple stun characters all hitting you one after the other...

I think this problem has gotten worse because every character that's been released since launch has had some sort of super annoying CC.  The amount of CC has increased dramatically without introducing much, if any, counter CC.  So in a game where countering is everything, some characters have no ability to counter CC other than "dont get hit by it idiot".  Add to this Blizzard's penchant for making this game no-aim/no skill friendly.  If it required a bit more effort to stun a character, then I doubt it would be an issue.

I play tanks primarily, and CC is just as annoying for tanks as it is for everyone else...It's not a matter of "Hey we have loads of mobility in this game so we need CC." Everyone gets affected by this, not just the mobility heroes.
rein has 2 stuns, charge and earthshatter

for CC. junk and ana have hard cc
    I'd say Charge, Trap, and Sleep dart are all interesting CC. (Earthshatter is definitely a mass stun, but it's an ult and has a wind-up, so not quite as annoying as McCree or Brig.)

Charge comes with lots of trade-offs; Rein is stalled as long as his catch, Rein needs to consider eventual positioning, he can be stopped (by other cc).

Trap stops movement, but you still have access to abilities. Catching a character that relies on movement (tracer) is completely different than capturing a hero that relies on abilities (rein).

Sleep dart is interesting as it's a really hefty stun, but it's canceled if you take damage. So you're taken out of the battle but you do have a much larger chance of surviving.

Traditional stuns are generally pretty boring and as the rest of this thread seems to indicate, not a fan-favorite.
        Are we all forgetting about Mei? Her kit is focused around CC.
            I definitely was. Not sure why though... she wasn't even on my radar when I was typing it.

I'd still consider her CC interesting since it builds (and how it interacts with her ult). 

It's very strange how Blizzard treats her though. They are super cautious about buffing her and hyper-aware that she may become annoying. But they're fine with the half of the new characters having an immediate stun that is considerably more useful and even more annoying.
                [deleted]
                    Every game that adds content like OW suffers this, because pre-release they spend ages balancing every hero around one another, but when you release extra content you only really balance the new heroes against the old ones, not the other way around. So either the new hero sucks or they're OP, because companies don't want to rework 3 or 4 heroes to be effective counters every time they release a new hero
                I remember when Brig was new and I tried to ambush ult her team as Reaper.

One shield bash and I was instantly melted. 
                    A friend I play with frequently has given up on heroes with channeled ults completely.

Between Brig, McCree, and Mei, I don't think he was able to get off a Roadhog ult in a good 4 or 5 games straight. 

                The thing I hate most about Mei is that once the freezing starts it's a long but sure slippery slope to death (healer main btw) I feel like even boop can't save me because she catches up faster than you thaw, and THEN when my DPS friends come to kill her she just ice-blocks, then walls, so that's ANOTHER 5-8 seconds you have to waste on her. The entire kit is frustration, it's not like getting flashed and killed in a second
        I think trap is a 'root' in the parlance I've heard for defining types of cc before (I suppose it's basically the opposite of forced movement type cc) 

So is graviton I think? 
            Root is correct, but Graviton and Halt are pulls with a root.
        This is why all the complains about Brigitte feels so fake.

When people realize that some popular characters have stun as well, characters that have fan-armor,  then those are "interesting" stuns.

edit

Its always like this.
 
Blame the new heroes, and defend the old, no matter what.
            The difference is that most of the oldschool stuns have some sort of heavy disadvantage that keeps them in check. McCree has absolutely no survivability so the stun is his last resort; Mei's stun is slow and easy to avoid for the majority of the cast; Roadhog hook is technically a stun but it revolves around skill on both sides; Ana's sleep dart is incredibly tricky to land and much like McCree is on an otherwise defenseless hero; Reinhardt's charge is usually a suicide button while his ultimate is avoidable and counterable by shields; the list goes on.

Brigitte bypasses the usual restrictions by being tanky, having no penalty for missing her stun, and having her stun be almost instant. As such, it's just not fun to fight against since there is no real outplay potential.
                Taking this again since im being spammed with downvotes:
> having no penalty for missing her stun, and having her stun be almost instant.

This is also most  of them, and if Brig misses she is  in trouble. Unlike the others that has higher damage and ways of fleeing. And Ana is a long distance hero. Not Brigitte. Brig has to be up front.


I can not understand how in any way these facts are controversial. Is it that important to blame the new heroes for everything, and always defend the old ones no matter what?

edit

The mob is now are now calling people "retarded" for not falling in line. Toxic shit. 
            Nah brig can click every 5 seconds and stun with no downsides. No other character can do it that often without the player needing to do anything. I realize you like playing brig, but she’s overpowered. Stop lying to yourself and us.
    I think Ana’s sleep dart is cc done right. It’s a pretty tough shot to get off, long cool down, and the rest of her kit doesn’t necessarily guarantee that the sleep will result in a kill. She has to coordinate with her team, both to not wake the sleeping person and also to make sure that someone can finish them. 

Bridgette is basically the opposite though because it’s a short cool down, guaranteed hit, and done with no risk to her—she can easily duel most heroes 1v1. 
        And it cannot be stopped. McCree's and Ana's can be stopped by shields. As far as I know only Zaria's bubble or Orisa's halt stops the dang thing. 
It doesn't even do the dual knockdown like Doomfist or Reinheart when they hit another charging person. Bridgette can just stand in front of Doomfist and stun him out of a charging punch. 
            That's the thing that annoys me most about Shield Bash. It should not be able to stop Rocket Punch or Charge. 
                I'd be happy if it did the dual knockdown thing like when two Reinhearts collide. Right now there are few if any reasons for her not to pop off the stun if someone is in range. 
        But Ana’s sleep dart is also one of the weakest parts of her kit. It’s her only form of protection, but it is not only hard to hit on flankers, but also easily blocked by dive characters. It’s good on paper, but not in practice. It’s probably one of the most unreliable abilities in the game.

Im not arguing for or against CC, I’m just saying Ana’s is a bad example because it’s useless 80% of the time unless you’re facing clueless enemies. Ana’s CC is too situational, and Brigitte’s is too practical. I think a better example of good CC is Orisa’s halt. It’s useful, practical, but not oppressive. It’s a middle ground for CC, I’d say. 
    What "CC" stands for?
        Crowd control 
            To major Tom
    Isn't the effect of junkrat's trap more of a "root" ability than a stun? As in it roots someone to the ground for a limited time but they can still defend themselves/have some control save for movement. (although it's almost impossible to live through it)
        i never said it was a stun

CC means crowd control, meaning any kind of ability that disrupts the enemy by its ability alone. 
    Reins CC is super unreliable especially his charge. Reliable CC would be Brigittes instant shield bash or Mccrees flashbang. Reins shit gets blocked super easy or just doesnt work for bullshit buggy reasons.
My only opinion that I stand by is that I find it unfair that heroes with chanelled ultimates like Moira, Mccgoo, and thicchog's ultimates get cancelled via CC. I believe that all channeled and transfromation ultis should either get completely cnacelled with CC, or be able to continue after the CC with the reast of the ultimate not cancelled
    The best part is you can wait for Brigitte to use her stun, start your ult with literally perfect reaction tine, then get stunned halfway through your ult because fuck you, 5 second CD
        I remember when I found out that stuns cancel Moira's ult. I was less than pleased.
            As a Moira player, I agree.

As someone who also enjoys Sombra, I feast on Moira players' tears.
I second this. Too much cc will be what ruins the game for me eventually. 
> Hog - a staple in every team comp

LOL, that's not even close to what happened, Roadhog only rise in triple Tank meta, from Closed to Open and the first 2 months of OW, Zarya + Rein is the go to combo, D.Va was regards troll pick (wild pikachu), Winston is too squishy, and Roadhog was the sand bag to farm ult. 

Get your fact straight before say anything more.
Ok, then no more extra mobile heroes either. Look at TF2 - next to no CC, but mobility is limited to Soldier's/Demo's/Pyro's blast jumps and Scout's double (triple and more with some weapons) jumps.
    I see your point but TF2 is almost a completely different game at this point
        [deleted]
        It's still considered a game? I thought it was virtual dress up dolls with a few extra steps.
    I really wonder what the solution to mobility is, if we aren't supposed to have cc.

Are we supposed to buff mccrees damage so that he is retardedly easy to play at low ranks? 

The only other solution is accepting that mobility is always going to rule ow.
        Add disables like the did with Zerya's grav. It disables all movement abilites but allows everything else. That kind of debuff only affects mobile heroes really.
    This times a million. Stun is becoming a part of the game because dive is dominating the meta. Dive dominates the meta because the heroes are super mobile (not all of course) and they can easily maintain high ground. I don’t really see an easy way to solve the problem, but I think the stuns are necessary evil for the time being...
    That's almost half the cast of TF2. If you count engie wrangle-jumping more than half the cast have extra mobility.
        All of them but Scout suffer from self-inflicted and falling damage, which means their mobility makes them an easier pick. Demo, for example, loses about half of his health per jump. Soldier is the most resistant and has a secondary that makes self-damage negligible, but he has to choose between rocket jumping and firing at his enemies, because his rocket launchers can hold only 3-5 rockets and are slow to reload.
        They also made medic run at his heal target's speed at some point, so he shares mobility. The only people not mobile are the sniper who doesn't need it, the spy who instead uses invisibility and the heavy who has weapons and strategies to help with it. 
            The Medic has to use a specific healgun variant to keep up with Scout, and it has a weaker Ubercharge to compensate.
Personally, having a handful of stun heroes is okay, but I want Blizzard to stop with the stuns. 

Picture building up your ult, it's gonna be so juicy when you get it. You wanna go for the POTG and help your team win! You're not out of position, you have a healer by you and a tank in front. This is your moment, you're ready to unleash your max power. You press "Q", that sweet voice line is said.... and "BAM! STUN MUTHA FUCKA!" Not only that but as you're spiraling into the dark abyss of questioning everything that you may done wrong and the sad realization that your Ult is now gone, that hero kills you. Then they go for your healer. "Where did it all go wrong?", you sob to yourself on your walk of shame from spawn.

With the release of Brigitte, who is super fun and I love her, it seems like the Stun Mega Defense Meta is something we're going to be seeing more often, which is gonna reduce the effectiveness of a lot heroes and make ulting or even using certain abilities, something that you'll need a lot of luck and prayer to carry out.
    Since Brigitte came out and sombra was buffed, I don’t feel comfortable using any channeled ult. I know it was the purpose of this abilities, but damn it sucks to be in the receiving end of it. Plus I love dive comps. It’s super fun and is certainly difficult to pull off. 
        Even worse for Moira's ult is if you react to Brigitte's cooldown of her stun, given human reaction, she will still stun you half of the way into your 8 sec duration ult.
        If there's a McCree and Brigitte on the red team, just don't bother trying to ult as Pharah unless they're both dead. You'll insta-die and lose your ult. 
            And then you probably still need to worry about Roadhog hooks or D.va eating your rockets...

It's a hard knock life for any channeled ult right now. Part of why I've been playing more and more Sombra.
        A channeled ult would be one like Pharahs rockets right? I've been finding that harder and harder to use and Im only at low levels, just below silver. If bronze players can usually stop it easily I can only imagine what high level players can do. 
            They wreck you. As soon as you kill someone and they see you have ult in the kill feed you're their number one target. ;c
    If Brigitte stunned you, then you were probably out of position.
        It doesn't only apply Brigitte. There's Doomfist, Rein charge, Sombra hack, McCree stun, Road hook, and Ana dart.
Not to mention all the ability interrupters like Lucio boop, Pharah boop, Junk boop, Orisa pull, and at time Mei wall.

Edit: Also some heroes are prone to an instant Ult loss, like Mei, Road, Lucio, etc. So if the enemy team has one even one flanker with a stun they can just target them when they show signs of ulting and it's gone.
I rarely have issues with Brigitte's bash.  You just need to bait it, let her get just close enough to connect a bash and then scoot to the side with your movement ability.  Unless you're Zenyatta or some other low HP 0 mobility hero, you should be able to bait her out, and then all she has is a rocket flail and the flail itself.
Uppercut, seismic and rocket punch are essentially all stuns, so is the whip shot, sleep dart and hack is halfway there 
    Doomfist is pretty much an all CC hero, won't argue that, I don't have a problem with whipshot since it doesn't force you to be in an extra vulnerable position, sleep darts take skill to land, except on tanks, but they can usually handle it, and hack is a little obnoxious post buff, but that's not too bad.
        Doom is absolutely gigantic and has a relatively high skill floor compared to Brigitte. Half the time you have to use his abilities to escape too. Seems like you have some dislike of Doom?
            True. Getting killed by a cheesy doom fist doesn’t feel as bad as getting maced to the face with Brigitte. I hate her. 
                She's the worst. If she goes into comp. as she is right now I'm going to hate it.

With Doom it feels like you have a chance, against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.
                    >  against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.

It feels almost impossible to win a fight against Brig. She knocks you around on ridiculously small cooldown abilities and self-heals with her unlimited ammo melee attack that can't miss.
                        While I disagree with the extreme-ness of saying that it’s almost impossible to kill her, I think you articulated why she is annoying and should be nerfed as well as anyone I’ve seen explain her lol 
                            Thanks. Her 1v1 ability really highlights the problems. 

A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is absurd.
                    Stay away from her. Just keep at least 10m of distance and you should be fine. Play junk pharah sombra mccree or reaper and just shoot her barrier. She will be pretty useless against it. Don‘t get near her as long as you didn‘t break her shield. Focusing her from 2 angles is really good too. Just dont dive her solo with tracer or genji and you should be rather fine. I play and played a lot of brigitte cause i like her so much. But i can already feel a lot of people are getting onto playing against a brigitte. I honestly think she is not THAT strong. Keep distance my dudes ;)

Edit: some words. 
                        Basically everything you said is a recipe for a stale meta. Brigitte+Mercy as healers means it's risky for the enemy to dive (Brigitte) but you also have a really hard time getting picks (Brigitte heal+armor, Mercy heal+res). Gonna be a lot of Junkrat spam and sitting behind shields.
                        Just never leave spawn loooool
    Not all CCs are stuns. Rocket Punch has a stun (as in it will interrupt abilities and stop you from doing ANYTHING) whereas the rest of his kits are only CC in the form of ‘boops’. They move you but don’t interrupt anything and don’t completely rob you of control. 
    that's not true at all, DF punch stun is pretty worthless to DF himself as the animation for the punch is as long as the stun so hes not benefitting from it too much short of a point blank tap, and slam and uppercut are more roots than anything (and uppercut leaves DF sitting in the air and is easy as fuck to shoot down if you don't have punch to jump away)
    I wouldn’t consider whip shot to be, but I agree with you on the rest. I don’t think whip shot is any more of a stun than pharaohs concussion shot is. It’s a push, not a stun. 
        Same with uppercut and seismic. Rocket punch is DF's only stun as it will interrupt channeled abilities.
    Doomfist has a much higher skill ceiling and those abilities aren’t stuns besides rocket punch. Sleep dart is a slow skillshot that requires a lot of prediction and a long cooldown, whip shot and hack aren’t stuns, the problem is the instantaneous stuns with no counterplay. At least mcree flashes are deflectavle/blockable by shields and rocket punch almost stops a df in his tracks when charging
I know OW isn't a standard FPS but god do I fucking hate any form of CC.  I hate losing control of my character and not being able to counter things.
    I hate that there's a character who can reflect 80% of attacks sent his way, is nearly flying, and does extraordinary burst damage.
I hate that there's a character who has one of the smallest frames in the game, multiple teleports, a gigantic burst damage kit, and the capacity to wash off damage done to her and disengage at her will.
Both of those things make me feel pretty out of control as most characters, so why is your fun more important than mine?
        I'm talking about CC, not heroes having a loaded kit.  I don't particularly enjoy stuff like Roadhog hook, Mei freezing, Brigitte stun, Doomfist "stun"-ish abilities.
            Those stun abilities were brought into the game to counter high mobility characters. Dive *needs* some counter strategy and this is pretty obviously how they build it up.
        So. Much. This. I understand all the Tracer/Genji mains complaining about Bridgette’s stun. The rest of us, especially healer mains, have had to deal with constant bullying with barely any counter play from these heroes for how long now? How unfortunate that you can no longer sit in the back line and oppress the shit out of the squishies with no drawback.
            Preach. I find Brig's bash as annoying as the next gal, but honestly annoying Tracers and Genjis and Bliz's never-ending urge to lick their asses is infinitely more annoying and has been for two years vs the month or two Brig's been out. 
    What can't be countered? 
[deleted]
    1v1 against Brigitte as Roadhog is incredibly frustrating unless you get the jump on her. I just try to avoid her at all costs. 

Also fuck you if you play Brigitte in FFA.
        A healer SHOULD NOT be able to take on a tank 1v1. that shit isn't right and it's my biggest gripe with Brigitte. 
        > 1v1 against Brigitte as Roadhog is incredibly frustrating 

This sentence alone should raise eyebrows. Hog is a **tank** with 900 effective hp, minimum. He has a shotgun and chain hook.

A healer can currently beat him in a fight, easily.

That's fucking broken beyond all belief. The goddamn bruiser tank can't fight this healer.
        I can understand the frustration of having to deal with Brigittes in FFA.

But for a little but of math versus Roadhog...

Rocket Flail is 35 dmg, with a swing rate of one every 0.6 sec, coming out to 58.3 dps.

Whip Shot is 70 dmg, with a cooldown of 4 sec, coming out to 17.5 dps if we ignore travel time.

Shield Bash is 50 dmg, with a cooldown of 5 sec, coming to 10 dps when again ignoring travel time.

If we completely ignore that Brigitte can't be doing one of these while she's doing another, these add up to 85.8 dps.

At 85.8 dps, it takes 6.99 sec to kill a 600 hp Roadhog.

If you are trying to actually save the Shield Bash to interrupt his heal, this drops.

If you are trying to block his hook or any of his shots, this drops.

If he manages to get off a full heal, he has extended his life by 3.45 sec or more, and might be able to get off a second heal because of that.

---

Honestly, Brigitte's Repair Pack ability is a million times worse for Roadhogs because of her ability to save people when they do get hooked. It means your combo has to be perfect, and even then might not kill the target if the pack arrives and gives armor in time.
        Brigitte wont have enough damage to kill a Roadhog unless you all have the time do that 1v1, which rarely happens because this is a team game.

She needs to be close to be able to do anything and Roadhog shreds anyone close range.
    > But then, say, you attack her with a character like Sombra or Widow machine gun, and she outheals your damage, which is annoying since not a single other healer outheals your damage (except in bursts, like Moira).

I'm not sure how you got this impression.

Brigitte's only self-heal is Inspire, which heals for 80 HP over its 5 second duration. It cannot be stacked, only refreshed. That is 16 HP/sec.

For scale, Lucio's **un-amped** passive healing is about 12 HP/sec, and it's about 35 HP/sec when amped. Mercy's passive regeneration is 20 HP/sec. Moira's self-healing when draining someone is 30 HP/sec, and her orbs heal herself for 75 HP/sec.

Even Zenyatta's shields regenerate at 20 HP/sec after 3 seconds, and Ana has her 100 HP burst self-heal every 10 seconds.

So really, I'm not sure how you got the impression that none of the other healers can out-heal your damage against themselves, when the reality is that almost all of them do it better.
        I think it's more that they can out heal damage in bursts, or have to be taking another action. Brigitte self heals by being aggressive which is perceived as more effective because she hurts the other player as well. Lucio might be able to out heal with amp in a fight but only for a short time, moria is the only one that benefits from being aggressive like brigitte
            Also Lucio doesn't have periods of not taking damage while healing himself. Brigitte can put up a 600 hp buffer shield while healing, and stun you while still healing. Lucio can be killed semi easily while in healing mode, whereas Brigitte requires a bit more of a focused effort to bring her down.
    To add to McCree's flash: he has standard movement and standard health.

Brigitte has a shield to work with in order to help her get closer to the enemy, *and* she doesn't have to let the shield down/sacrifice some protection in order to use her bash.

McCree has to be a lot smarter about how he pulls off a flash. He doesn't have a shield to protect him against an enemy that's dueling him, he is slow, and his gun requires a lot of aim for him to fight back. Brigitta requires 0% aim to hit an enemy in her proximity.
    Would you try to 1v1 a Roadhog as a Winston? Would you try to fight Tracer 1v1 while playing as Orissa? Or maybe you'd like to fuck Genji up using Mercy?

Those are all stupid decisions. So is trying to fight Birgitte 1v1 with Roadhog or some of the DPS roster.

As with the examples above, some heroes just counter others. Birgitte counters heroes that often just don't have a counter, but she gets fucked up _hard_ by any hero with good range. Soldier with good positioning devastates her. Any Pharah murders her. Widow destroys her. 

If you're ever in a position where you're required to 2v1 her, it's because your team is making stupid decisions, not because she's too strong. If the enemy team has a Pharah, someone on your team should play Soldier/Widow/McCree. If the enemy team has a Genji, someone on your team should play Winston. It's the same story with Birgitte: counter her, or die.
        > It's the same story with Birgitte: counter her, or die.

Maybe that's the struggle people are having with her. While some DPS excelled at killing supports in general, some of the most popular choices for it typically don't excel at killing Brig. Hell, she can't even heal her team unless there's a warm body for her to beat on, otherwise it's a CD based single target heal. 
        > So is trying to fight Birgitte 1v1 with Roadhog or some of the DPS roster.

>It's the same story with Birgitte: counter her, or die.

If a healer can't be countered by Roadhog, then there is a massive fucking problem, dude.

            Why should one tank hero be able to counter every hero in a category?
                Because it's not just "a category." It's specifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer.
                    > cifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer

Why? I'm not trying to argue with you here, just trying to understand your thought process.
                        A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is quite possibly the most ridiculous thing I can imagine in the game.

If you aren't able to understand that, I honestly don't know how to explain it further.
                            How do you account for hybrids here? Lucio's _primary_ purpose has always been about speed aura, with the healing as a secondary bonus. Zenyatta's healing is mediocre at best, and his _primary_ purpose is Discord Orb (he also murders Roadhog from a distance). These two are DPS + healer hybrids.

Birgitte is a tank + healer _hybrid_, meaning she fulfills aspects of both roles. As you said, this literally means creating space while also providing support. 

If you want to stick your head in the sand and complain that Birgitte _just isn't fair_ instead of adapting and finding ways to deal with her, that's kind of on you. Her DPS sucks and is easily among the lowest in the game. It takes her more than 15-20 seconds to deal with Roadhog, who could instead back away and find a better target. Or you could actually break her shield (which is stupidly easy for Roadhog) and totally deprive her of her core tools.

Or you could, you know, either swap to or encourage your team to play a counter to her.
The other day I was nanoboosted playing Winston attacking final point Eichenwalde.

Even with half HP I jumped in, got reduced to near death and Primal Rage'd.

Then this happens:

* Rein Shatters
* I get up
* Sleep darted
* I get up
* Brigitte Bash
* I recover
* My team is dead and Primal is over at this point.
    That’s some stellar teamplay by your opponents.
    But what you explained is a well balanced scenario actually... 

There SHOULD be counters that aren't just damage based to someone being (basically) invincible and highly mobile. The biggest counter to highly mobile heroes is CC. Without CC dive comps become even stupider. 

This game IS enough moba'ish that counter picking or swapping off heroes due to bad matchups is a thing. You shouldn't BE playing winston into a team with high CC unless you have a zarya or something that can help you out in situations like that. 

If a team decides to blow an ult, a hard to hit skill shot (ana dart) and a stun all on you. You SHOULDN'T get to do much if your team isn't backing you up. Like if you don't have a rein shielding you after the initial rein ult, or a zarya bubbling you out of that CC... or SOMETHING running interference so you don't eat all of their CC, you should eat it all. 

I mean a team that is smart enough to use rein ult on you, sleep you without waking you, and then bash you at the end deserves that. Especially if your team doesn't have the comp or doesn't try to assist you at all. And it's also your fault for playing into it. You have both a leap and a shield to avoid rein ult. 

        > You shouldn't BE playing winston into a team with high CC

Fair criticism. Like I said on another reply we thought it would be possible (last point) and they changed to brigitte last minute.
    And don't forget when you play as a tank but most of the time you are flying because Junk's mines send you to the stratosphere, just to get back to earth and get stunned 
    My question is why you were playing winston into a comp that can easily cc you when you dive. I don't know the rest of the people there but none of that would happen to an Orisa.
        Fair enough we really though it would be possible.

I'm gold btw
Just one question. Wouldn’t mei count as a cc stun? With her freeze slowing you down and freezing you, especially when it doesn’t have a cooldown, aside from having to reload. Not to mention the fact that she can stall for a ridiculously stupid amount of time.
    > Wouldn’t mei count as a cc stun?

Mei's freeze takes 2-3 business days to activate.  90% of the heroes can use a skill to escape / reset the effect instantly.

    there is a difference between quick stuns that are bullshit and not deserved (brigs shield bash) and ones that actually take time or risk 


meis freeze needs both time AND risk so when ever i get frozen i dont really complain because that took skill.
chaining stuns is also pretty unfun.

as for cc, you forgot mei. technically rein's charge pinning you and his ult. also ana's sleep. also junkrat's trap is a root. 
Blizzard seem to be short on hero ideas that don't involve stuns or shields. I'd rather they take time off to come up with some new ideas instead of releasing a hero every 6 months which is a headache to play against.
    Guess you forgot Moira, the second-most-recent hero released.
        True, but she still fits in the annoying-to-play-against category with her insane healing, damage and survivability. The only original hero which annoys me is Junkrat, the rest are ones which were added after release.
            I hate the rat too haha. So, so, so much...
What are to talking about? I love having 5/6 of the enemy team being able to cancel my ult with a single button press.
I heavily disagree we should set limitations to hero design
We are getting more stuns over the years, that's guaranteed but I'd like to see some buffs that reduce those CC, cleansing abilities, immune abilities,.... that way you can baalnce out those stuns
Ana has a sleep dart, which is basically cc/stun. And rein has charge and his ultimate. So you really can do a 2-2-2 team of stuns.

My personal opinion is that the stun/cc mechanics are unfun and shouldn't be in any pvp game. But almost no one will agree with me on that.
+1
If were limiting CC then we should limit heroes with movement skills too.
If anything I think they should rework some stun abilities into roots or slows, not even just stopping additions of new ones.

Game used to be really fun, now it's just sometimes fun and mostly aggravating. 
I'm not gonna go into arguing if Brigitte needs nerfing or not but I do agree with Jeff that she was needed in the game as a counter to dive which has literally been the meta for a long time now. In that sense I don't think her stun is that bad....
    I think she’s actually a huge Reinhardt counter because she can bash through shield and knock him back with minimal setup and just a bit of team coordination. That seems contrary to what she was designed to
        But it feels like everybody counters Rein's shield they add in. Not exclusive to her
    Problem is a lot of people feel she counters other things better than what she was "designed" to counter.

I'd argue that against an actual well-coordinated team she does nothing to dive. She'll stop a Winston going in alone sure, but if the team knows how to focus targets as any good dive should I honestly don't think it really makes a difference.
I feel it's really only Brigitte's stun that is the lowest skill cap. roadhog has becomes a significantly more skillful hero, and with McCree you can't get value out of just his stun, but with Brigitte, not only is she nearly impossible to 1v1 with most heroes but she can hit you 4 times and your dead. Now her swing, stun, swing, Rocket mace is probably the last skillful combo in the game. I think you're misdirecting all this anger at stun heroes in general as opposed to the ridiculously long lasting Brigitte
    You can totally get value out of just McCree's stun, you can cancel some ults with it.
[deleted]
    As someone who has over 2000 hours on TF2, I can relate
        I feel like at this point if someone played TF2 they have over 2000 hours on it. 
            TF2 is one of those hit or miss games. Either you don't like it or you become completely obsessed with it. 
                tbh, the only reason I like overwatch is that it captured the TF2 feel.

And TF2 lost that feel by spamming us with ugly-ass hats.
    >No one complains when they get stunned at Max range because it's a very short stun and takes skill to land due to it being a slow projectile.

If no one complained, then why was it nerfed in Jungle Inferno patch?
    Flashbang is needed for McCree to be useful vs flankers. That's his only unique identity right now.
        Yeah otherwise he’s just kinda average DPS with not much cool about him. His stun punishes you heavily for getting too close to him
    If there were no stuns or cc, there would be no mobility.


i agree 100% yesterday i was playing with roadhog, enemy team had mccree brigitte ana and some other heroes the map was volskaya we were defending second point when they came from the narrow way on the left side of the defenders, i got there had my ult and pressed q brig stunned me before my ult was even drained, then i tried again but mccree had his flash of course and this time my ult was drained, i tried to get the f out of there but ofc ana slept me left me so angry even my friend in the group was laughing his ass off.
They should just make Rein's shield block Brig's stun. Poor Reins are getting slaughtered out there.
CC is helpful/borderline-necessary to deal with high-mobility dive/flank characters - the problem is that it's even more effective against low-mobility characters.
I'm more about no more shield heroes. Just seems like they give way too many people shields. Symmetra, Winston, Rein, Orisa, Brigitte, Zarya. I'm just sick of shield spamming. :( 
Are we forgetting that Mei and Reinhardt had CC on launch? While “Pinned” and “Frozen” aren’t exactly Stunned, they end up serving the same purpose: the enemy cannot move or act at will. Reinhardt’s ult is either “Stunned” or “Knocked Down”, which also serves the same purpose.
It's already a lot.

Heroes with normal stuns:

* **Anna** Sleep Dart (12s CD)
* **Reinhardt** Charge (10s CD, telegraphed)
* **McCree** Flashbang (10s CD, splash)
* **Roadhog** Hook (8s CD)
* **Brigitte** Bash (5s CD)
* **Mei** Endothermic Blaster (M1, 2 second channel)

Heroes with normal shove:

* **Pharah** Concussive Blast (12s CD)
* **Orisa** Halt (8s CD, telegraphed)
* **Doomfist** Rising Uppercut (7s CD)
* **Junkrat** Concussion Mine (8s CD, 2 charges)
* **Winston** Jump Pack (6s CD, minimal)
* **DVa** Boosters (5s CD, minimal)
* **Doomfist** Rocket Punch (4s CD, telegraphed)
* **Brigitte** Whip Shot (4s CD)
* **Lucio** Soundwave (4s CD, splash)
* **Reinhardt** Rocket Hammer (M1, minimal)

Heroes with normal slow:

* **Symmetra** Sentry (10s CD, 6 charges)
* **Junkrat** Steel Trap (10s, triggered)
* **Mei** Endothermic Blaster (M1)
I highly disagree. Barriers are very good at blocking damage, but do people run 3 barrier tanks and Symmetra? Healers are extremely important, but do people run 5 healers?

People have to remember that a team still only have 6 characters. Running a cheese comp that max out something means you are giving up something else.

So let's say you're running full CC comp right now, so McCree Doomfist Reinhardt Roadhog Bridgitte Ana. Remember that Reinhardt can both charge and Earthshatter, and Ana can sleep, and this is a full hard CC comp (I'm not sure why you don't consider Rocket Punch a hard CC, since it's actually a stun, not a air-strafe-lock like his other abilities). So if you're playing Winston and you jump in, you will immediately get sleep dart, Reinhardt will charge you to a wall, then Doomfist will punch you against that wall again, and if you still survive at this point, McCree will flashbang fan the hammer you, then Bridgitte will shield bash you so that McCree can fan the hammer again. Roadhog can also hook you, then you get stunlocked till dead. Or Ana can just sleep you from range, then Doomfist punch you to a wall.

Sound pretty horrible right? Of course not. You need to play to their weakness, not their strength, and as you might notice most CC, despite being really easy to land under the right condition, can be also easily avoided by not letting that condition appear. If you think about it, this comp doesn't have a lot of mobility, few range options, and only medium amount of heal. Doomfist can't attack together with anyone, and if he get in by himself he can be focus fired down. So he is stuck behind Reinhardt's barrier. What's good against a team with 3 big hitboxes, low mobility, only medium heal, and lack range? Good old trusty Junkrat Bastion Orisa comp. Stay on high ground to make it hard for them to approach. Keep the Orisa barrier up to stop long range sleep dart and hook. Spam down that Reinhardt barrier and this team won't last very long. For bonus point, Bastion is resistant against knockback and Orisa can be resistant to stun with Fortify.
Stuns should only be implemented if they are conditional. Reinhardts stun is his ultimate and despite that it still takes certain positioning to make it work and it is very obvious when it is coming. Stuns like that are fine.

Stuns that require nearly no skill and/or have low cooldowns should not be a thing in an fps game. If mobility heroes are an issue nerf them or create better maps but don't add more stuns to the game that supposedly help against those heroes. Because stuns help against all heroes.

I agree, we certainly hit a stun threshold and at this point there is no need to ever add another one to the game.

And while at it the same is true for easy-to-play heroes. There are a boatload of heroes in the game that are very easy to play with little to no challenge when it comes to mechanics. That's fine too because not everyone has an fps background. But at some point it needs to stop. No more heroes that have massive impact just by pressing a button without any form of skill requirement. Heals, barriers, damaging or cc-ing abilities of any kind - they should all need to be aimed or timed in some form. Less brigitte left-clicks, more ana-sleepdarts. 

I am still waiting for a hero that introduces the shock-combo from UT. Insane requirement on skill, ultra flashy when it works. I can not imagine something more hype than someone hitting the sickest air-shockcombo in an owl match in front of 100k viewers. Everyone would lose their shit. Do it Jeff. Bring skill back to overwatch.
    Man, I miss that rifle. 

I'd love to have it in Overwatch.
ITT tracer and gengu mains that are mad that they can't just faceroll back lines anymore
    I play a lot of Rein and healers. FUCK playing against Brigitte.
    "My no-skill press-to-not-get-hit button should require SKILL and AIM to counter! Healers should be free kills! RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE" - literally this thread.
Make ana nade and darts remove stun instantly on hit.
I totally get it, cuz brigitte is annoying, but what's the plan to stop characters like tracer from just running rampant? 

The idea here was to counter dive right, but as said by others: any cc meant to target a highly mobile character will crush an immobile one.

What if they did something like this: remove her self healing (she can still heal others obviously, and then re add it to the ult if need be) and then tweak her shield bash. I think it would be fairer if it dashed farther (bare me with me) but also couldn't go through shields (her shield would just collide with the other one). This way she's not an unkillable tank support thing (she still has enough self defense) and she can't just shut down the immobile barrier characters.

You see, I don't think the ease of cc should necessarily be the main consideration, but more how versatile it is. As of right now brigitte is pretty silly because she can almost always be in and get in and with the right comp it's hard to punish, but if she's changed in such a way to where she (and her stun) is strong against one set of characters but weak against another, then maybe her stun would be in an okay spot.
    Certainly not introducing a character that stops a character like tracer from just running rampant, since then characters that do not just run around rampant, are utterly fucked more than her
We need more guns in this game. The last 3 heroes have weapons that require little to no accuracy.
    While Doomfist doesn't require accuracy the way a Soldier/Widow/McCree does, missing his abilities on targets typically leaves him vulnerable to being dead with a quickness. Definitely more skill involved him playing him effectively than Brig/Moira.
        Truth. Being able to *flick* your Punch to an enemy's trajectory is how you get kills with it. Tracking is very important too, because his little knuckle shotgun is key to finishing off weakened enemies.
    I wonder what high-skill, high-risk, high-reward support hero Blizz will add next
    And unlimited ammo.
    They also have little to no damage.
I think most people would agree that whether OP/broken or not, Brigitte is just *not fun to play against*, to a much greater extent than the other offenders like Sym or Widow. 
[deleted]
RH shatter is a stun, Ana´s dart is a stun as well.
Just add a pvp trinket and we will be fine /s
Less cc and do blinds or disorientation instead(flash bangs or concussion?)
As a doom main I'm dreading the day she gets let into comp...to all of us unappreciated doomlords...God rest our souls
I don't think it's such a big deal. Unlike damage, using a bunch of stun abilities on a single enemy has diminishing returns as the stun durations overlap. It requires more skill and coordination to maximize effectiveness than simply damaging the same enemy does.

I actually think adding in more abilities that can work together without losing effectiveness is more dangerous to the game. I'm be much more scared of Orisa \+ Sombra \+ Roadhog than 3 Roadhogs.
What about other types of abilities then, like mobility removers ( Sombra, Mei, Junkrat trap, etc.) what is your thoughts on more things like that?
Im waiting for a true flash bang hero so I can relive my CS days of panicking to find a box to hide behind while my screen is white. 
I think stuns arose from the huge gap in mobility.. shit is getting ooc though..
As long as a character with a hard stunlock exists, nobody can bitch about soft stuns.
Brigitte already has bash nerfed in PTR:

>**Brigitte**

>**Shield Bash**

>Cone angle reduced from 90 to 60

>**Dev Notes:** When fighting against Brigitte, it often felt like Shield Bash was able to hit you when you felt like you should have dodged it. On the flip side, when playing as Brigitte sometimes you would hit the wrong enemy in the middle of a fight. With the cone being reduced the ability is more accurate to its visual representation.

The problem is that the mobility creep in the game is getting out of hand, and the easiest way to counter that is more CC.  Most hero introductions/buffs since release have included some sort of movement ability, from heroes like sombra and moira to abilities like junkrat's second mine and hanzo new leap.  

What we need is more antimobility abilities that aren't hard stuns.  Give a hero an inverse Lucio passive which slows movement in an area, or let some builder hero build a gravity well like mei's ult without the freeze.
More heroes like Zarya who can protect allies from stuns could help. Or even dispel existing stuns!
There’s more than enough stun heroes. And also, I know there’s only one but no more aerial heroes either, I hate Pharah. 
You need CC like stuns in a pvp game, those type of effects help with building counters to other heroes.

I do agree, not every hero needs one.  The heroes that have stuns in Overwatch feel like they need a stun, it fits into their kit.

For Brigitte, you can see her coming.  She's loud, you can hear her armor clanging around. We've all been in that situation where we went too deep with Brigitte - you get punished and die quickly.
I didn’t really think about this, but it’s going to save Blizzards ass if they don’t listen.
>Same with Hog, in the Beta up to his nerf, he was a little crazy, and a staple in every team comp 

No, he was only ever a "staple" in triple tank comps.  No one played Hog in S1 due to everyone running Rein Zarya all day and he was also trash (really bad ult battery) in S1 due to discord and not used that often in S2 due to Ana anti + sleep. In S3 he was pretty good but he left the meta due to dive comp before his gun ever got reworked to the nerfed version in S4. Hook 1.0 felt unfair to everyone involved (especially hog) but starting from hook 2.1 on getting hooked was entirely fair. 

You didn't mention Ana, who has one of the longest stuns but also most skillful, or Rein, who could shatter a whole team, or Mei, who technically has a stun with no cooldown even if it takes work. 

Almost every stun ability has some serious downside to it (most often being range or requiring good timing) to prevent it from being easy kills, so I honestly have no issue with it. 
Ana is a stun hero, although her stun is by far the most skilled to use. So is Mei, except she is "freezing" people \(but it is literally a stun\)
Cooldowns:     
Ana Sleep Dart: 12 sec     
McCree Flashbang: 10 sec     
Hog Hook: 8 sec      
Sombra Hack: 8 sec     
Junkrat Mine recharge: 8 sec     
Doomfist Seismic Slam: 8sec      
Doomfist Uppercut: 8sec      

Brigitte Shield Bash: 5 sec      
???

Shield Bash's cooldown is hideously short compared to every other hard CC in the game. Why it isn't 7-8 seconds I don't know. Would make it much easier to punish Brigitte for bad shield bashes and make her think about when to bash.
Personally I like it because it adds a new dimension to the gameplay, just like Sombra and her hacks/invis. And its really necessary if you're going to have multiple extra-mobile dive characters like Tracer. Sorry, but the previous dive meta was NOT fun.  

I will say they should probably release some sort of anti-CC hero in the future before releasing another stun hero, though. Not really sure how it would work (maybe a tank with an ability to block any CC in an area over X seconds, kind of like an AOE halt).
i feel like there are other things that contribute to CC that dont necessarily "stun".

Doomfist uppercut and slam both take away all mobile options without having to use a cooldown. Orisa pull kills ALL momentum. Ana's sleep dart. 

It's just a lot of "I feel like i can't play the game cuz these abilities are always shafting me"
    Knock up and knock back, pull and root, and a mez. Not stuns. Crowd Control is pretty broad. We also have slows, Mei and Sym. And prot shred, Zen.   
   
People that play shooters aren't used to CC being a thing. I think it adds more to the game than just point and click.
A well-thought-out argument. I think you have an incredible point. 
New Hanzo has you covered, he destroys Brigitte. He can wall climb away leap away and destroys her shield in seconds. 1 full charge arrow, volley, and shield is gone. If Mercy is damage amping him, he slaughters. One headshot with his volley and you are dead.
With mobility reigning supreme, crowd control abilities are freat. We DO need CC heroes. To force Genji and Tracer to switch. Then if their Genji and Tracer are crap at scan hits or Pharah or Hanzo, you have an advantage.

That is great, that is the whole point of the game. It is the only way to force meta change. I am hoping Maximilian is a crowd control Defence hero, with disruption ranges abilities.
I made a post on the OW forums about this shit. Out of the 6 heroes they have added since release, 4 of them have an ability that takes away control of your character. Sombra, Ana, Doomfist, and Brigitte. That is insane. No wonder heroes like Reinhardt can't catch a fuckin break. His shield means nothing
Disagree. Damage shouldn't be the only measure of a team fight. CC is a huge stopgap for highly mobile (damage) teams. Dive comps would be much stronger without CC in the game. Heroes like tracer would be much stronger. 

There's a balancing point, sure, but currently, you have:
 
Offense: 1 out of 8 heroes with hard CC

Defense: 2 out of 6 heroes with hard CC

Tank: 3 out of 6 (including Zarya Ult)

Support 2 out of 7 with hard CC. 

I'm not including doomfist, sombra hack, orisa halt/right click or pharah boop in this because those are all soft skills that don't really translate to the stuns you are talking about. I am including zarya ult because while it isn't a stun the magnitude of the crowd control it offers is enough to place it in that category. 

So that's 8 out of 27 heroes with hard CC. A ratio of 8 : 19. Or 29.6%. 

That's really not enough amount of CC. And a lot of those CC's are either ults, or they don't have a long CC time. They are quick stuns. 

edit: this includes brig.
I may be in the minority here, but I'm actually pretty happy with Brigitte's bash where it's at on the PTR.  I don't really mind that it has a lower skill ceiling to use since Brigitte herself is so very counterable - a swap to Pharah, Widowmaker, Soldier 76, or any other longer-range hero from a flanker that she's shutting down would then necessitate a switch off Brigitte since they shut her down so hard.  That would be the game working as it should.  I can see the new Hanzo ability too being something that will really put some pain on Brigitte.

I don't think we're anywhere close to the point where the game is becoming saturated by stuns or CC.  If anything, I'm happy that we have one that is a more reliable shutdown to the Tracer/Genji meta.  Winston and McCree are all right at it, but even the pros don't see a Winston or McCree and think "okay, time to get off Genji or Tracer."

Yes, Brigitte will cause a lot of anguish for Genji or Tracer one-tricks that might have been doing okay up until this point...but them's the breaks of one-tricking in a game like this.
I'm really tired of people saying Brigitte's shield bash is too strong.

Tell me: what ELSE of her kit is strong?

That's right, nothing. Her heals are pretty weak since she has almost no healing capacity during down time or if the enemy stays at range. Her shield is broken easily. Her DPS is poor.

Without her Shield Bash she's literally useless. Unless she can stun opponents to combo them or set them up to be focused, she's a terrible choice. 

Complaining that her Shield Bash is too strong, to me, is like saying "Tracer is all right but her Blink is too good." *It's kinda the crux of her kit and nerfing it at all would ruin her completely since she can't do much else.*

Let her come to live before you decide anything about her kit, Jesus. 
brigittes stun is ridiculously long feeling, they should make it a bit shorter
I agree with no more, but Brigitte was necessary. As a zenyatta, I have had way too many games where 4 people jump on me (Genji, Dva, Winston and Tracee) and whatever other support I pick, except for maybe Moira, I am doomed. At least with Brigitte I can fight back, support myself or survive long enough for my flanking callout to get to my teammates and for them to respond to it.

No more, what we have is good.
    Why are you away from your team as a healer? Dive works because they can focus down targets quickly. If you give them an open target, of course it feels op.
are you a tracer/ genji main?

You kind of forgot Mei's stun, too. Albeit different. And Reinhardt's ult and pin. And Junk's Trap.

Then later Ana sleepdart.
i play hog 75% of my time but with the addition of brigitte i dropped that ratio to about 20%, the reasoning is that i used to go a lot for the flanking "hook a squishy, insta kill him, breath your way out back to your team", but now that there's a new hero in every game that i can't hook and insta kill, and if I hooked anyone else she either whip me away before i shoot or if she didn't react in time she'll just stun me while i'm escaping taking a breather leaving me frozen for a her entire team to focus me and without my heal ability, I simply stopped playing hog nowdays 
    If she's near you, she can stun you to save her ally.

If she's far, she can whip-shot you to knock you away, or throw her heal/armor on the target and save her teammate.

Her ult makes it impossible to kill anyone as Hog. A perfect headshot would only do enough to remove armor. It takes 2 perfect body-shots to remove the ult armor.

Same thing with Doomfist and his combos.

Feels really bad man.
I think stuns are necessary, and that they are way more effective in OW than in other games, just because of how the game is.

Maybe making them more challenging to land well, like via skillshots or timing would make it more fair. 

I also think that adding kits to counter CC is a must, again because of how the game is made, if a stun means pretty much death, a viable and active way to counter feels necessary, only zarya shield and orisa's stand come to mind, one is not a cc counter ability, its just a shield, and orisa only can defend herself.

Dont know, i feel like the CC system overall could be looked into.
I'm kinda hoping we get a tank with a "sturdyness" aura. Makes those around them immune to displacement effects (though can still be stunned by flashbang/brigitte and such). That way such a tank wouldn't tread too much on Orisa's toes while providing a useful service to the entire team. Probably shouldn't have too much of a HP pool, thinking in the Zarya region>
I feel like on console a hero like Brigitte was a long time coming and really important. Because even a decent Tracer or Genji can be a nightmare to deal with on PS4. I'm in Diamond and most people I run into still can't hit Tracer, so she just runs amok and shuts my team down. I get that things are very likely different  on PC, but Brigitte was like the heavens opening up and giving us console plebs some help.

Of course I totally agree that there shouldn't be more stun heroes, because CC has not and never will be fun to play against. The number we have now should be more than enough for the foreseeable future.
 Does Reinhardt hitting someone across the map not count as a stun? What about his hammer knockdown?

What about Ana's sleep dart? Isnt that just a really long stun that lasts until removed by dmg?

 I think there are more characters with stuns then you mentioned
Considering how low her damage is I think the only problem with her stuns is that it interrupts ultimates. It basically nullifies Roadhog and Moira, especially considering you don’t take knockback from road while shielding.
> I will admit that originally I thought she was a lot more OP then I do  now, but I'm still of the opinion that her Bash needs a nerf, and  recently, it got one, but in my opinion, she got off easy. 

I think we can all agree that we shouldn't bash her, but that she's a little too stunning right now.
 
> The point I'm making is that I feel CC Stuns  require a significantly lower skill ceiling to use. Maybe I've just  been shield bashed one too many times, but the thought of playing  against an entire team of Heroes with CC Stuns is just a nightmare.

There are ways in which it makes zero sense that Ana's sleep does as little as it does.  I'm not advocating for it to change, I'm just saying, it's high skill to land it, and then you get what is effectively the weakest CC in many ways, and no real benefit for landing it.  (Something like -2s off the cooldown for landing it would be nice, again, I'm not saying it needs to be buffed into stupidity, it'd just be nice to get something to bring her more into line with McCree and Brigitte.)
Or boop heroes
And please no more shields. Between rein, Winston, Orissa and now Brigitte there are so many already.  
Seems at least once a night I get hit by some combo of hog hook, Brigitte stun, Flashbang, sleep dart or Mei freeze. Especially as Rein. Really can give you that feeling of "can I play the game yet?" when you're stuck in CC for a whole fight.
I'm glad to see a post like this on the front page b/c it seems like this whole "too many stuns" talk has been on the rise in the last month or so: getting some good discussion going here.

I don't personally feel Blizzard has yet to overdo the amount of stuns in the game. I'm not necessarily saying we need more and more, but I just can't align with all the complaints that the way it is currently is supposedly too much. And that goes beyond just the stuns: include Mei's freeze, Sombra's Hack, Junkrat's trap, whatever else: I don't think all those things are too much as they are now. 

That being said, if Blizzard takes all these people's feedback and internally decides to stop with the stuns for a while (or forever), then I'd be fine with that. But I'd also be fine if we get a few more. 
Mei? 
It's already annoying as hell lol
Ana has a stun as a healer so that brings us down to just needing one tank to have a 2-2-2 stun team... That is unless you count reins ult
In that case we are already there
Ana’s sleep dart is effectively a stun
As a tank main, agreed. 
What if instead of a stun the bash gave 100% movement speed slow and disabled escape abilities such as dash or recall.
You’re forgetting Reinhardt and Anna in your rant
I just wish OW development would take a day off from the 'yes, and-' philosophy.  

At this rate, by this time next year we'll have mounts, the ability to switch characters mid-push, and everyone will be able to fly.








Ana will still be nonviable.
Realistically,  they should have reserved stund and other movement impairing mechanics as defense heroes... then that category would actually make sense. 
the low skill floor for stun abilities is needed to counter the insane tracers and genjis that dominate OWL. i do agree brig should be the last hero with a strong stun ability. please no more after her. 
Imo overwatch lives from its speed. Take it away and overwatch is just some lame ass shooter. It has enough to spare some speed bit Brigitte is really pushing it 
Reinhardt also had a stun(s).
> I have no problem with CC like Halt because if you die via the environment to it, its your fault for being out of position anyway and not paying enough attention.

How is this more true of Halt than Brigitte's flat 6m radius of stunning? It's a lot more practical to stay 6m away from Brigitte than it is not to stand anywhere near a cliff on a map that's mostly cliffs (e.g. Ilios: Lighthouse, or Nepal: Sanctum). Both require being out of position.
And shields... For the love of God, no more massive shields.
MEI has a stun that just got buffed, so does Ana.
I don't care about stuns. But boops that aren't clear like consistent ones like lucios and pharah are bad design imo. Rein hammer, orisia pull etc just make the game feel buggy. Movement should be more important in general.
When i said this, day one, every one goes ape crazy throwing shit against me. Now, every day, more and more, in game and not, i only see people complain about brigitte and her retarded stunt's mechanics. That's what you all deserve, enjoy this shit. If blizzard took months to address Mercy or Bastion, good luck with Brigitte. 


I'm not a fan of hard CC such as stuns in PVP gameplay, to be honest. It just feels so cheap to play against, like there's no agency on my part. Get caught once and suddenly you can't fight back or do anything while they kill you. Generally I just find anything that turns off player control frustrating to work around, so yes please no more Stunbots.
\> Same with Hog, in the Beta up to his nerf, he was a little crazy, and a staple in every team comp for his ability to nail down and secure kills, now he's a lot more skill based, but i'm still gonna argue it still isn't that difficult to one\-shot, all it did was, quite literally, add an extra step to the process. All you have to do now is walk forward a tiny bit after the hook and assuming there is no interference from any other hero, you're probably gonna one\-shot them.

You never 1 shot anybody with hog in higher tiers these days \(in QP where all heroes are available\). Brigette just throws armor on them and they're safe. It even mitigates the additional damage from your team when they're being reeled in.

:\(
You're being awfully selective there OP;

Mei
Cree
Rein
Hog
and Junk (traps are cc)

That was at vanilla. Mei arguably should be the only character you should be pointing your finger at, since her cc is OP, both the freeze and ult. 

Even then, team comps for competitive weren't Mei/Hog/Cree based. Dive/heal far outweighs stun (which has been shown). You don't play comp, which is fine, but you need to understand the meta before spouting off that cc is ruining the game. 

Especially since every MOBA out right now, has over 10 chars with stun/cc.
    Don’t think her freeze is OP at this point. I think it’s finally to the level where she’s not so situational. She’s supposed to be a part of the new anti-dive meta that the overwatch team is cooking up.
This is a side effect of what happens when mobility becomes to strong in a game. If mobility wasn't so spammable in the game we wouldn't need the CC but that isn't the case.    
But why does Brigitte stand out so much? because she is the first CC or stun hero to have a low enough cooldown to match the other mobility abilities in the game, so Winston, D.va and Genji, ect. aren't used to being stopped every time they go in. Personally I would rather high impact long cooldown abilities like Sleep dart, but an ability like that just can't keep up currently and why someone like Brigitte was just needed. 

Overwatch, and by extension Blizzard, loves to take player action away. 

It is different for MOBAs because you can build counters very easily. For Overwatch, there is no stun counter. If a support hero maybe could deny debuffs?
It's possible to have a 2-2-2 comp where each hero has a stun ability now.

1. Ana

1. Briggy

1. Rein

1. Hog

1. McCree

1. Doomfist

It's like a decent comp too, not great and not meta, but decent.
Can we talk about the fact that Brigitte can spam her bash in Total Mayhem ? I mean, Ana was nerfed because she could put people to sleep repeatedly, I'm pretty sure that Brigitte should be nerfed too because she prevents people from playing. 
This is the way they’re going it seems. 
When the game launched there were 3 if you count reins ult, 4 if you count mei freeze. 
Continuous cc is shit it's not fun it will never be fun, it's a cop-out game design, it's cheese that doesn't belong in pvp it's something you let people do in single player. Instant-cc is downright criminal, it's something a pay2win game might do to make people pay for immunity from it. And to put an instant stun on an armored, shielded, self healing bullshit of a hero... even if meta evolves around her, she's so shitty to play against people will have fixed anti-Brigitte startup comps just to be safe. No fun to be had, anywhere.
millionth post
more helpful than saying no more ____" like many repeat posts. Do you have solution?
There's actually a surprising amount of support for this. I personally agree there should be less stun and more cc in the game. 

Also, with that Brigette thing, just tone her sheild hitbox down...
I heard all weekend "she's getting nerfed" when it comes to how well she can sustain herself and others in the battle and compiled with her stun that is on a very friendly cooldown. 

A good Zarya bubble + Brig in the middle = a lot of winning. 

Makes me think that if she's left entirely alone, the next hero has some sort of AOE DPS. Something like fire on the ground to help burn those pirate ships and tank formations we see all too much now. 

That was also the case with Smite so they introduced diminishing returns on stacked cc effects. Because otherwise the strat was to stun lock the tank while everyone dies around them then kill tank last. 
    also happened in that small mmo called world of warcraft. wait wat.
        Still happening. People just use different types of CC one after the other. In many arena matches I might as well just get up and take a shit when I'm getting chain cc over and over.
    Herc knock up into dash, into ymir freeze, into bellona ult, into anubis mumify into anubis laser beam.   Feels bad man.   Of course it took a while to get that diminishing returns added since people would say "Just get beads lawl".   Even with the diminishing returns, its still possible to stun someone for a long enough time to burst them down to nothing, although tanks could survive it  but would be critically low
RIP paragon
    Paragone
        F
[deleted]
    It's not even on purpose. From a dev standpoint it has to *feel* so clever. It's an established mechanic that everybody is familiar with and works for, almost, every character (nobody questions why the cowboy of all heroes has a flashbang?). It doesn't do damage, or if it does, very little, and hell, it might even be a necessary balance mechanic to let your glass cannon get away from danger. 

But pretty soon, it can dominate the meta, and not in a good way. At the end of the day, stun isn't fun (no rhyme intended). It's incredibly frustrating when you die as a result of stun and can quickly become a broken mechanic if implemented poorly. 

Again, it's a problem with developing characters. In a genre that mandates diverse characters, all (ideally) equally viable and any new characters needing to be balanced to the meta, at some point or another stun is going to start creeping in across several characters. 
        >any new characters needing to be balanced to the meta,

This seems off to me.  The meta is a twelve-year-old teenybopper.  Its tastes are fickle and can change after one landmark OWL game.

Heroes should be balanced against each other, not against their performance in the current competitive environment.  There *should* be weak heroes in any given meta---otherwise, counters don't exist, and they should.
            This is faulty logic. You don't need weak characters to have counters. Look at Dota 2. 110 of the ~115 heroes are viable in the professional meta. In OW, we have must picks like D.Va and Tracer and never-picks like Symmetra. No reason for this kind of imbalance.
                You don't need weak characters to have counters, but if you *have* counters, and the meta is stable, then some characters will be weak *in that meta*, while still being perfectly balanced.  Thus, it's a bad idea to put too much weight on "How are they doing in the current meta?" when balancing a hero.
                Most heroes are viable in dota, but half of them are only viable in very specific situations. 

Also there are plenty of "weak" hero's in Dota currently that are balanced in the way he is describing. Pushing is the current meta in Dota making any hero with a weak early game near unplayable. 

However if the meta shifts those hero's go from weak to strong with no change in there stats or abilities. This is often seen in Dota as a hero can go from being shit to OP over the course of a patch with no actual changes to the hero.
        It's one of those situations where the individual hero **will** be balanced, but once you can fill a team, despite having a sensible composition, with CC-centric heroes because so many are available, the overall game balance breaks.

The same happened in Heroes of the Storm with hyper-mobile and range-enhanced heroes. They are balanced individually, but there's so many now that the overall game balance tanked and older heroes feel quite outdated.
        It's too late for this now, but I kind of wish tanks in general were designed around being low damage with good CC (not necessarily stuns, but roots, slows, silences, damage reduction debuffs, etc). Imagine if Roadhog had a hook + slow combo instead of a hook + oneshot combo. He becomes very strong at setting up kills for his teammates instead of himself, which I think is a dynamic that Overwatch could use more of.
            So what I'm getting from this is you think too many people play tanks right now.
        Flashbang does 10 damage iirc. left click Headshot does 140. Tracer has 150hp.
            Flashbang does 25*
        Thats one thing that I like about their hero rate of release.

Look at most mobas and they release a new hero every 3 weeks to a month.

OW we get a four hero's a year.

Much slower power creep, much better balance. etc.
            Better balance? Lol. The game was more balanced at launch than it is now.
    That is very true! 
[deleted]
    IMO, if they introduced v.42 on the Legacy map, it would have been a great game.
        [deleted]
            The new map encouraged a mid lane deathball meta, so whoever won the first team fight just steamrolled down mid while the other team had very staggered respawn due to the increasing death timers.
                [deleted]
                    Not at all.
                        [deleted]
                            Grim was such a great concept, along with Iggy, Muriel, Zynx and a bunch of others, but the devs were fucking clueless when it came to moba balancing.
Lol as soon a I read the title Paragon came to mind, still kinda sad about them shutting it down.
    You'd be hard pressed to find more gorgeous art
As soon as I read the title, I thought of Paragon. Had more than 500 hours in that game. RIP. 

There are two things though, stun is the only thing that can counter flankers and no support has it. I think it’s fine as it is not, but they shouldn’t bring it any more.
Stuns made me a sad Sparrow main. 
I don't know much about Paragon's developers, but I do have faith in Blizzard that if it did become too much, they would do something to fix it. But then you would have a bunch of heroes whose kits were focused around a mechanic that got nerfed to the ground, just think about how bad Briggete would be if she didn't have shield bash. The point is to stop the problem before it becomes a problem.
    [deleted]
        I'm not a MOBA player - aren't you locked into a single hero for the whole match? I like to think that Overwatch encourages a bit more hero diversity since you can change as the situation requires
        Dota has 117 heroes but almost all of them are played at each major event. This is because the devs prioritize game balance over just about everything. If you gave icefrog 2 weeks with overwatch he could probably have it balanced better than Blizzard has managed to balance it in 2 years. However all the QPers and bronze players would cry that the heroes actually have a skill floor and things like mindless wall riding lucio wouldn't exist. 
            World of warcraft has been released in 2004 and blizzard hasn't done yet finished to balance and nerf its classes.
                balancing is a never ending process, you gotta be dumb to think a game can achieve perfect balance
                    I can balance overwatch. Remove every hero other than soldier 76.  There. Balanced. Perfectly.  :P

Perfect balance only happens when all players are identical.
            > Dota has 117 heroes but almost all of them are played at each major event.

O RLY?

https://www.dotabuff.com/procircuit/hero-meta?start_time=month&end_time=now&region=all&min_designation=minors&max_designation=majors&view=overview
                That's still 104 out of 116 heroes that are available in captain's mode picked at least once
                Only 12 heroes weren't picked, and that's only at the pro level. All of those 12 heroes are viable at every MMR in pubs. Hell I have a 65%+ win rate on Necro and Bristleback with 200+ games played on each of them. 
                    Yeah thats only for the last 30 days. If you set it to patch 7.08 its only Clinkz Riki, Necro and WR that havent been played. Necro is the only one that surprised me on that list but I kind of suck at Dota (even though Ive played it since WC3 days) so what do I know. 
                Look how almost all of them have at least 1 match played.

Some have their niches but at least they're getting some use.
                    Well... if you're using that as your metric for balance that implies that Overwatch is doing just fine in the balance department. DotA has 104 of 116 characters in use. That's about 90% of the characters, which is pretty good. 

This season of OWL has shown us all characters in use at some point except for Symmetra. That's something like 25/26 characters (96%) in use for at least one point in one map. Sure, they have their niches, but they're still getting used, right? 
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            > an original idea

Ok but which part of Overwatch is original? OWL aside, the game itself uses no real "new" ideas, just a new combination of character abilities.
                Overwatch isn't original. Project Titan WAS, but they scrapped it and turned what they made into Overwatch. The original vision was very ahead of it's time. 
                    I know some of Titan, but what made it ahead of its time? Genuinely curious
                        They were trying to make it the first major FPS looter with crafting and other MMO elements. The rumor is a lot of it was scrapped when Destiny was shown off. 

I somewhat wish we still got Titan 
                            So Titan was just Borderlands with crafting? 
                                MMO Borderlands with crafting. Masively Multiplayer with a huge world.
                Yeah I really don't get this either. Blizzard's development strategy has always been to take a popular idea and refine it to the extreme, for better or for worse.
                    And while they do generally refine it pretty well EVENTUALLY (*cough* Diablo3 and Starcraft2 *cough*), it seems like a lot of time they have a game idea but not a game lifetime idea. They STILL haven't made up their minds about Overwatch being casual or competitive (one-tricking may or may not be bannable, so meta picks may or may not be mandatory)
        They did change the cooldown reduction on mayhem for Anas sleepdart though, so Im sure theyre well aware of the problem.
        I still can't believe how long it took to get her to a reasonable place.  The original mercy re-work is almost a year old.
        I feel like judging Blizzard by a different team that made mistakes seven years ago is a bit harsh.

I think Overwatch has it's own problems but typically heroes released aren't terribly OP, and have a lot of interesting mechanics that aren't just hard disables (sleep, hacking, doomfists push, etc.)
            > I feel like judging Blizzard by a different team that made mistakes seven years ago is a bit harsh.

Jeff Kaplan was the designer for Wrath of the Lich King, the expansion u/morphoray is citing. It is literally the last thing he worked on before switching to Project Titan (2009-2014), which became Overwatch. Most of the Overwatch dev team was recruited from inside Blizzard as well.
                Wotlk was a solid expansion for pvp; compared to the cluster that was Legion pvp. MoP 5,4 was probably the most balanced but Wotlk pvp was great.
                    DKs getting glad in blues was balanced.
        Ditto.

My last days of wow were spent mostly playing twinked chars in the 30-39 battlegrounds.

I had a 70 shadow priest that I had previously loved to PVP with at low levels...but the high level battlegrounds were just miserable.  Stun, Fear, Polymorph, Mind Control, Silence, Etc.  Even though I had the good fortune of being an undead priest, and thus having the old racial anti-CC ability, but it still felt like half of all encounters were decided by CC.

So instead I just had an awesome time in the 30-39 games (just felt like the best spot...no mounts yet, low-CC and nobody unlocked capstone abilities) for as long as I could before selling my account.

Abilities that cause others to lose control of their character are miserable to play against.  At least things like Sombra's Hack are "soft" CC in that you still have access to your primary attack (or junk's trap may halt your movement, but you can still use abilities and primary fire).  
        People put too much value on balance. It's pretty important, but if you have a character roster of 30 where a third of them are so stupidly bad that you could never justify playing them and the others are fine, diverse, and also fun to play that's a pretty good spot to be in. 

Starcraft 2 has been, at various points in it's life cycle, one of the most balanced games you could ever hope to play. At it's most balanced point, where it managed to actually surpass the statistical balance of *chess*, was where it actually was in one of it's worst spots in terms of actual gameplay enjoyment. Basically nobody wants that game to go back to the era of Infestor/Broodlord, despite the fact that statistical balance was sitting pretty at 50% across all match ups. 
        Ugh, flashbacks to Rogue/mage/priest and the introduction of diminishing returns.
            Played HARP rogue and SL/SL Warlock in 2v2 arenas to 2400 ELO in season 3... our entire strategy was to make it 2v1 by stun locking one target while DOTs ticked on both enemies. 

While I have good memories of that season, I would hate to see OW dominated by CC. 
            You forgot Druids.
                I'm repressing
    I agree with your post 100% and yes she would be very bad without the shield bash, just like Hog would be useless without his hook. 
Battleborn was the same way.  It was so easy to create an effective team of all stunners, and the equipment system in that game allowed the more toxic teams to accentuate the issue further.
The stun update completely ruined it. That's exactly when I stopped playing.
Literally just need diminishing returns to avoid this problem. 
    Diminishing returns would be nearly worthless, as few heroes survive even the first stun.
Stuns and Slows is Smite in a Nutshell. Lemme see... Last god was Achilles? Yup, Stun. Before that? Cerberus... Yup. Before that? Discordia... She's got a root/confuse that's about as good as one. Before that? Hachiman... Check. Then, Artio... Lel... What does Artio not have?
Stunlocking isn't what killed the game though. There were even plans to put diminishing returns on stuns (like Smite??), But the money Bois at Epic trashed it as soon as Fortnite started making a buck. You know, the company that makes one of the best engines out there but can somehow afford only a 20 man team.
Aurora release meta was best meta
Ah, the times I've been told to swap off my main and go someone with a stun. And the final insult was Wukong as this super slippery and mobile hero with a stun. Imagine if Tracer had genji's double jump and Brigittes shield bash.
Paragons problems weren't the prevalence of stuns. Paragons problems were that it was run by people that thought they new better than the community about how to balance it.

Stuns can be on literally every hero in DotA (not even kidding, you can buy abyssal blade on every hero and it has an on demand stun), and that game is fine
Genjis butt stuns for about 10 seconds even after he turns around
    "My butt is a killer? WHAT DID YOU DO!?"
Mei's freeze.
bun stun
His rocket hammer has a very slight CC as well, like Junkrat nades or Pharah/Soldier rockets.
The same can be said of most of the girls. 
    it's a shame genji is the only male butt in the game. We could all be living the bi life if only blizzard would add more cute boys.
        Stop reading my thoughts dammit
        Honestly it's kind of an oversight that there isn't someone who is really, really ridiculously good-looking on the male side. Though they're certainly trying to make up for it with stuff like Lifeguard McCree.
            The real truth here is that Blizzard's favoring the rough daddies and ignoring the twink side of the Boy Meta. Lifeguard McCree does work but imo the next hero needs to be a cute twunk with a bubblebutt and also maybe the butt absorbs stun damage idunno just spitballing here
                this is the gay agenda
            Reyes is really hot, but he's behind a mask in almost all his skins, so :(
I suspect the next character will be able to do this.  The release of abilities have been at least soft counters to each other, intended to swing the meta game in a different direction.  

Ana's abilities made tanks exceptionally hard to kill (something Reaper and McCree excelled at) giving birth to Triple Tank.

Sombra (should have) been a counter to both tanks and Ana's abilities.  It didn't work because Sombra, like most operating systems, needed heavy patching to become good. Ana took a couple swings from the nerf bat to kill Triple Tank instead.

Orisa became the first Anchor Tank, and the first "remix" hero that used a weakened version of several other heroes skills to make a unique combination.  She allowed protection for less mobile heroes, making flanking far more important.  Proto Dive was born.

Doomfist was a direct counter to a rise in shields with nearly Tracer levels of mobility and huge hits to delete supports.  He was plagued by massive amounts of bugs, and efforts still continue to get him to a good place.  Dive locked into place as the dominant method of dealing with hiding behind shields instead.

D.Va, Junkrat and Mercy received some really big redesigns/buffs around this point, D.Va turned into a highly mobile assassin with tank levels of health and a get out of jail free card. Junkrat turned into an extremely powerful burst output character with the addition of double mine and faster RIP Tire.  Moth Mercy and the massive amount of changes to rez and the addition of Valkyrie only reinforced the dive meta, combined with junkrat's really high shield busting output turned tanks into a speedbump in teamfights instead of space makers.  

Moira was the counter to tanks getting deleted with absurdly high healing output.  Highly mobile, durable, packing the highest self healing and (high enough) burst capability to face off against a diver 1 on 1, she's a force to be reckoned with. Outside the near aimbot levels of skill in the top players range, of course.  She shifted a lot of power back to tanks, but dive continues to dominate due to the nearly limitless skill ceiling on high mobility DPS like Tracer and Genji.

Brigitte is the newest meta counter, encouraging tight grouping of less mobile heroes and with the ability to punish divers to the extreme, combined with massive reactionary burst heal to make dive targets much harder to kill.  I suspect a competitive shift will bring heavy hitters back into play to negate the armor penalties she provides to her team.  Hanzo's changes point in this same direction.  
    While correct, the issue I have with this design is that it keeps working by **escalating** the current situation.

It's basically an arms race. Instead of simply nerfing the spearhead point of the current meta foundation ,therefor making it fall apart entirely and forcing a new one, they keep adding stronger new heroes specifically to counteract a situation which might not exist any more later on (see: Sombra).
        Blizzard has been in the massively popular multiplayer game business for a long time. The biggest take away they've learned over a decade of WoW and Diablo patching?  No one likes getting nerfed.  It feels better as a player to have everyone else get buffed to match an overpowered ability or play style instead of killing off what makes it good. 

This gives the players a great feeling, but eventually causes skill bloat.  WoW occasionally pruined back skills and talents, Diablo 3 focused on giving seasonal players an easy to obtain gear set to drop characters along an intended set of skills. Heroes of the Storm  has such a large amount of single skilled characters that counterplay comes naturally.  

Blizzard is struggling to find that balance with overwatch.  Players get attached to the characters instead of the skills.  Look at this sub to see how many threads about Reinhardt needing buffs pop up. Hanzo will be the first to lose an ability that's being replaced with something entirely different.  (Sym's shields were turned into an ult, Mercy had rez turn into a normal skill). People aren't terribly it about the loss of scatter, it needed to go. Instead, the biggest concerns seem to be about how iconic it is from the short.  

    [deleted]
        Thanks!  The meta design of this game has fascinated me, you can clearly see the intention vs player optimization every time a new hero or map comes out.  

Emergent strategies like Hanzo floor scatters and Lucio rollouts can take a skill far beyond what it was ever intended for.  Glitches like Mercy slingshot get embraced while Genji's ledge dash gets removed.  The ebb and flow of the constant design dance is spectacular.
    Underrated comment 
    Hmm, why would you say that about Hanzo? From what I know, Hanzo's scatter was an intentional tank-buster, but people hated it, so they made a new, more fair, tank-busting ability.
        The reason people hated it was because it was incredibly cheap method of killing people. No hero should have an easy ability that can oneshot a tank. On top of that, scatter's potential to randomly kill unintended targets who were nowhere near where hanzo shot is just ridiculous. To sum up, scatter was an OP, luck-reliant ability that when utilized correctly was horrible to deal with, from both a balance and a gameplay perspective. Volley's (is that the name?) much better, because while it can still be used as a tank-buster, it's much more reliant on the player's ability to get shots off than scatter was.
            A sniper had the best close-range one-shot in the game
        [deleted]
            https://www.invenglobal.com/articles/4865/interview-with-overwatch-dev-tim-ford-regarding-symmetra-turning-into-a-defense-hero-and-the-channel-system

> Scatter Arrow was designed to melt tanks in the first place. However, it didn’t feel great to be killed by it in the actual game. It felt like you don’t get why you died? There were times players couldn’t accept it.

> To go into details, we’ll be keeping the damage as it is; we are aiming to change it to some other form that the person hit can accept. It would be more advantageous for players with good aim, I guess? It will be changed so that even if you do get killed, you’d approve of your opponent’s good aim.
I would like a hero who reflects CC abilities instead. Give them a taste of their own medicine.
    Adding some counter CC would be awesome for the game
        Isn't that how paragon went to shit? 
            It went to shit because Epic cash•cowed out for Fortnite, but who can blame them. The heroes and gameplay is not what did it, the community tried so hard and Epic just gave up.
    Genji can do it to flashbang which is satisfying/annoying depending which end of it you are on 
        PTR testing indicates that trying to do this is suicidal now.
            How significant is the reduction to the hitbox?
    Give them an ability called "no u"
        Hmm they might want to go with something a little less meme.

Maybe "deflect" or something.
        Lol
    A character with no special abilities.

Passive: whatever ability hits you, you can use it as if it were your own with the same cooldowns and whatnot. Up to two. Holding Reload clears them out and lets you steal new abilities.
honestly it would be rad as hell to see Orisa’s Supercharger do this 
    Trade overall damage buff for some CC resistance?

Would it lead to the same problem that Orisa suffers from when being ulted by a Roadhog?
        That is literally one ult out of hundreds of abilities that serves as a counter though. In all other situations, it’s a massive improvement.
            I think it'd be a downgrade if anything. The 50% damage buff is ridiculous, arguably one of the strongest ultimates in the game if used well. Making it just prevent CC is a MASSIVE downgrade.
                It should do both. Its already not too overpowered.
FYI her bubbles break after 200 damage. But that's hard to do under normal circumstances.
    As someone who plays a lot of Zarya, it pops all the time. 
        I flex Zarya a lot and I can never tell when it pops.
            When you reach ~~50~~ 40 energy from 1 bubble, it probably popped.

EDIT: My brain is in the past.
                You can only get 40 charge per bubble since the nerf, but typically when you max out like that the bubble breaks or is very close to breaking. 
                    Yeah I literally noticed it in a game after I sent this comment, mb
                        I miss the good 'ol days of Zarya too :(
                it's been a very VERY long time since you could get 50 energy off of a single bubble. they nerfed that ages ago.
            [deleted]
                I mean I generally have an idea, as I pay a lot of attention to my charge and my teammates' positions, but I've never noticed a clear visual indicator nor have I played attention to that audio cue.

But thanks for the TIL!
    I beg to differ. The hitbox of the bubble is pretty big. If more than one hero focuses it, it pops pretty quickly
        So this is why the enemy Zarya is always at full charge.
            If you think you can kill zarya then you're supposed to break it. Otherwise don't
                You can't use the charge if you're dead.
            Bad players shoot the Zarya bubble.

Good players don't shoot the Zarya bubble.

Great players know *when* to shoot the Zarya bubble. 
                Yeah, if Zarya bubbles herself at low health you shoot the bubble. If she bubbles a teammate that's about to die, you *might* shoot the bubble unless Zarya's been wrecking your team because then you want to not give her charge more than you want to not let her teammate live. If she hasn't been performing well, let her have all the charge she can get and she won't hit much. Just be ready to counter a grav if you let it go on long enough.

There's a lot more to it than that, but I'm not a great player so that's as far as my knowledge goes.
                    Aw I think you’re great 
                    Also ok to shoot the bubbles when she's already full charge (a.k.a. glowing AF)
                        [deleted]
            As an offtank main who loves playing Zarya, SHHHHHHH! don't tell them!
            Zarya is a strange hero because when I verse her my team doesn’t understand the whole don’t shoot her or if we pop the bubble we have to kill her now situation. She also comes in handy for hog hooks and reinhardt charges 
            that's exactly what I was thinking.
        but you almost never wanna do that unless you are certain you can finish them off *and* the zarya is not gonna be maximum charge and coming for you, or it is the zarya and you can finish her off, of course.
            The tradeoff is quite simple, actually: positioning x damage.  
If you break her bubble, you probably catch her in a somewhat unplanned position, although at higher charge. You wait it out, she has time to reposition (ideally requiring more resources to kill her), but she'll be at a lower charge.

Sometimes her positioning makes it worth it, sometimes it doesn't. Just pay attention to where she is and where the extra seconds would allow her to be. She is slow, it's not hard to figure it out.
            Though if the Zarya is already maximum charge and coming for you...go to town I guess?
                Or run
                    Running definitely helps, once I was playing a comp game and the Zarya was always full charge so I said to my teammates “let’s just wait in spawn for 15 seconds so her charge goes down” it helped
                        [deleted]
                            Range for sure. My hardest Zarya games were with speedboost and discord/mercy damage boost.
                but if that is the case you should be nowhere near her :D
            >you almost never wanna do that unless you are certain you can finish them off and the zarya is not gonna be maximum charge and coming for you

Isn't one extra enemy + low charge Zarya stronger than max charge Zarya?
                Ehhh. 200 DPS with 400 hp is a force to be reckoned with. Plus the bombs
                Yes. And Zarya is easy to focus down if she doesn't have her bubble up too. Bubble or not, if you can focus a person easily, you should do it.
        Fair enough.
    So that's why my bubbles doesn't last anything while the enemies' seems to last forever!
    Also note that any instance of damage that would break the bubble is completely blocked. That way, bubble can completely stop things like Tire and Self Destruct
Honestly, giving everyone Fortify for a little bit would make a lot more sense for Orisa's ult than what we have now.

Not only does it make more sense with her role and personality (she's more of a protector than a damage dealer), but it'd also be completely unique. We already have a number of things that increase damage dealt or taken, including Mercy's ult which is _also_ capable of damage boosting multiple team members. Plus, it could quite effectively deal with ults like Winston's, Mei's, and Zarya's.

I'm not entirely sure how it would do from a balance standpoint, but it would be interesting for sure.
    Maybe supercharger only applies the CC immunity part of fortify? That doesn't seem OP on its own
        That doesn't just seem "not OP," it sounds straight up weak. Immunitycharger would only help against, what, Grav and Blizzard? Earthshatter *IF* the Orisa herself wasn't caught in it? Maybe Primal Rage? Those are literally the only circumstances in the game that this ult would be reliably useful in. 

It would definitely need something more, though it's hard to say what. 
        I could see supercharger working like this instead of its current form:

- orisa ults, placing down bongo as normal

- it has 15m range, as normal (number could be adjusted but w/e)

- everyone in 15m gets the supercharger aura

- super charger aura gives CC immunity and 40% damage reduction 

- after 4-5 seconds, CC immunity aura wears off but damage reduction aura persists

=

And another "alternately": it could also just be range based where allies within a short range like 5m get CC immunity. The buffs could also scale based on range from supercharger or based on how far they are from supercharger.

=

ATM I do like Orisa as a hero and the ult is potent but it still definitely feels out of place. 
    I just kinda still hoping for a trample ability of some sort on Orisa, she's a horse lady got dammit let her crush fools! but I agree with you her ult should guard her teammates against CC, makes more sense for the hero concept
        Nano + Speed Boost + Fortify/Trample

I like this meta idea.
I honestly thought this is what Brigette would do. I still think it's a bit silly that her ult is just lucio's ult reversed, rather than 'some armor + CC resist'.
I had similar idea a while ago, but someone pointed out to me: What would it do to genjiblade? If you nano genji, blade, and then give him like a fortify ability, you've just created an unstoppable killing machine; at least with stuns you have some chance of stopping him.

When thinking of adding these new abilities, we have to ask ourselves, "how can we use this in a way that will end up OP?"
Just imagine - being slept, hooked by Hog, stunned by Mccree and Brigitte and charged by Rein. Super fun.
    ironically, this is exactly what happens every time you try to charge as Rein
        And then the Rein that tires to charge you gets slept, hooked, stunned bashed and then you try to charge him but then you get slept...
    Happened to me as Zarya. I was, constantly and in no particular order: Flashbanged, Shield Bashed, Hooked, SoundWaved, Seismic Slam/Rocket Punched.

I despise having control taken from me ingame, and I couldn't do a single thing.
        Happened to me as Zarya as well. I had a game where I couldn't use any of my abilities because I was *always* hacked, and then got frozen or punched in the air and quickly killed by Doomfist. I had my ultimate for about 3 minutes without being able to use it, every push I got fucked. When I finally used it and our Genji used his ultimate, Sombra just cancelled everything with her ult, which she had every fight anyway.

An entire game in which I basically couldn't use any of my abilities. I don't think any member of our team got an ultimate off, they either got hacked or interrupted in some way.

I feel like with all the CC creep in this game, there needs to be some kind of better protection abilities. Zarya's bubble is of barely any use, too long recharge with how much stuff there is now, and she's actually one of the worst tanks to play against Sombra because she becomes a 200hp hero and is very dependent on using her skills to gain charge.

It's so sad that Reinhardt, an enormous armoured guy with a gigantic shield is rendered completely useless by the likes of Sombra, Doomfist and Brigitte. He cannot protect his team, he cannot protect himself, he just has a big "kick me" sign written on his back while the enemy team laughs.

I think Blizzard was *too* afraid of a new tank meta after adding Moira. Buffing Sombra, buffing Doomfist, buffing Reaper, buffing Mei, adding Brigitte. Right now, there is very little point in playing any tank except maybe Orisa, because with Fortify she is the only tank that isn't tossed around like a ragdoll and shut down with interrupts and knock backs. Right now I have no desire to play tank, or Overwatch to be honest.

Funnily enough, although Brigitte is meant to counter dive, the dive tanks (D.Va and Winston) are actually still better choices because of their mobility and ease of closing gaps or escaping. It's the likes of Reinhardt, Zarya and Roadhog who will have it even harder, and they already were out of the meta.
            Yeah. I agree. She's actually a better counter to those she wasn't meant to counter in the first place.

We're meant to do something in a game. We're meant to control, to move, to shoot, to... well, do stuff. Overwatch is moving to a meta where control is taken away from a player, and what's the point of playing a game if you can't actually do anything in it?
    Maximum cringe combo  
Hooked, flashbanged, bashed, slept, teabagged, charged into an ice wall right before charge ends (or Mei-be right after it starts)  
Also could add a little cherry on a top - earthshatter before charge!
    Every time that shit happens I feel like [One More Dude.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PUl9l2P540)
That’s why I play backline doomfist if we already have flankers and aggressive enough tanks. Motherfuckers don’t come for my healers as often once I punch them into another galaxy. Nothing is more satisfying than rocket punching a tracer into a wall. It’s like swatting a mosquito with a baseball bat. 
    Until that sombra hack your ass
        If she's hacking and shooting me, she isn't attacking my support. If she's hacking me and shooting my support, my support still has abilities to help defend themselves and me while I try to bodyblock. If they hack and shoot my support, they get punched. 

EZPZ
            Lol, point though is to kill you, either the genji or another flanker. A good doomfist is such a pain in the ass that I had to go sombra that game just to keep him in place. He changes hero later
                Hog or McCree will also fuck a Doomfist's day up
            Well DF isn't the most accesible hero for all players, at least Brigitte can be played by anyone to a considerable level of competence. I wouldn't trust all the DF in my team that I've had along my playing experience.
            You are the DPS that us support mains dream of
            Where do you find these supports that help instead of just leave you to die?
    > It’s like swatting a mosquito with a baseball bat.

Finally, someone put it into words.
Agreed, I feel like she doesn't really get punished for missing a bash. (Which atm is very hard to do)
    The stun box was reduced in the PTR, it's not as easy anymore, but not that difficult either 
        The cone wasn't the problem, the cooldown is.
            Here's an idea, when she uses her bash she becomes unable to raise her shield for a couple of seconds. This way a Brigitte needs to actually think a bit about using bash as doing so leaves her vulnerable and bad bashes can now be punished.
            I mean, I agree that the cooldown needs to be longer, but the hitbox was kind of ridiculous. I'm glad they toned it down, but we still need the cooldown to be longer. 
    [deleted]
        That sounds like one of the best alterations I've heard yet. Have the bash cost a chunk of shield health so that if she does miss a charge you can focus her down and break her shield and punish her at least a little bit, atm you're right most flankers can do fuck all against the shield before she can reach and punish them: 
    I think it's because 1) the cooldown is super short, as mentioned, and 2) she keeps the shield up during and after the bash.

Besides the obvious cooldown increase, what if she was maybe exposed for a second while using or immediately after using the bash? So for example maybe instead of just thrusting the shield forward and keeping it up the whole time, she did so by swinging her arm to the side, briefly leaving her open to damage/cc. That way you could actually bait it out and punish it, similarly to how you can with flashbang, hook, charge, etc.
    Oops missed my bash. I will have it again before the enemy has any of his abilities again.

Balanced.
[deleted]
    She can definitely not 1v1 anyone in the game. Melee characters have to be VERY powerful in a game like this since 90% of combat is at range. Half the game melee characters like Brig just stand there and offer nothing to the team. No poke, no damage, barely any healing, no nothing. To offset those moments of uselessness, they need to make the character HURT when she finally gets into range.

There is a reason why they said they didn't want to do melee-only characters early in development.
        Brigitte literally tells you how to counter her when she kills you. "You might want to keep your distance."

A Tracer within stun range of Burrito is toast. A Tracer staying 10m+ away and kiting her can fight to a stalemate *at worst*, and win an extended engagement.
            A tracer within stun range deserves to get bashed lol I don't understand why people can't just fight her at a distance like they do Rein.
    Let me preface this by saying that I am in no way trying to make any sort of comment on your personal skill.

---

What you have described is Brigitte in low-tier/quickplay.

A Brigitte that tries to be "aggressive as fuck"  tends to be killed *very quickly* by coordinated teams or individuals who know how to counter her.

Her shield is relatively tiny and weak, not even fully covering her feet from the front.

A missed stun either means you fail to protect the teammate being dived on, or you're now in the thick of the enemy team without your stun.

Might an additional second or two to some of her abilities be a reasonable nerf? Possibly, but we haven't even seen how she will perform in competitive play. You know, with people actually *trying* to counter her?

If anyone hates playing against Brigitte, they should try playing as her for a few games; They'll very quickly learn what heroes and tactics absolutely wreck her.
        How can you call a playstyle low-tier and counterable with coordination and then also ask for us to wait to see how she does in said situation? 
            I said low-tier/quickplay because for hero effectiveness and general level of coordination and accuracy they are functionally identical. You are technically correct in stating that we have yet to see her performance in any type of competitive play.

I'm saying to wait on significant nerfs to her until we actually see how she performs at a range of usage. I've watched/played enough of Brigitte on PTR and quickplay to see how thoroughly she can be shut down by certain heroes and by coordination. If she was absolutely dominating every quickplay game she was in and no team without her could win, then a nerf even before hitting competitive could be applied. The thing is, *she isn't doing that at all*. Players who prefer certain heroes or certain tactics are having a very hard time because her concept counters them, but we've had meta shifts in the past due to new heroes or changes to existing heroes.

This being said, I would love to have a long list of possible nerfs ready for Brigitte, so that we can have as many possible vectors to approach it from. Lots of people enjoy her concept, and none of her numbers are particularly strong compared to existing heroes. Mediocre DPS and HPS, even though her burst heal on other targets is decent (150hp, but 6sec cooldown means 25hp/s maximum). Lucio's Amp It Up gives more points per second than Brigitte's Inspire and Rally combined, even if the armor can occasionally give more value.
        Well said. And brit doesn't have high dps. Her healing is also slow. If she tries to play like a tank she just dies.

People who think brit is op are really not understanding the game imo. In my games, brit is always better in the passive. As the chinese say it, "attacking second so you come out first" Only in the occasional advantage would you rush the enemy. 
    Wasnt Lucio nerfed like 500 years ago because of his ability to reliably 1v1 nearly every character in the roster at the time? I know Brigittes spamability was on Geoff Goodmans list of "Things to watch out for" so we know that at least they are aware shes walking a very thin line.
The CD is so short. I got bashed as Hog and I was like great now I can ult. But she already had it again! 
If your beam breaks, it stuns the target so that you can catch up again.

Shit we shouldn't give them ideas
    It should also stun when initially locking on. I feel these changes will bring Symmetra in line with other heroes. 
        No, it should begin a gradually increasing slow with the result of a full beam being a stun, to give it that nice "impending doom" feeling.
            Let's even change it from a beam. Maybe make it some sort of icy weapon? Like it gradually freezes them in place. I just feel like this makes more sense from an immersion standpoint.
                That's a great idea, as a bonus, we should allow Symmetra to build a wall for area denial/blocking escape routes, but make it a sort of "ice wall" to match the new theme.
                    Hell, we could even change her ult to make it like /u/Jim_Harbaughs_Jeans's 'icy weapon', but omnidirectional and with a wide radius.
                        This idea might be a little out there, but on top of all of that and fitting in with this ice theme I'm thinking we should maybe let Symmetra freeze herself in a block of ice to self-heal. As it is now, if she gets dived on, she has nothing to get out of her situation. Letting her heal in that block while being immune to damage would help her out massively. 
                            I think it should also stun everyone around her when she goes in and comes out. We can't forget about the stun.
                                And she's to skinny I think she needs to be  ㄒ卄丨匚匚 to withstand the cold of her redesigned abilities
                And her barrier is too mobile. They should make it stationary. But maybe make it so people can't move through it, to trap them in with her turrets.
            Hell, let the beam heals Symm too
    Let hanzo keep the scatter but each shard is a stackable stun instead of damage.
    DELETE THIS
Widow's rifle needs to stun when you aim it at people (because that's the only way I'll ever hit anything).
Absolute cancer, so we'll probably see this in the game in a month or two.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        While DF is cancer to play against you can’t deny that he is one of the most skillful heroes in the game
            That never stopped people from complaining 
    So you subject yourself to unfun torture? Yeah okay.
Oh God. I used to play WoW, and Affliction warlocks could stack you up with DoT effects, and then cast Fear over and over. All you could do was watch your character run around without your control, your health slowly trickling away.
    I remember the beta Warlock.  No CD on fear = feared til death.
So another Mei? Please no.
    Mei you stop moving. Fear is you moving uncontrollably, but at least moving. 
hirez did, and continues to do this with paladins. every new champ has some sort of cc. it comes to a point where everything either blinds, stuns, disarms, and ability that literally picks you up with no escape. it was completely unbearable. i bought overwatch and was happy mcree was the only "spammy" cc. hacking is kinda lame sauce but its not the worst because you can still fight back while hacked. df and rein's cc dont bother me because if they mess up theyll most likely get punished hard for it. freeze is almost as triggering as brig because its litereally a "hands off" experience with no real risk. i really hope they dont go down the "unique cc" route. some of the cc stacking is frustrating already, throwing more types in will just make it worse
We need a cripple status effect. It would make anyone affected unable to use any dashes. It would be a nerf to mobile characters and not affect non-mobile characters at all.

They basically added this before on Zarya's grav (you used to be able to dash out of grav, now it disables all dashes.)
    In *Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda*, there was a great weapon used by an alien ship. They'd fire something called "mass packets", essentially super-heavy chunks of matter that stuck to a ship. The target being more massive means that its engines can't quite make it move as fast, and the alien ship could move in for the kill and roast it with plasma flamethrowers. It might be cool to see a character that can do something like that.
    So sombras hack? Also it can't be instant it will completely make tracer useless
simply put, "nothing worse than not playing the game". i've been saying this about stunlock in mobas for years.
    I think it works in Mobas. Time to kill is a lot longer, and it doesn't make it much easier to click on someone who's stunned. You also have time to look around and plan on your next actions while stunned in mobas, but you don't really have enough FOV in Overwatch to do that effectively.
I wouldn’t mind stuns that much if it wasnt for the fact that the ones stunning you can often burst you down on their own before you have time to react.
And the worst part is that there are *so many* characters built around those mechanics. You have the ones mentioned in the post: Mcree, Hog, Bridgetta, and Doomfist, but you’ve also got Rein, who has two stubs which are supposed to combo, Mei, who’s entire kit is basically based around preventing people from escaping, Junk, who isn’t as bad but still has those awful traps, and Ana, who can literally incapacitate you long enough for the player to run over and teabag you and then run away before you can get up. 

I honestly cannot understand the obsession this game has with wrestling control away from the player. It’s almost never skill-based and is absolutely never fun or fair to watch happen to you. Under 90% of situations, if you get stunned, you’re dead. And there’s usually no way to counter it besides “Just don’t get stunned dude”
    With Rein, while charge does stun, it can be really hard to hit/easy to dodge, he can't do anything vut go forward while using it, and half the characters can stun him out of it. Shatter is an ult, get over it. It is easy to avoid and the scenarios where it is most useful are pretty rare
        Don’t get me wrong, Rein is in an awful place as compared to the other tanks, and as a Rein main, I wish he was nearly as viable as Orisa, but yeah, the inconsistency of his charge/shatter are two major problems with him. 
    I think some CC is basically required in a game that allows heroes like Tracer and Genji to exist.  Good players would be nigh unstoppable with them if there was no CC to help secure an elim. And the roster was rebalanced to eliminate the need for CC, it would be a very different game, probably something more like TF2.
Stun was a huge problem in WoW PvP too. I guess they’ll never learn 
And then if it kills you, you don't get to play for the 10 second respawn timer and however long it takes you to walk back to wherever you were.
    Ah so we should remove death from the game.
        Isn't that Mercy's entire purpose?
This is platchat tbh. There are legitimate concerns to have over stuns, but mobas are FULL of stuns. You got to play at all moments before being stunned and chose where to be. This isn't to say that Brigitte is balanced by this fact alone, but that's the entire point of a stun: to keep them from doing anything. 

OW is in good part moba. There are genres where stuns are not a thing, but obviously it's a valid mechanic at a base level in OW.
    This needs to be a lot higher. I've been reading so many complaints about Brigitte in the forums and on Reddit, but nothing really from the streamers. IIRC, Jayne didn't think she would have much, if any, effect on the meta. Just because she seems OP in QP or Arcade does not necessarily mean she'll be OP in Competitive play. 

>OW is in good part moba. There are genres where stuns are not a thing, but obviously it's a valid mechanic at a base level in OW.

Exactly. If a game is focused around unique abilities that provide a particular advantage which is key to winning, avoiding the enemy's abilities becomes a central part of the game. Stunning, amongst other things (e.g., positioning), is one way to avoid certain abilities. 
        I love CC in games, especially a shooter like this. Otherwise we would just all be playing CoD or CSGO, oh wait, they have CC too, flash and stun nades, etc.    
   
I love how this game has MOBA elements, that's why I've played it since it released. And I won't apologize for my Brig defending.
            > I love how this game has MOBA elements, that's why I've played it since it released. And I won't apologize for my Brig defending.

100%. The MOBA elements force you to outsmart your opponent instead of relying strictly on aiming, I think Blizz has done a great job 
                Sure. After I commented here, I looked through many more comments and found a lot of complaints about "not being able to control my character". Good, y'all getting a taste of PvP that transcends point and click.
        
>>OW is in good part moba.
>
>Exactly.

It has **aspects** of a moba. First and foremost it's an FPS. So balance it like an FPS not a moba. Cc creep is real.
I agree with you. I know this won't happen, but if all stuns were to be removed from the game, I'd be cool with that.
    As long as dashes/blinks are also removed ;)
Jesus, why is this the prevailing attitude in this thread. Every character is based around denying the other player’s fun. Killing people makes them unable to play for 10 seconds or so. Let’s remove dying.

In any multiplayer game, you need to accept that not every mechanic will make you have fun. It’s the nature of the game, and in a game for the most part dominated by the most mobile heroes, they need to implement things that allow players to counter mobility. This reduces the player’s of the mobility characters fun. Big whoop, it needs to if you want any of the non super mobile characters to have fun. And one of the most reliable methods you can stop mobility is a stun or cc of some sort.

A bunch of others in this thread are saying things like “Ana’s sleep dart, Rein’s charge, Mei’s kit, etc. is CC done right,” because they’re harder to do. But they also agree that any amount of being taken out of the game is bad because it’s not fun, and these take people out of the game for far longer. If the meta is based around mobility and they need to add heroes that can get around that, they can’t make it all hard to do, and so they make it shorter to compensate. 

I don’t play McCree. I find his flash bang much less annoying and “unfun” than a futile effort to hit a tracer with a character with no CC, but that’s fine by me. I play a hero who gets countered by them, so I have to rely on my teammates who can shut them down, and I don’t go on forums and yell about something being “unfun” because balance matters more than people mad about the meta becoming less easy. And really, I wouldn’t be surprised if that’s what a lot of mad people in this thread are mad about. How many of them try to flank and get bopped by a mccree’s flashbang? Because I’m willing to bet it’s, at least mostly, the players trying to dive and flank at heroes who can’t hit them because of lack of mobility, and not the backline heroes who don’t currently dominate the meta.

I think Brigitte needs to be nerfed, but Christ, this attitude of your fun needing to be constantly preserved is maddening.
    I can't say how much I appreciate this. Mobility heroes are good and interesting and push the limits of what can be done with this game, but they need to be countered or the game's balance will tilt in a pretty stale way. The point of overwatch is to switch; if you keep getting killed by brigitte as tracer, maybe you should be doing what the rest of us have been doing since launch; hitting that H button on death.
    > Jesus, why is this the prevailing attitude in this thread. Every character is based around denying the other player’s fun. Killing people makes them unable to play for 10 seconds or so. Let’s remove dying.

This is a dumb argument.  There has to be some consequence in the game, otherwise it becomes boring god mode.  The problem with CC's like stun etc is that it forces you to sit there an watch your now inevitable death.  And there are plenty of situations where you had no way to avoid it.  This is what's not fun.  A regular death is 10-ish seconds out of the game.  A CC means typically it's 12-16 seconds out of the game, plus the frustration of something happening that you may not have had control over.  And that doesn't even take into account if there's multiple stun characters all hitting you one after the other...

I think this problem has gotten worse because every character that's been released since launch has had some sort of super annoying CC.  The amount of CC has increased dramatically without introducing much, if any, counter CC.  So in a game where countering is everything, some characters have no ability to counter CC other than "dont get hit by it idiot".  Add to this Blizzard's penchant for making this game no-aim/no skill friendly.  If it required a bit more effort to stun a character, then I doubt it would be an issue.

I play tanks primarily, and CC is just as annoying for tanks as it is for everyone else...It's not a matter of "Hey we have loads of mobility in this game so we need CC." Everyone gets affected by this, not just the mobility heroes.
I'd say Charge, Trap, and Sleep dart are all interesting CC. (Earthshatter is definitely a mass stun, but it's an ult and has a wind-up, so not quite as annoying as McCree or Brig.)

Charge comes with lots of trade-offs; Rein is stalled as long as his catch, Rein needs to consider eventual positioning, he can be stopped (by other cc).

Trap stops movement, but you still have access to abilities. Catching a character that relies on movement (tracer) is completely different than capturing a hero that relies on abilities (rein).

Sleep dart is interesting as it's a really hefty stun, but it's canceled if you take damage. So you're taken out of the battle but you do have a much larger chance of surviving.

Traditional stuns are generally pretty boring and as the rest of this thread seems to indicate, not a fan-favorite.
    Are we all forgetting about Mei? Her kit is focused around CC.
        I definitely was. Not sure why though... she wasn't even on my radar when I was typing it.

I'd still consider her CC interesting since it builds (and how it interacts with her ult). 

It's very strange how Blizzard treats her though. They are super cautious about buffing her and hyper-aware that she may become annoying. But they're fine with the half of the new characters having an immediate stun that is considerably more useful and even more annoying.
            [deleted]
                Every game that adds content like OW suffers this, because pre-release they spend ages balancing every hero around one another, but when you release extra content you only really balance the new heroes against the old ones, not the other way around. So either the new hero sucks or they're OP, because companies don't want to rework 3 or 4 heroes to be effective counters every time they release a new hero
            I remember when Brig was new and I tried to ambush ult her team as Reaper.

One shield bash and I was instantly melted. 
                A friend I play with frequently has given up on heroes with channeled ults completely.

Between Brig, McCree, and Mei, I don't think he was able to get off a Roadhog ult in a good 4 or 5 games straight. 

            The thing I hate most about Mei is that once the freezing starts it's a long but sure slippery slope to death (healer main btw) I feel like even boop can't save me because she catches up faster than you thaw, and THEN when my DPS friends come to kill her she just ice-blocks, then walls, so that's ANOTHER 5-8 seconds you have to waste on her. The entire kit is frustration, it's not like getting flashed and killed in a second
    I think trap is a 'root' in the parlance I've heard for defining types of cc before (I suppose it's basically the opposite of forced movement type cc) 

So is graviton I think? 
        Root is correct, but Graviton and Halt are pulls with a root.
    This is why all the complains about Brigitte feels so fake.

When people realize that some popular characters have stun as well, characters that have fan-armor,  then those are "interesting" stuns.

edit

Its always like this.
 
Blame the new heroes, and defend the old, no matter what.
        The difference is that most of the oldschool stuns have some sort of heavy disadvantage that keeps them in check. McCree has absolutely no survivability so the stun is his last resort; Mei's stun is slow and easy to avoid for the majority of the cast; Roadhog hook is technically a stun but it revolves around skill on both sides; Ana's sleep dart is incredibly tricky to land and much like McCree is on an otherwise defenseless hero; Reinhardt's charge is usually a suicide button while his ultimate is avoidable and counterable by shields; the list goes on.

Brigitte bypasses the usual restrictions by being tanky, having no penalty for missing her stun, and having her stun be almost instant. As such, it's just not fun to fight against since there is no real outplay potential.
            Taking this again since im being spammed with downvotes:
> having no penalty for missing her stun, and having her stun be almost instant.

This is also most  of them, and if Brig misses she is  in trouble. Unlike the others that has higher damage and ways of fleeing. And Ana is a long distance hero. Not Brigitte. Brig has to be up front.


I can not understand how in any way these facts are controversial. Is it that important to blame the new heroes for everything, and always defend the old ones no matter what?

edit

The mob is now are now calling people "retarded" for not falling in line. Toxic shit. 
        Nah brig can click every 5 seconds and stun with no downsides. No other character can do it that often without the player needing to do anything. I realize you like playing brig, but she’s overpowered. Stop lying to yourself and us.
I think Ana’s sleep dart is cc done right. It’s a pretty tough shot to get off, long cool down, and the rest of her kit doesn’t necessarily guarantee that the sleep will result in a kill. She has to coordinate with her team, both to not wake the sleeping person and also to make sure that someone can finish them. 

Bridgette is basically the opposite though because it’s a short cool down, guaranteed hit, and done with no risk to her—she can easily duel most heroes 1v1. 
    And it cannot be stopped. McCree's and Ana's can be stopped by shields. As far as I know only Zaria's bubble or Orisa's halt stops the dang thing. 
It doesn't even do the dual knockdown like Doomfist or Reinheart when they hit another charging person. Bridgette can just stand in front of Doomfist and stun him out of a charging punch. 
        That's the thing that annoys me most about Shield Bash. It should not be able to stop Rocket Punch or Charge. 
            I'd be happy if it did the dual knockdown thing like when two Reinhearts collide. Right now there are few if any reasons for her not to pop off the stun if someone is in range. 
    But Ana’s sleep dart is also one of the weakest parts of her kit. It’s her only form of protection, but it is not only hard to hit on flankers, but also easily blocked by dive characters. It’s good on paper, but not in practice. It’s probably one of the most unreliable abilities in the game.

Im not arguing for or against CC, I’m just saying Ana’s is a bad example because it’s useless 80% of the time unless you’re facing clueless enemies. Ana’s CC is too situational, and Brigitte’s is too practical. I think a better example of good CC is Orisa’s halt. It’s useful, practical, but not oppressive. It’s a middle ground for CC, I’d say. 
What "CC" stands for?
    Crowd control 
        To major Tom
Isn't the effect of junkrat's trap more of a "root" ability than a stun? As in it roots someone to the ground for a limited time but they can still defend themselves/have some control save for movement. (although it's almost impossible to live through it)
    i never said it was a stun

CC means crowd control, meaning any kind of ability that disrupts the enemy by its ability alone. 
Reins CC is super unreliable especially his charge. Reliable CC would be Brigittes instant shield bash or Mccrees flashbang. Reins shit gets blocked super easy or just doesnt work for bullshit buggy reasons.
The best part is you can wait for Brigitte to use her stun, start your ult with literally perfect reaction tine, then get stunned halfway through your ult because fuck you, 5 second CD
    I remember when I found out that stuns cancel Moira's ult. I was less than pleased.
        As a Moira player, I agree.

As someone who also enjoys Sombra, I feast on Moira players' tears.
I see your point but TF2 is almost a completely different game at this point
    [deleted]
    It's still considered a game? I thought it was virtual dress up dolls with a few extra steps.
I really wonder what the solution to mobility is, if we aren't supposed to have cc.

Are we supposed to buff mccrees damage so that he is retardedly easy to play at low ranks? 

The only other solution is accepting that mobility is always going to rule ow.
    Add disables like the did with Zerya's grav. It disables all movement abilites but allows everything else. That kind of debuff only affects mobile heroes really.
This times a million. Stun is becoming a part of the game because dive is dominating the meta. Dive dominates the meta because the heroes are super mobile (not all of course) and they can easily maintain high ground. I don’t really see an easy way to solve the problem, but I think the stuns are necessary evil for the time being...
That's almost half the cast of TF2. If you count engie wrangle-jumping more than half the cast have extra mobility.
    All of them but Scout suffer from self-inflicted and falling damage, which means their mobility makes them an easier pick. Demo, for example, loses about half of his health per jump. Soldier is the most resistant and has a secondary that makes self-damage negligible, but he has to choose between rocket jumping and firing at his enemies, because his rocket launchers can hold only 3-5 rockets and are slow to reload.
    They also made medic run at his heal target's speed at some point, so he shares mobility. The only people not mobile are the sniper who doesn't need it, the spy who instead uses invisibility and the heavy who has weapons and strategies to help with it. 
        The Medic has to use a specific healgun variant to keep up with Scout, and it has a weaker Ubercharge to compensate.
Since Brigitte came out and sombra was buffed, I don’t feel comfortable using any channeled ult. I know it was the purpose of this abilities, but damn it sucks to be in the receiving end of it. Plus I love dive comps. It’s super fun and is certainly difficult to pull off. 
    Even worse for Moira's ult is if you react to Brigitte's cooldown of her stun, given human reaction, she will still stun you half of the way into your 8 sec duration ult.
    If there's a McCree and Brigitte on the red team, just don't bother trying to ult as Pharah unless they're both dead. You'll insta-die and lose your ult. 
        And then you probably still need to worry about Roadhog hooks or D.va eating your rockets...

It's a hard knock life for any channeled ult right now. Part of why I've been playing more and more Sombra.
    A channeled ult would be one like Pharahs rockets right? I've been finding that harder and harder to use and Im only at low levels, just below silver. If bronze players can usually stop it easily I can only imagine what high level players can do. 
        They wreck you. As soon as you kill someone and they see you have ult in the kill feed you're their number one target. ;c
If Brigitte stunned you, then you were probably out of position.
    It doesn't only apply Brigitte. There's Doomfist, Rein charge, Sombra hack, McCree stun, Road hook, and Ana dart.
Not to mention all the ability interrupters like Lucio boop, Pharah boop, Junk boop, Orisa pull, and at time Mei wall.

Edit: Also some heroes are prone to an instant Ult loss, like Mei, Road, Lucio, etc. So if the enemy team has one even one flanker with a stun they can just target them when they show signs of ulting and it's gone.
Doomfist is pretty much an all CC hero, won't argue that, I don't have a problem with whipshot since it doesn't force you to be in an extra vulnerable position, sleep darts take skill to land, except on tanks, but they can usually handle it, and hack is a little obnoxious post buff, but that's not too bad.
    Doom is absolutely gigantic and has a relatively high skill floor compared to Brigitte. Half the time you have to use his abilities to escape too. Seems like you have some dislike of Doom?
        True. Getting killed by a cheesy doom fist doesn’t feel as bad as getting maced to the face with Brigitte. I hate her. 
            She's the worst. If she goes into comp. as she is right now I'm going to hate it.

With Doom it feels like you have a chance, against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.
                >  against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.

It feels almost impossible to win a fight against Brig. She knocks you around on ridiculously small cooldown abilities and self-heals with her unlimited ammo melee attack that can't miss.
                    While I disagree with the extreme-ness of saying that it’s almost impossible to kill her, I think you articulated why she is annoying and should be nerfed as well as anyone I’ve seen explain her lol 
                        Thanks. Her 1v1 ability really highlights the problems. 

A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is absurd.
                Stay away from her. Just keep at least 10m of distance and you should be fine. Play junk pharah sombra mccree or reaper and just shoot her barrier. She will be pretty useless against it. Don‘t get near her as long as you didn‘t break her shield. Focusing her from 2 angles is really good too. Just dont dive her solo with tracer or genji and you should be rather fine. I play and played a lot of brigitte cause i like her so much. But i can already feel a lot of people are getting onto playing against a brigitte. I honestly think she is not THAT strong. Keep distance my dudes ;)

Edit: some words. 
                    Basically everything you said is a recipe for a stale meta. Brigitte+Mercy as healers means it's risky for the enemy to dive (Brigitte) but you also have a really hard time getting picks (Brigitte heal+armor, Mercy heal+res). Gonna be a lot of Junkrat spam and sitting behind shields.
                    Just never leave spawn loooool
Not all CCs are stuns. Rocket Punch has a stun (as in it will interrupt abilities and stop you from doing ANYTHING) whereas the rest of his kits are only CC in the form of ‘boops’. They move you but don’t interrupt anything and don’t completely rob you of control. 
that's not true at all, DF punch stun is pretty worthless to DF himself as the animation for the punch is as long as the stun so hes not benefitting from it too much short of a point blank tap, and slam and uppercut are more roots than anything (and uppercut leaves DF sitting in the air and is easy as fuck to shoot down if you don't have punch to jump away)
I wouldn’t consider whip shot to be, but I agree with you on the rest. I don’t think whip shot is any more of a stun than pharaohs concussion shot is. It’s a push, not a stun. 
    Same with uppercut and seismic. Rocket punch is DF's only stun as it will interrupt channeled abilities.
Doomfist has a much higher skill ceiling and those abilities aren’t stuns besides rocket punch. Sleep dart is a slow skillshot that requires a lot of prediction and a long cooldown, whip shot and hack aren’t stuns, the problem is the instantaneous stuns with no counterplay. At least mcree flashes are deflectavle/blockable by shields and rocket punch almost stops a df in his tracks when charging
I hate that there's a character who can reflect 80% of attacks sent his way, is nearly flying, and does extraordinary burst damage.
I hate that there's a character who has one of the smallest frames in the game, multiple teleports, a gigantic burst damage kit, and the capacity to wash off damage done to her and disengage at her will.
Both of those things make me feel pretty out of control as most characters, so why is your fun more important than mine?
    I'm talking about CC, not heroes having a loaded kit.  I don't particularly enjoy stuff like Roadhog hook, Mei freezing, Brigitte stun, Doomfist "stun"-ish abilities.
        Those stun abilities were brought into the game to counter high mobility characters. Dive *needs* some counter strategy and this is pretty obviously how they build it up.
    So. Much. This. I understand all the Tracer/Genji mains complaining about Bridgette’s stun. The rest of us, especially healer mains, have had to deal with constant bullying with barely any counter play from these heroes for how long now? How unfortunate that you can no longer sit in the back line and oppress the shit out of the squishies with no drawback.
        Preach. I find Brig's bash as annoying as the next gal, but honestly annoying Tracers and Genjis and Bliz's never-ending urge to lick their asses is infinitely more annoying and has been for two years vs the month or two Brig's been out. 
What can't be countered? 
1v1 against Brigitte as Roadhog is incredibly frustrating unless you get the jump on her. I just try to avoid her at all costs. 

Also fuck you if you play Brigitte in FFA.
    A healer SHOULD NOT be able to take on a tank 1v1. that shit isn't right and it's my biggest gripe with Brigitte. 
    > 1v1 against Brigitte as Roadhog is incredibly frustrating 

This sentence alone should raise eyebrows. Hog is a **tank** with 900 effective hp, minimum. He has a shotgun and chain hook.

A healer can currently beat him in a fight, easily.

That's fucking broken beyond all belief. The goddamn bruiser tank can't fight this healer.
    I can understand the frustration of having to deal with Brigittes in FFA.

But for a little but of math versus Roadhog...

Rocket Flail is 35 dmg, with a swing rate of one every 0.6 sec, coming out to 58.3 dps.

Whip Shot is 70 dmg, with a cooldown of 4 sec, coming out to 17.5 dps if we ignore travel time.

Shield Bash is 50 dmg, with a cooldown of 5 sec, coming to 10 dps when again ignoring travel time.

If we completely ignore that Brigitte can't be doing one of these while she's doing another, these add up to 85.8 dps.

At 85.8 dps, it takes 6.99 sec to kill a 600 hp Roadhog.

If you are trying to actually save the Shield Bash to interrupt his heal, this drops.

If you are trying to block his hook or any of his shots, this drops.

If he manages to get off a full heal, he has extended his life by 3.45 sec or more, and might be able to get off a second heal because of that.

---

Honestly, Brigitte's Repair Pack ability is a million times worse for Roadhogs because of her ability to save people when they do get hooked. It means your combo has to be perfect, and even then might not kill the target if the pack arrives and gives armor in time.
    Brigitte wont have enough damage to kill a Roadhog unless you all have the time do that 1v1, which rarely happens because this is a team game.

She needs to be close to be able to do anything and Roadhog shreds anyone close range.
> But then, say, you attack her with a character like Sombra or Widow machine gun, and she outheals your damage, which is annoying since not a single other healer outheals your damage (except in bursts, like Moira).

I'm not sure how you got this impression.

Brigitte's only self-heal is Inspire, which heals for 80 HP over its 5 second duration. It cannot be stacked, only refreshed. That is 16 HP/sec.

For scale, Lucio's **un-amped** passive healing is about 12 HP/sec, and it's about 35 HP/sec when amped. Mercy's passive regeneration is 20 HP/sec. Moira's self-healing when draining someone is 30 HP/sec, and her orbs heal herself for 75 HP/sec.

Even Zenyatta's shields regenerate at 20 HP/sec after 3 seconds, and Ana has her 100 HP burst self-heal every 10 seconds.

So really, I'm not sure how you got the impression that none of the other healers can out-heal your damage against themselves, when the reality is that almost all of them do it better.
    I think it's more that they can out heal damage in bursts, or have to be taking another action. Brigitte self heals by being aggressive which is perceived as more effective because she hurts the other player as well. Lucio might be able to out heal with amp in a fight but only for a short time, moria is the only one that benefits from being aggressive like brigitte
        Also Lucio doesn't have periods of not taking damage while healing himself. Brigitte can put up a 600 hp buffer shield while healing, and stun you while still healing. Lucio can be killed semi easily while in healing mode, whereas Brigitte requires a bit more of a focused effort to bring her down.
To add to McCree's flash: he has standard movement and standard health.

Brigitte has a shield to work with in order to help her get closer to the enemy, *and* she doesn't have to let the shield down/sacrifice some protection in order to use her bash.

McCree has to be a lot smarter about how he pulls off a flash. He doesn't have a shield to protect him against an enemy that's dueling him, he is slow, and his gun requires a lot of aim for him to fight back. Brigitta requires 0% aim to hit an enemy in her proximity.
Would you try to 1v1 a Roadhog as a Winston? Would you try to fight Tracer 1v1 while playing as Orissa? Or maybe you'd like to fuck Genji up using Mercy?

Those are all stupid decisions. So is trying to fight Birgitte 1v1 with Roadhog or some of the DPS roster.

As with the examples above, some heroes just counter others. Birgitte counters heroes that often just don't have a counter, but she gets fucked up _hard_ by any hero with good range. Soldier with good positioning devastates her. Any Pharah murders her. Widow destroys her. 

If you're ever in a position where you're required to 2v1 her, it's because your team is making stupid decisions, not because she's too strong. If the enemy team has a Pharah, someone on your team should play Soldier/Widow/McCree. If the enemy team has a Genji, someone on your team should play Winston. It's the same story with Birgitte: counter her, or die.
    > It's the same story with Birgitte: counter her, or die.

Maybe that's the struggle people are having with her. While some DPS excelled at killing supports in general, some of the most popular choices for it typically don't excel at killing Brig. Hell, she can't even heal her team unless there's a warm body for her to beat on, otherwise it's a CD based single target heal. 
    > So is trying to fight Birgitte 1v1 with Roadhog or some of the DPS roster.

>It's the same story with Birgitte: counter her, or die.

If a healer can't be countered by Roadhog, then there is a massive fucking problem, dude.

        Why should one tank hero be able to counter every hero in a category?
            Because it's not just "a category." It's specifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer.
                > cifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer

Why? I'm not trying to argue with you here, just trying to understand your thought process.
                    A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is quite possibly the most ridiculous thing I can imagine in the game.

If you aren't able to understand that, I honestly don't know how to explain it further.
                        How do you account for hybrids here? Lucio's _primary_ purpose has always been about speed aura, with the healing as a secondary bonus. Zenyatta's healing is mediocre at best, and his _primary_ purpose is Discord Orb (he also murders Roadhog from a distance). These two are DPS + healer hybrids.

Birgitte is a tank + healer _hybrid_, meaning she fulfills aspects of both roles. As you said, this literally means creating space while also providing support. 

If you want to stick your head in the sand and complain that Birgitte _just isn't fair_ instead of adapting and finding ways to deal with her, that's kind of on you. Her DPS sucks and is easily among the lowest in the game. It takes her more than 15-20 seconds to deal with Roadhog, who could instead back away and find a better target. Or you could actually break her shield (which is stupidly easy for Roadhog) and totally deprive her of her core tools.

Or you could, you know, either swap to or encourage your team to play a counter to her.
That’s some stellar teamplay by your opponents.
But what you explained is a well balanced scenario actually... 

There SHOULD be counters that aren't just damage based to someone being (basically) invincible and highly mobile. The biggest counter to highly mobile heroes is CC. Without CC dive comps become even stupider. 

This game IS enough moba'ish that counter picking or swapping off heroes due to bad matchups is a thing. You shouldn't BE playing winston into a team with high CC unless you have a zarya or something that can help you out in situations like that. 

If a team decides to blow an ult, a hard to hit skill shot (ana dart) and a stun all on you. You SHOULDN'T get to do much if your team isn't backing you up. Like if you don't have a rein shielding you after the initial rein ult, or a zarya bubbling you out of that CC... or SOMETHING running interference so you don't eat all of their CC, you should eat it all. 

I mean a team that is smart enough to use rein ult on you, sleep you without waking you, and then bash you at the end deserves that. Especially if your team doesn't have the comp or doesn't try to assist you at all. And it's also your fault for playing into it. You have both a leap and a shield to avoid rein ult. 

    > You shouldn't BE playing winston into a team with high CC

Fair criticism. Like I said on another reply we thought it would be possible (last point) and they changed to brigitte last minute.
And don't forget when you play as a tank but most of the time you are flying because Junk's mines send you to the stratosphere, just to get back to earth and get stunned 
My question is why you were playing winston into a comp that can easily cc you when you dive. I don't know the rest of the people there but none of that would happen to an Orisa.
    Fair enough we really though it would be possible.

I'm gold btw
> Wouldn’t mei count as a cc stun?

Mei's freeze takes 2-3 business days to activate.  90% of the heroes can use a skill to escape / reset the effect instantly.

there is a difference between quick stuns that are bullshit and not deserved (brigs shield bash) and ones that actually take time or risk 


meis freeze needs both time AND risk so when ever i get frozen i dont really complain because that took skill.
Guess you forgot Moira, the second-most-recent hero released.
    True, but she still fits in the annoying-to-play-against category with her insane healing, damage and survivability. The only original hero which annoys me is Junkrat, the rest are ones which were added after release.
        I hate the rat too haha. So, so, so much...
I think she’s actually a huge Reinhardt counter because she can bash through shield and knock him back with minimal setup and just a bit of team coordination. That seems contrary to what she was designed to
    But it feels like everybody counters Rein's shield they add in. Not exclusive to her
Problem is a lot of people feel she counters other things better than what she was "designed" to counter.

I'd argue that against an actual well-coordinated team she does nothing to dive. She'll stop a Winston going in alone sure, but if the team knows how to focus targets as any good dive should I honestly don't think it really makes a difference.
You can totally get value out of just McCree's stun, you can cancel some ults with it.
As someone who has over 2000 hours on TF2, I can relate
    I feel like at this point if someone played TF2 they have over 2000 hours on it. 
        TF2 is one of those hit or miss games. Either you don't like it or you become completely obsessed with it. 
            tbh, the only reason I like overwatch is that it captured the TF2 feel.

And TF2 lost that feel by spamming us with ugly-ass hats.
>No one complains when they get stunned at Max range because it's a very short stun and takes skill to land due to it being a slow projectile.

If no one complained, then why was it nerfed in Jungle Inferno patch?
Flashbang is needed for McCree to be useful vs flankers. That's his only unique identity right now.
    Yeah otherwise he’s just kinda average DPS with not much cool about him. His stun punishes you heavily for getting too close to him
If there were no stuns or cc, there would be no mobility.


Man, I miss that rifle. 

I'd love to have it in Overwatch.
I play a lot of Rein and healers. FUCK playing against Brigitte.
"My no-skill press-to-not-get-hit button should require SKILL and AIM to counter! Healers should be free kills! RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE" - literally this thread.
Certainly not introducing a character that stops a character like tracer from just running rampant, since then characters that do not just run around rampant, are utterly fucked more than her
While Doomfist doesn't require accuracy the way a Soldier/Widow/McCree does, missing his abilities on targets typically leaves him vulnerable to being dead with a quickness. Definitely more skill involved him playing him effectively than Brig/Moira.
    Truth. Being able to *flick* your Punch to an enemy's trajectory is how you get kills with it. Tracking is very important too, because his little knuckle shotgun is key to finishing off weakened enemies.
I wonder what high-skill, high-risk, high-reward support hero Blizz will add next
And unlimited ammo.
They also have little to no damage.
Knock up and knock back, pull and root, and a mez. Not stuns. Crowd Control is pretty broad. We also have slows, Mei and Sym. And prot shred, Zen.   
   
People that play shooters aren't used to CC being a thing. I think it adds more to the game than just point and click.
Why are you away from your team as a healer? Dive works because they can focus down targets quickly. If you give them an open target, of course it feels op.
If she's near you, she can stun you to save her ally.

If she's far, she can whip-shot you to knock you away, or throw her heal/armor on the target and save her teammate.

Her ult makes it impossible to kill anyone as Hog. A perfect headshot would only do enough to remove armor. It takes 2 perfect body-shots to remove the ult armor.

Same thing with Doomfist and his combos.

Feels really bad man.
Don’t think her freeze is OP at this point. I think it’s finally to the level where she’s not so situational. She’s supposed to be a part of the new anti-dive meta that the overwatch team is cooking up.
also happened in that small mmo called world of warcraft. wait wat.
    Still happening. People just use different types of CC one after the other. In many arena matches I might as well just get up and take a shit when I'm getting chain cc over and over.
Herc knock up into dash, into ymir freeze, into bellona ult, into anubis mumify into anubis laser beam.   Feels bad man.   Of course it took a while to get that diminishing returns added since people would say "Just get beads lawl".   Even with the diminishing returns, its still possible to stun someone for a long enough time to burst them down to nothing, although tanks could survive it  but would be critically low
Paragone
    F
It's not even on purpose. From a dev standpoint it has to *feel* so clever. It's an established mechanic that everybody is familiar with and works for, almost, every character (nobody questions why the cowboy of all heroes has a flashbang?). It doesn't do damage, or if it does, very little, and hell, it might even be a necessary balance mechanic to let your glass cannon get away from danger. 

But pretty soon, it can dominate the meta, and not in a good way. At the end of the day, stun isn't fun (no rhyme intended). It's incredibly frustrating when you die as a result of stun and can quickly become a broken mechanic if implemented poorly. 

Again, it's a problem with developing characters. In a genre that mandates diverse characters, all (ideally) equally viable and any new characters needing to be balanced to the meta, at some point or another stun is going to start creeping in across several characters. 
    >any new characters needing to be balanced to the meta,

This seems off to me.  The meta is a twelve-year-old teenybopper.  Its tastes are fickle and can change after one landmark OWL game.

Heroes should be balanced against each other, not against their performance in the current competitive environment.  There *should* be weak heroes in any given meta---otherwise, counters don't exist, and they should.
        This is faulty logic. You don't need weak characters to have counters. Look at Dota 2. 110 of the ~115 heroes are viable in the professional meta. In OW, we have must picks like D.Va and Tracer and never-picks like Symmetra. No reason for this kind of imbalance.
            You don't need weak characters to have counters, but if you *have* counters, and the meta is stable, then some characters will be weak *in that meta*, while still being perfectly balanced.  Thus, it's a bad idea to put too much weight on "How are they doing in the current meta?" when balancing a hero.
            Most heroes are viable in dota, but half of them are only viable in very specific situations. 

Also there are plenty of "weak" hero's in Dota currently that are balanced in the way he is describing. Pushing is the current meta in Dota making any hero with a weak early game near unplayable. 

However if the meta shifts those hero's go from weak to strong with no change in there stats or abilities. This is often seen in Dota as a hero can go from being shit to OP over the course of a patch with no actual changes to the hero.
    It's one of those situations where the individual hero **will** be balanced, but once you can fill a team, despite having a sensible composition, with CC-centric heroes because so many are available, the overall game balance breaks.

The same happened in Heroes of the Storm with hyper-mobile and range-enhanced heroes. They are balanced individually, but there's so many now that the overall game balance tanked and older heroes feel quite outdated.
    It's too late for this now, but I kind of wish tanks in general were designed around being low damage with good CC (not necessarily stuns, but roots, slows, silences, damage reduction debuffs, etc). Imagine if Roadhog had a hook + slow combo instead of a hook + oneshot combo. He becomes very strong at setting up kills for his teammates instead of himself, which I think is a dynamic that Overwatch could use more of.
        So what I'm getting from this is you think too many people play tanks right now.
    Flashbang does 10 damage iirc. left click Headshot does 140. Tracer has 150hp.
        Flashbang does 25*
    Thats one thing that I like about their hero rate of release.

Look at most mobas and they release a new hero every 3 weeks to a month.

OW we get a four hero's a year.

Much slower power creep, much better balance. etc.
        Better balance? Lol. The game was more balanced at launch than it is now.
That is very true! 
IMO, if they introduced v.42 on the Legacy map, it would have been a great game.
    [deleted]
        The new map encouraged a mid lane deathball meta, so whoever won the first team fight just steamrolled down mid while the other team had very staggered respawn due to the increasing death timers.
            [deleted]
                Not at all.
                    [deleted]
                        Grim was such a great concept, along with Iggy, Muriel, Zynx and a bunch of others, but the devs were fucking clueless when it came to moba balancing.
You'd be hard pressed to find more gorgeous art
[deleted]
    I'm not a MOBA player - aren't you locked into a single hero for the whole match? I like to think that Overwatch encourages a bit more hero diversity since you can change as the situation requires
    Dota has 117 heroes but almost all of them are played at each major event. This is because the devs prioritize game balance over just about everything. If you gave icefrog 2 weeks with overwatch he could probably have it balanced better than Blizzard has managed to balance it in 2 years. However all the QPers and bronze players would cry that the heroes actually have a skill floor and things like mindless wall riding lucio wouldn't exist. 
        World of warcraft has been released in 2004 and blizzard hasn't done yet finished to balance and nerf its classes.
            balancing is a never ending process, you gotta be dumb to think a game can achieve perfect balance
                I can balance overwatch. Remove every hero other than soldier 76.  There. Balanced. Perfectly.  :P

Perfect balance only happens when all players are identical.
        > Dota has 117 heroes but almost all of them are played at each major event.

O RLY?

https://www.dotabuff.com/procircuit/hero-meta?start_time=month&end_time=now&region=all&min_designation=minors&max_designation=majors&view=overview
            That's still 104 out of 116 heroes that are available in captain's mode picked at least once
            Only 12 heroes weren't picked, and that's only at the pro level. All of those 12 heroes are viable at every MMR in pubs. Hell I have a 65%+ win rate on Necro and Bristleback with 200+ games played on each of them. 
                Yeah thats only for the last 30 days. If you set it to patch 7.08 its only Clinkz Riki, Necro and WR that havent been played. Necro is the only one that surprised me on that list but I kind of suck at Dota (even though Ive played it since WC3 days) so what do I know. 
            Look how almost all of them have at least 1 match played.

Some have their niches but at least they're getting some use.
                Well... if you're using that as your metric for balance that implies that Overwatch is doing just fine in the balance department. DotA has 104 of 116 characters in use. That's about 90% of the characters, which is pretty good. 

This season of OWL has shown us all characters in use at some point except for Symmetra. That's something like 25/26 characters (96%) in use for at least one point in one map. Sure, they have their niches, but they're still getting used, right? 
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        > an original idea

Ok but which part of Overwatch is original? OWL aside, the game itself uses no real "new" ideas, just a new combination of character abilities.
            Overwatch isn't original. Project Titan WAS, but they scrapped it and turned what they made into Overwatch. The original vision was very ahead of it's time. 
                I know some of Titan, but what made it ahead of its time? Genuinely curious
                    They were trying to make it the first major FPS looter with crafting and other MMO elements. The rumor is a lot of it was scrapped when Destiny was shown off. 

I somewhat wish we still got Titan 
                        So Titan was just Borderlands with crafting? 
                            MMO Borderlands with crafting. Masively Multiplayer with a huge world.
            Yeah I really don't get this either. Blizzard's development strategy has always been to take a popular idea and refine it to the extreme, for better or for worse.
                And while they do generally refine it pretty well EVENTUALLY (*cough* Diablo3 and Starcraft2 *cough*), it seems like a lot of time they have a game idea but not a game lifetime idea. They STILL haven't made up their minds about Overwatch being casual or competitive (one-tricking may or may not be bannable, so meta picks may or may not be mandatory)
    They did change the cooldown reduction on mayhem for Anas sleepdart though, so Im sure theyre well aware of the problem.
    I still can't believe how long it took to get her to a reasonable place.  The original mercy re-work is almost a year old.
    I feel like judging Blizzard by a different team that made mistakes seven years ago is a bit harsh.

I think Overwatch has it's own problems but typically heroes released aren't terribly OP, and have a lot of interesting mechanics that aren't just hard disables (sleep, hacking, doomfists push, etc.)
        > I feel like judging Blizzard by a different team that made mistakes seven years ago is a bit harsh.

Jeff Kaplan was the designer for Wrath of the Lich King, the expansion u/morphoray is citing. It is literally the last thing he worked on before switching to Project Titan (2009-2014), which became Overwatch. Most of the Overwatch dev team was recruited from inside Blizzard as well.
            Wotlk was a solid expansion for pvp; compared to the cluster that was Legion pvp. MoP 5,4 was probably the most balanced but Wotlk pvp was great.
                DKs getting glad in blues was balanced.
    Ditto.

My last days of wow were spent mostly playing twinked chars in the 30-39 battlegrounds.

I had a 70 shadow priest that I had previously loved to PVP with at low levels...but the high level battlegrounds were just miserable.  Stun, Fear, Polymorph, Mind Control, Silence, Etc.  Even though I had the good fortune of being an undead priest, and thus having the old racial anti-CC ability, but it still felt like half of all encounters were decided by CC.

So instead I just had an awesome time in the 30-39 games (just felt like the best spot...no mounts yet, low-CC and nobody unlocked capstone abilities) for as long as I could before selling my account.

Abilities that cause others to lose control of their character are miserable to play against.  At least things like Sombra's Hack are "soft" CC in that you still have access to your primary attack (or junk's trap may halt your movement, but you can still use abilities and primary fire).  
    People put too much value on balance. It's pretty important, but if you have a character roster of 30 where a third of them are so stupidly bad that you could never justify playing them and the others are fine, diverse, and also fun to play that's a pretty good spot to be in. 

Starcraft 2 has been, at various points in it's life cycle, one of the most balanced games you could ever hope to play. At it's most balanced point, where it managed to actually surpass the statistical balance of *chess*, was where it actually was in one of it's worst spots in terms of actual gameplay enjoyment. Basically nobody wants that game to go back to the era of Infestor/Broodlord, despite the fact that statistical balance was sitting pretty at 50% across all match ups. 
    Ugh, flashbacks to Rogue/mage/priest and the introduction of diminishing returns.
        Played HARP rogue and SL/SL Warlock in 2v2 arenas to 2400 ELO in season 3... our entire strategy was to make it 2v1 by stun locking one target while DOTs ticked on both enemies. 

While I have good memories of that season, I would hate to see OW dominated by CC. 
        You forgot Druids.
            I'm repressing
I agree with your post 100% and yes she would be very bad without the shield bash, just like Hog would be useless without his hook. 
Diminishing returns would be nearly worthless, as few heroes survive even the first stun.
"My butt is a killer? WHAT DID YOU DO!?"
it's a shame genji is the only male butt in the game. We could all be living the bi life if only blizzard would add more cute boys.
    Stop reading my thoughts dammit
    Honestly it's kind of an oversight that there isn't someone who is really, really ridiculously good-looking on the male side. Though they're certainly trying to make up for it with stuff like Lifeguard McCree.
        The real truth here is that Blizzard's favoring the rough daddies and ignoring the twink side of the Boy Meta. Lifeguard McCree does work but imo the next hero needs to be a cute twunk with a bubblebutt and also maybe the butt absorbs stun damage idunno just spitballing here
            this is the gay agenda
        Reyes is really hot, but he's behind a mask in almost all his skins, so :(
While correct, the issue I have with this design is that it keeps working by **escalating** the current situation.

It's basically an arms race. Instead of simply nerfing the spearhead point of the current meta foundation ,therefor making it fall apart entirely and forcing a new one, they keep adding stronger new heroes specifically to counteract a situation which might not exist any more later on (see: Sombra).
    Blizzard has been in the massively popular multiplayer game business for a long time. The biggest take away they've learned over a decade of WoW and Diablo patching?  No one likes getting nerfed.  It feels better as a player to have everyone else get buffed to match an overpowered ability or play style instead of killing off what makes it good. 

This gives the players a great feeling, but eventually causes skill bloat.  WoW occasionally pruined back skills and talents, Diablo 3 focused on giving seasonal players an easy to obtain gear set to drop characters along an intended set of skills. Heroes of the Storm  has such a large amount of single skilled characters that counterplay comes naturally.  

Blizzard is struggling to find that balance with overwatch.  Players get attached to the characters instead of the skills.  Look at this sub to see how many threads about Reinhardt needing buffs pop up. Hanzo will be the first to lose an ability that's being replaced with something entirely different.  (Sym's shields were turned into an ult, Mercy had rez turn into a normal skill). People aren't terribly it about the loss of scatter, it needed to go. Instead, the biggest concerns seem to be about how iconic it is from the short.  

[deleted]
    Thanks!  The meta design of this game has fascinated me, you can clearly see the intention vs player optimization every time a new hero or map comes out.  

Emergent strategies like Hanzo floor scatters and Lucio rollouts can take a skill far beyond what it was ever intended for.  Glitches like Mercy slingshot get embraced while Genji's ledge dash gets removed.  The ebb and flow of the constant design dance is spectacular.
Underrated comment 
Hmm, why would you say that about Hanzo? From what I know, Hanzo's scatter was an intentional tank-buster, but people hated it, so they made a new, more fair, tank-busting ability.
    The reason people hated it was because it was incredibly cheap method of killing people. No hero should have an easy ability that can oneshot a tank. On top of that, scatter's potential to randomly kill unintended targets who were nowhere near where hanzo shot is just ridiculous. To sum up, scatter was an OP, luck-reliant ability that when utilized correctly was horrible to deal with, from both a balance and a gameplay perspective. Volley's (is that the name?) much better, because while it can still be used as a tank-buster, it's much more reliant on the player's ability to get shots off than scatter was.
        A sniper had the best close-range one-shot in the game
    [deleted]
        https://www.invenglobal.com/articles/4865/interview-with-overwatch-dev-tim-ford-regarding-symmetra-turning-into-a-defense-hero-and-the-channel-system

> Scatter Arrow was designed to melt tanks in the first place. However, it didn’t feel great to be killed by it in the actual game. It felt like you don’t get why you died? There were times players couldn’t accept it.

> To go into details, we’ll be keeping the damage as it is; we are aiming to change it to some other form that the person hit can accept. It would be more advantageous for players with good aim, I guess? It will be changed so that even if you do get killed, you’d approve of your opponent’s good aim.
Adding some counter CC would be awesome for the game
    Isn't that how paragon went to shit? 
        It went to shit because Epic cash•cowed out for Fortnite, but who can blame them. The heroes and gameplay is not what did it, the community tried so hard and Epic just gave up.
Genji can do it to flashbang which is satisfying/annoying depending which end of it you are on 
    PTR testing indicates that trying to do this is suicidal now.
        How significant is the reduction to the hitbox?
Give them an ability called "no u"
    Hmm they might want to go with something a little less meme.

Maybe "deflect" or something.
    Lol
A character with no special abilities.

Passive: whatever ability hits you, you can use it as if it were your own with the same cooldowns and whatnot. Up to two. Holding Reload clears them out and lets you steal new abilities.
Trade overall damage buff for some CC resistance?

Would it lead to the same problem that Orisa suffers from when being ulted by a Roadhog?
    That is literally one ult out of hundreds of abilities that serves as a counter though. In all other situations, it’s a massive improvement.
        I think it'd be a downgrade if anything. The 50% damage buff is ridiculous, arguably one of the strongest ultimates in the game if used well. Making it just prevent CC is a MASSIVE downgrade.
            It should do both. Its already not too overpowered.
As someone who plays a lot of Zarya, it pops all the time. 
    I flex Zarya a lot and I can never tell when it pops.
        When you reach ~~50~~ 40 energy from 1 bubble, it probably popped.

EDIT: My brain is in the past.
            You can only get 40 charge per bubble since the nerf, but typically when you max out like that the bubble breaks or is very close to breaking. 
                Yeah I literally noticed it in a game after I sent this comment, mb
                    I miss the good 'ol days of Zarya too :(
            it's been a very VERY long time since you could get 50 energy off of a single bubble. they nerfed that ages ago.
        [deleted]
            I mean I generally have an idea, as I pay a lot of attention to my charge and my teammates' positions, but I've never noticed a clear visual indicator nor have I played attention to that audio cue.

But thanks for the TIL!
I beg to differ. The hitbox of the bubble is pretty big. If more than one hero focuses it, it pops pretty quickly
    So this is why the enemy Zarya is always at full charge.
        If you think you can kill zarya then you're supposed to break it. Otherwise don't
            You can't use the charge if you're dead.
        Bad players shoot the Zarya bubble.

Good players don't shoot the Zarya bubble.

Great players know *when* to shoot the Zarya bubble. 
            Yeah, if Zarya bubbles herself at low health you shoot the bubble. If she bubbles a teammate that's about to die, you *might* shoot the bubble unless Zarya's been wrecking your team because then you want to not give her charge more than you want to not let her teammate live. If she hasn't been performing well, let her have all the charge she can get and she won't hit much. Just be ready to counter a grav if you let it go on long enough.

There's a lot more to it than that, but I'm not a great player so that's as far as my knowledge goes.
                Aw I think you’re great 
                Also ok to shoot the bubbles when she's already full charge (a.k.a. glowing AF)
                    [deleted]
        As an offtank main who loves playing Zarya, SHHHHHHH! don't tell them!
        Zarya is a strange hero because when I verse her my team doesn’t understand the whole don’t shoot her or if we pop the bubble we have to kill her now situation. She also comes in handy for hog hooks and reinhardt charges 
        that's exactly what I was thinking.
    but you almost never wanna do that unless you are certain you can finish them off *and* the zarya is not gonna be maximum charge and coming for you, or it is the zarya and you can finish her off, of course.
        The tradeoff is quite simple, actually: positioning x damage.  
If you break her bubble, you probably catch her in a somewhat unplanned position, although at higher charge. You wait it out, she has time to reposition (ideally requiring more resources to kill her), but she'll be at a lower charge.

Sometimes her positioning makes it worth it, sometimes it doesn't. Just pay attention to where she is and where the extra seconds would allow her to be. She is slow, it's not hard to figure it out.
        Though if the Zarya is already maximum charge and coming for you...go to town I guess?
            Or run
                Running definitely helps, once I was playing a comp game and the Zarya was always full charge so I said to my teammates “let’s just wait in spawn for 15 seconds so her charge goes down” it helped
                    [deleted]
                        Range for sure. My hardest Zarya games were with speedboost and discord/mercy damage boost.
            but if that is the case you should be nowhere near her :D
        >you almost never wanna do that unless you are certain you can finish them off and the zarya is not gonna be maximum charge and coming for you

Isn't one extra enemy + low charge Zarya stronger than max charge Zarya?
            Ehhh. 200 DPS with 400 hp is a force to be reckoned with. Plus the bombs
            Yes. And Zarya is easy to focus down if she doesn't have her bubble up too. Bubble or not, if you can focus a person easily, you should do it.
    Fair enough.
So that's why my bubbles doesn't last anything while the enemies' seems to last forever!
Also note that any instance of damage that would break the bubble is completely blocked. That way, bubble can completely stop things like Tire and Self Destruct
Maybe supercharger only applies the CC immunity part of fortify? That doesn't seem OP on its own
    That doesn't just seem "not OP," it sounds straight up weak. Immunitycharger would only help against, what, Grav and Blizzard? Earthshatter *IF* the Orisa herself wasn't caught in it? Maybe Primal Rage? Those are literally the only circumstances in the game that this ult would be reliably useful in. 

It would definitely need something more, though it's hard to say what. 
    I could see supercharger working like this instead of its current form:

- orisa ults, placing down bongo as normal

- it has 15m range, as normal (number could be adjusted but w/e)

- everyone in 15m gets the supercharger aura

- super charger aura gives CC immunity and 40% damage reduction 

- after 4-5 seconds, CC immunity aura wears off but damage reduction aura persists

=

And another "alternately": it could also just be range based where allies within a short range like 5m get CC immunity. The buffs could also scale based on range from supercharger or based on how far they are from supercharger.

=

ATM I do like Orisa as a hero and the ult is potent but it still definitely feels out of place. 
I just kinda still hoping for a trample ability of some sort on Orisa, she's a horse lady got dammit let her crush fools! but I agree with you her ult should guard her teammates against CC, makes more sense for the hero concept
    Nano + Speed Boost + Fortify/Trample

I like this meta idea.
ironically, this is exactly what happens every time you try to charge as Rein
    And then the Rein that tires to charge you gets slept, hooked, stunned bashed and then you try to charge him but then you get slept...
Happened to me as Zarya. I was, constantly and in no particular order: Flashbanged, Shield Bashed, Hooked, SoundWaved, Seismic Slam/Rocket Punched.

I despise having control taken from me ingame, and I couldn't do a single thing.
    Happened to me as Zarya as well. I had a game where I couldn't use any of my abilities because I was *always* hacked, and then got frozen or punched in the air and quickly killed by Doomfist. I had my ultimate for about 3 minutes without being able to use it, every push I got fucked. When I finally used it and our Genji used his ultimate, Sombra just cancelled everything with her ult, which she had every fight anyway.

An entire game in which I basically couldn't use any of my abilities. I don't think any member of our team got an ultimate off, they either got hacked or interrupted in some way.

I feel like with all the CC creep in this game, there needs to be some kind of better protection abilities. Zarya's bubble is of barely any use, too long recharge with how much stuff there is now, and she's actually one of the worst tanks to play against Sombra because she becomes a 200hp hero and is very dependent on using her skills to gain charge.

It's so sad that Reinhardt, an enormous armoured guy with a gigantic shield is rendered completely useless by the likes of Sombra, Doomfist and Brigitte. He cannot protect his team, he cannot protect himself, he just has a big "kick me" sign written on his back while the enemy team laughs.

I think Blizzard was *too* afraid of a new tank meta after adding Moira. Buffing Sombra, buffing Doomfist, buffing Reaper, buffing Mei, adding Brigitte. Right now, there is very little point in playing any tank except maybe Orisa, because with Fortify she is the only tank that isn't tossed around like a ragdoll and shut down with interrupts and knock backs. Right now I have no desire to play tank, or Overwatch to be honest.

Funnily enough, although Brigitte is meant to counter dive, the dive tanks (D.Va and Winston) are actually still better choices because of their mobility and ease of closing gaps or escaping. It's the likes of Reinhardt, Zarya and Roadhog who will have it even harder, and they already were out of the meta.
        Yeah. I agree. She's actually a better counter to those she wasn't meant to counter in the first place.

We're meant to do something in a game. We're meant to control, to move, to shoot, to... well, do stuff. Overwatch is moving to a meta where control is taken away from a player, and what's the point of playing a game if you can't actually do anything in it?
Maximum cringe combo  
Hooked, flashbanged, bashed, slept, teabagged, charged into an ice wall right before charge ends (or Mei-be right after it starts)  
Also could add a little cherry on a top - earthshatter before charge!
Every time that shit happens I feel like [One More Dude.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PUl9l2P540)
Until that sombra hack your ass
    If she's hacking and shooting me, she isn't attacking my support. If she's hacking me and shooting my support, my support still has abilities to help defend themselves and me while I try to bodyblock. If they hack and shoot my support, they get punched. 

EZPZ
        Lol, point though is to kill you, either the genji or another flanker. A good doomfist is such a pain in the ass that I had to go sombra that game just to keep him in place. He changes hero later
            Hog or McCree will also fuck a Doomfist's day up
        Well DF isn't the most accesible hero for all players, at least Brigitte can be played by anyone to a considerable level of competence. I wouldn't trust all the DF in my team that I've had along my playing experience.
        You are the DPS that us support mains dream of
        Where do you find these supports that help instead of just leave you to die?
> It’s like swatting a mosquito with a baseball bat.

Finally, someone put it into words.
The stun box was reduced in the PTR, it's not as easy anymore, but not that difficult either 
    The cone wasn't the problem, the cooldown is.
        Here's an idea, when she uses her bash she becomes unable to raise her shield for a couple of seconds. This way a Brigitte needs to actually think a bit about using bash as doing so leaves her vulnerable and bad bashes can now be punished.
        I mean, I agree that the cooldown needs to be longer, but the hitbox was kind of ridiculous. I'm glad they toned it down, but we still need the cooldown to be longer. 
[deleted]
    That sounds like one of the best alterations I've heard yet. Have the bash cost a chunk of shield health so that if she does miss a charge you can focus her down and break her shield and punish her at least a little bit, atm you're right most flankers can do fuck all against the shield before she can reach and punish them: 
I think it's because 1) the cooldown is super short, as mentioned, and 2) she keeps the shield up during and after the bash.

Besides the obvious cooldown increase, what if she was maybe exposed for a second while using or immediately after using the bash? So for example maybe instead of just thrusting the shield forward and keeping it up the whole time, she did so by swinging her arm to the side, briefly leaving her open to damage/cc. That way you could actually bait it out and punish it, similarly to how you can with flashbang, hook, charge, etc.
Oops missed my bash. I will have it again before the enemy has any of his abilities again.

Balanced.
She can definitely not 1v1 anyone in the game. Melee characters have to be VERY powerful in a game like this since 90% of combat is at range. Half the game melee characters like Brig just stand there and offer nothing to the team. No poke, no damage, barely any healing, no nothing. To offset those moments of uselessness, they need to make the character HURT when she finally gets into range.

There is a reason why they said they didn't want to do melee-only characters early in development.
    Brigitte literally tells you how to counter her when she kills you. "You might want to keep your distance."

A Tracer within stun range of Burrito is toast. A Tracer staying 10m+ away and kiting her can fight to a stalemate *at worst*, and win an extended engagement.
        A tracer within stun range deserves to get bashed lol I don't understand why people can't just fight her at a distance like they do Rein.
Let me preface this by saying that I am in no way trying to make any sort of comment on your personal skill.

---

What you have described is Brigitte in low-tier/quickplay.

A Brigitte that tries to be "aggressive as fuck"  tends to be killed *very quickly* by coordinated teams or individuals who know how to counter her.

Her shield is relatively tiny and weak, not even fully covering her feet from the front.

A missed stun either means you fail to protect the teammate being dived on, or you're now in the thick of the enemy team without your stun.

Might an additional second or two to some of her abilities be a reasonable nerf? Possibly, but we haven't even seen how she will perform in competitive play. You know, with people actually *trying* to counter her?

If anyone hates playing against Brigitte, they should try playing as her for a few games; They'll very quickly learn what heroes and tactics absolutely wreck her.
    How can you call a playstyle low-tier and counterable with coordination and then also ask for us to wait to see how she does in said situation? 
        I said low-tier/quickplay because for hero effectiveness and general level of coordination and accuracy they are functionally identical. You are technically correct in stating that we have yet to see her performance in any type of competitive play.

I'm saying to wait on significant nerfs to her until we actually see how she performs at a range of usage. I've watched/played enough of Brigitte on PTR and quickplay to see how thoroughly she can be shut down by certain heroes and by coordination. If she was absolutely dominating every quickplay game she was in and no team without her could win, then a nerf even before hitting competitive could be applied. The thing is, *she isn't doing that at all*. Players who prefer certain heroes or certain tactics are having a very hard time because her concept counters them, but we've had meta shifts in the past due to new heroes or changes to existing heroes.

This being said, I would love to have a long list of possible nerfs ready for Brigitte, so that we can have as many possible vectors to approach it from. Lots of people enjoy her concept, and none of her numbers are particularly strong compared to existing heroes. Mediocre DPS and HPS, even though her burst heal on other targets is decent (150hp, but 6sec cooldown means 25hp/s maximum). Lucio's Amp It Up gives more points per second than Brigitte's Inspire and Rally combined, even if the armor can occasionally give more value.
    Well said. And brit doesn't have high dps. Her healing is also slow. If she tries to play like a tank she just dies.

People who think brit is op are really not understanding the game imo. In my games, brit is always better in the passive. As the chinese say it, "attacking second so you come out first" Only in the occasional advantage would you rush the enemy. 
Wasnt Lucio nerfed like 500 years ago because of his ability to reliably 1v1 nearly every character in the roster at the time? I know Brigittes spamability was on Geoff Goodmans list of "Things to watch out for" so we know that at least they are aware shes walking a very thin line.
It should also stun when initially locking on. I feel these changes will bring Symmetra in line with other heroes. 
    No, it should begin a gradually increasing slow with the result of a full beam being a stun, to give it that nice "impending doom" feeling.
        Let's even change it from a beam. Maybe make it some sort of icy weapon? Like it gradually freezes them in place. I just feel like this makes more sense from an immersion standpoint.
            That's a great idea, as a bonus, we should allow Symmetra to build a wall for area denial/blocking escape routes, but make it a sort of "ice wall" to match the new theme.
                Hell, we could even change her ult to make it like /u/Jim_Harbaughs_Jeans's 'icy weapon', but omnidirectional and with a wide radius.
                    This idea might be a little out there, but on top of all of that and fitting in with this ice theme I'm thinking we should maybe let Symmetra freeze herself in a block of ice to self-heal. As it is now, if she gets dived on, she has nothing to get out of her situation. Letting her heal in that block while being immune to damage would help her out massively. 
                        I think it should also stun everyone around her when she goes in and comes out. We can't forget about the stun.
                            And she's to skinny I think she needs to be  ㄒ卄丨匚匚 to withstand the cold of her redesigned abilities
            And her barrier is too mobile. They should make it stationary. But maybe make it so people can't move through it, to trap them in with her turrets.
        Hell, let the beam heals Symm too
Let hanzo keep the scatter but each shard is a stackable stun instead of damage.
DELETE THIS
[deleted]
    While DF is cancer to play against you can’t deny that he is one of the most skillful heroes in the game
        That never stopped people from complaining 
So you subject yourself to unfun torture? Yeah okay.
I remember the beta Warlock.  No CD on fear = feared til death.
Mei you stop moving. Fear is you moving uncontrollably, but at least moving. 
In *Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda*, there was a great weapon used by an alien ship. They'd fire something called "mass packets", essentially super-heavy chunks of matter that stuck to a ship. The target being more massive means that its engines can't quite make it move as fast, and the alien ship could move in for the kill and roast it with plasma flamethrowers. It might be cool to see a character that can do something like that.
So sombras hack? Also it can't be instant it will completely make tracer useless
I think it works in Mobas. Time to kill is a lot longer, and it doesn't make it much easier to click on someone who's stunned. You also have time to look around and plan on your next actions while stunned in mobas, but you don't really have enough FOV in Overwatch to do that effectively.
With Rein, while charge does stun, it can be really hard to hit/easy to dodge, he can't do anything vut go forward while using it, and half the characters can stun him out of it. Shatter is an ult, get over it. It is easy to avoid and the scenarios where it is most useful are pretty rare
    Don’t get me wrong, Rein is in an awful place as compared to the other tanks, and as a Rein main, I wish he was nearly as viable as Orisa, but yeah, the inconsistency of his charge/shatter are two major problems with him. 
I think some CC is basically required in a game that allows heroes like Tracer and Genji to exist.  Good players would be nigh unstoppable with them if there was no CC to help secure an elim. And the roster was rebalanced to eliminate the need for CC, it would be a very different game, probably something more like TF2.
Ah so we should remove death from the game.
    Isn't that Mercy's entire purpose?
This needs to be a lot higher. I've been reading so many complaints about Brigitte in the forums and on Reddit, but nothing really from the streamers. IIRC, Jayne didn't think she would have much, if any, effect on the meta. Just because she seems OP in QP or Arcade does not necessarily mean she'll be OP in Competitive play. 

>OW is in good part moba. There are genres where stuns are not a thing, but obviously it's a valid mechanic at a base level in OW.

Exactly. If a game is focused around unique abilities that provide a particular advantage which is key to winning, avoiding the enemy's abilities becomes a central part of the game. Stunning, amongst other things (e.g., positioning), is one way to avoid certain abilities. 
    I love CC in games, especially a shooter like this. Otherwise we would just all be playing CoD or CSGO, oh wait, they have CC too, flash and stun nades, etc.    
   
I love how this game has MOBA elements, that's why I've played it since it released. And I won't apologize for my Brig defending.
        > I love how this game has MOBA elements, that's why I've played it since it released. And I won't apologize for my Brig defending.

100%. The MOBA elements force you to outsmart your opponent instead of relying strictly on aiming, I think Blizz has done a great job 
            Sure. After I commented here, I looked through many more comments and found a lot of complaints about "not being able to control my character". Good, y'all getting a taste of PvP that transcends point and click.
    
>>OW is in good part moba.
>
>Exactly.

It has **aspects** of a moba. First and foremost it's an FPS. So balance it like an FPS not a moba. Cc creep is real.
As long as dashes/blinks are also removed ;)
I can't say how much I appreciate this. Mobility heroes are good and interesting and push the limits of what can be done with this game, but they need to be countered or the game's balance will tilt in a pretty stale way. The point of overwatch is to switch; if you keep getting killed by brigitte as tracer, maybe you should be doing what the rest of us have been doing since launch; hitting that H button on death.
> Jesus, why is this the prevailing attitude in this thread. Every character is based around denying the other player’s fun. Killing people makes them unable to play for 10 seconds or so. Let’s remove dying.

This is a dumb argument.  There has to be some consequence in the game, otherwise it becomes boring god mode.  The problem with CC's like stun etc is that it forces you to sit there an watch your now inevitable death.  And there are plenty of situations where you had no way to avoid it.  This is what's not fun.  A regular death is 10-ish seconds out of the game.  A CC means typically it's 12-16 seconds out of the game, plus the frustration of something happening that you may not have had control over.  And that doesn't even take into account if there's multiple stun characters all hitting you one after the other...

I think this problem has gotten worse because every character that's been released since launch has had some sort of super annoying CC.  The amount of CC has increased dramatically without introducing much, if any, counter CC.  So in a game where countering is everything, some characters have no ability to counter CC other than "dont get hit by it idiot".  Add to this Blizzard's penchant for making this game no-aim/no skill friendly.  If it required a bit more effort to stun a character, then I doubt it would be an issue.

I play tanks primarily, and CC is just as annoying for tanks as it is for everyone else...It's not a matter of "Hey we have loads of mobility in this game so we need CC." Everyone gets affected by this, not just the mobility heroes.
Are we all forgetting about Mei? Her kit is focused around CC.
    I definitely was. Not sure why though... she wasn't even on my radar when I was typing it.

I'd still consider her CC interesting since it builds (and how it interacts with her ult). 

It's very strange how Blizzard treats her though. They are super cautious about buffing her and hyper-aware that she may become annoying. But they're fine with the half of the new characters having an immediate stun that is considerably more useful and even more annoying.
        [deleted]
            Every game that adds content like OW suffers this, because pre-release they spend ages balancing every hero around one another, but when you release extra content you only really balance the new heroes against the old ones, not the other way around. So either the new hero sucks or they're OP, because companies don't want to rework 3 or 4 heroes to be effective counters every time they release a new hero
        I remember when Brig was new and I tried to ambush ult her team as Reaper.

One shield bash and I was instantly melted. 
            A friend I play with frequently has given up on heroes with channeled ults completely.

Between Brig, McCree, and Mei, I don't think he was able to get off a Roadhog ult in a good 4 or 5 games straight. 

        The thing I hate most about Mei is that once the freezing starts it's a long but sure slippery slope to death (healer main btw) I feel like even boop can't save me because she catches up faster than you thaw, and THEN when my DPS friends come to kill her she just ice-blocks, then walls, so that's ANOTHER 5-8 seconds you have to waste on her. The entire kit is frustration, it's not like getting flashed and killed in a second
I think trap is a 'root' in the parlance I've heard for defining types of cc before (I suppose it's basically the opposite of forced movement type cc) 

So is graviton I think? 
    Root is correct, but Graviton and Halt are pulls with a root.
This is why all the complains about Brigitte feels so fake.

When people realize that some popular characters have stun as well, characters that have fan-armor,  then those are "interesting" stuns.

edit

Its always like this.
 
Blame the new heroes, and defend the old, no matter what.
    The difference is that most of the oldschool stuns have some sort of heavy disadvantage that keeps them in check. McCree has absolutely no survivability so the stun is his last resort; Mei's stun is slow and easy to avoid for the majority of the cast; Roadhog hook is technically a stun but it revolves around skill on both sides; Ana's sleep dart is incredibly tricky to land and much like McCree is on an otherwise defenseless hero; Reinhardt's charge is usually a suicide button while his ultimate is avoidable and counterable by shields; the list goes on.

Brigitte bypasses the usual restrictions by being tanky, having no penalty for missing her stun, and having her stun be almost instant. As such, it's just not fun to fight against since there is no real outplay potential.
        Taking this again since im being spammed with downvotes:
> having no penalty for missing her stun, and having her stun be almost instant.

This is also most  of them, and if Brig misses she is  in trouble. Unlike the others that has higher damage and ways of fleeing. And Ana is a long distance hero. Not Brigitte. Brig has to be up front.


I can not understand how in any way these facts are controversial. Is it that important to blame the new heroes for everything, and always defend the old ones no matter what?

edit

The mob is now are now calling people "retarded" for not falling in line. Toxic shit. 
    Nah brig can click every 5 seconds and stun with no downsides. No other character can do it that often without the player needing to do anything. I realize you like playing brig, but she’s overpowered. Stop lying to yourself and us.
And it cannot be stopped. McCree's and Ana's can be stopped by shields. As far as I know only Zaria's bubble or Orisa's halt stops the dang thing. 
It doesn't even do the dual knockdown like Doomfist or Reinheart when they hit another charging person. Bridgette can just stand in front of Doomfist and stun him out of a charging punch. 
    That's the thing that annoys me most about Shield Bash. It should not be able to stop Rocket Punch or Charge. 
        I'd be happy if it did the dual knockdown thing like when two Reinhearts collide. Right now there are few if any reasons for her not to pop off the stun if someone is in range. 
But Ana’s sleep dart is also one of the weakest parts of her kit. It’s her only form of protection, but it is not only hard to hit on flankers, but also easily blocked by dive characters. It’s good on paper, but not in practice. It’s probably one of the most unreliable abilities in the game.

Im not arguing for or against CC, I’m just saying Ana’s is a bad example because it’s useless 80% of the time unless you’re facing clueless enemies. Ana’s CC is too situational, and Brigitte’s is too practical. I think a better example of good CC is Orisa’s halt. It’s useful, practical, but not oppressive. It’s a middle ground for CC, I’d say. 
Crowd control 
    To major Tom
i never said it was a stun

CC means crowd control, meaning any kind of ability that disrupts the enemy by its ability alone. 
I remember when I found out that stuns cancel Moira's ult. I was less than pleased.
    As a Moira player, I agree.

As someone who also enjoys Sombra, I feast on Moira players' tears.
[deleted]
It's still considered a game? I thought it was virtual dress up dolls with a few extra steps.
Add disables like the did with Zerya's grav. It disables all movement abilites but allows everything else. That kind of debuff only affects mobile heroes really.
All of them but Scout suffer from self-inflicted and falling damage, which means their mobility makes them an easier pick. Demo, for example, loses about half of his health per jump. Soldier is the most resistant and has a secondary that makes self-damage negligible, but he has to choose between rocket jumping and firing at his enemies, because his rocket launchers can hold only 3-5 rockets and are slow to reload.
They also made medic run at his heal target's speed at some point, so he shares mobility. The only people not mobile are the sniper who doesn't need it, the spy who instead uses invisibility and the heavy who has weapons and strategies to help with it. 
    The Medic has to use a specific healgun variant to keep up with Scout, and it has a weaker Ubercharge to compensate.
Even worse for Moira's ult is if you react to Brigitte's cooldown of her stun, given human reaction, she will still stun you half of the way into your 8 sec duration ult.
If there's a McCree and Brigitte on the red team, just don't bother trying to ult as Pharah unless they're both dead. You'll insta-die and lose your ult. 
    And then you probably still need to worry about Roadhog hooks or D.va eating your rockets...

It's a hard knock life for any channeled ult right now. Part of why I've been playing more and more Sombra.
A channeled ult would be one like Pharahs rockets right? I've been finding that harder and harder to use and Im only at low levels, just below silver. If bronze players can usually stop it easily I can only imagine what high level players can do. 
    They wreck you. As soon as you kill someone and they see you have ult in the kill feed you're their number one target. ;c
It doesn't only apply Brigitte. There's Doomfist, Rein charge, Sombra hack, McCree stun, Road hook, and Ana dart.
Not to mention all the ability interrupters like Lucio boop, Pharah boop, Junk boop, Orisa pull, and at time Mei wall.

Edit: Also some heroes are prone to an instant Ult loss, like Mei, Road, Lucio, etc. So if the enemy team has one even one flanker with a stun they can just target them when they show signs of ulting and it's gone.
Doom is absolutely gigantic and has a relatively high skill floor compared to Brigitte. Half the time you have to use his abilities to escape too. Seems like you have some dislike of Doom?
    True. Getting killed by a cheesy doom fist doesn’t feel as bad as getting maced to the face with Brigitte. I hate her. 
        She's the worst. If she goes into comp. as she is right now I'm going to hate it.

With Doom it feels like you have a chance, against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.
            >  against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.

It feels almost impossible to win a fight against Brig. She knocks you around on ridiculously small cooldown abilities and self-heals with her unlimited ammo melee attack that can't miss.
                While I disagree with the extreme-ness of saying that it’s almost impossible to kill her, I think you articulated why she is annoying and should be nerfed as well as anyone I’ve seen explain her lol 
                    Thanks. Her 1v1 ability really highlights the problems. 

A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is absurd.
            Stay away from her. Just keep at least 10m of distance and you should be fine. Play junk pharah sombra mccree or reaper and just shoot her barrier. She will be pretty useless against it. Don‘t get near her as long as you didn‘t break her shield. Focusing her from 2 angles is really good too. Just dont dive her solo with tracer or genji and you should be rather fine. I play and played a lot of brigitte cause i like her so much. But i can already feel a lot of people are getting onto playing against a brigitte. I honestly think she is not THAT strong. Keep distance my dudes ;)

Edit: some words. 
                Basically everything you said is a recipe for a stale meta. Brigitte+Mercy as healers means it's risky for the enemy to dive (Brigitte) but you also have a really hard time getting picks (Brigitte heal+armor, Mercy heal+res). Gonna be a lot of Junkrat spam and sitting behind shields.
                Just never leave spawn loooool
Same with uppercut and seismic. Rocket punch is DF's only stun as it will interrupt channeled abilities.
I'm talking about CC, not heroes having a loaded kit.  I don't particularly enjoy stuff like Roadhog hook, Mei freezing, Brigitte stun, Doomfist "stun"-ish abilities.
    Those stun abilities were brought into the game to counter high mobility characters. Dive *needs* some counter strategy and this is pretty obviously how they build it up.
So. Much. This. I understand all the Tracer/Genji mains complaining about Bridgette’s stun. The rest of us, especially healer mains, have had to deal with constant bullying with barely any counter play from these heroes for how long now? How unfortunate that you can no longer sit in the back line and oppress the shit out of the squishies with no drawback.
    Preach. I find Brig's bash as annoying as the next gal, but honestly annoying Tracers and Genjis and Bliz's never-ending urge to lick their asses is infinitely more annoying and has been for two years vs the month or two Brig's been out. 
A healer SHOULD NOT be able to take on a tank 1v1. that shit isn't right and it's my biggest gripe with Brigitte. 
> 1v1 against Brigitte as Roadhog is incredibly frustrating 

This sentence alone should raise eyebrows. Hog is a **tank** with 900 effective hp, minimum. He has a shotgun and chain hook.

A healer can currently beat him in a fight, easily.

That's fucking broken beyond all belief. The goddamn bruiser tank can't fight this healer.
I can understand the frustration of having to deal with Brigittes in FFA.

But for a little but of math versus Roadhog...

Rocket Flail is 35 dmg, with a swing rate of one every 0.6 sec, coming out to 58.3 dps.

Whip Shot is 70 dmg, with a cooldown of 4 sec, coming out to 17.5 dps if we ignore travel time.

Shield Bash is 50 dmg, with a cooldown of 5 sec, coming to 10 dps when again ignoring travel time.

If we completely ignore that Brigitte can't be doing one of these while she's doing another, these add up to 85.8 dps.

At 85.8 dps, it takes 6.99 sec to kill a 600 hp Roadhog.

If you are trying to actually save the Shield Bash to interrupt his heal, this drops.

If you are trying to block his hook or any of his shots, this drops.

If he manages to get off a full heal, he has extended his life by 3.45 sec or more, and might be able to get off a second heal because of that.

---

Honestly, Brigitte's Repair Pack ability is a million times worse for Roadhogs because of her ability to save people when they do get hooked. It means your combo has to be perfect, and even then might not kill the target if the pack arrives and gives armor in time.
Brigitte wont have enough damage to kill a Roadhog unless you all have the time do that 1v1, which rarely happens because this is a team game.

She needs to be close to be able to do anything and Roadhog shreds anyone close range.
I think it's more that they can out heal damage in bursts, or have to be taking another action. Brigitte self heals by being aggressive which is perceived as more effective because she hurts the other player as well. Lucio might be able to out heal with amp in a fight but only for a short time, moria is the only one that benefits from being aggressive like brigitte
    Also Lucio doesn't have periods of not taking damage while healing himself. Brigitte can put up a 600 hp buffer shield while healing, and stun you while still healing. Lucio can be killed semi easily while in healing mode, whereas Brigitte requires a bit more of a focused effort to bring her down.
> It's the same story with Birgitte: counter her, or die.

Maybe that's the struggle people are having with her. While some DPS excelled at killing supports in general, some of the most popular choices for it typically don't excel at killing Brig. Hell, she can't even heal her team unless there's a warm body for her to beat on, otherwise it's a CD based single target heal. 
> So is trying to fight Birgitte 1v1 with Roadhog or some of the DPS roster.

>It's the same story with Birgitte: counter her, or die.

If a healer can't be countered by Roadhog, then there is a massive fucking problem, dude.

    Why should one tank hero be able to counter every hero in a category?
        Because it's not just "a category." It's specifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer.
            > cifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer

Why? I'm not trying to argue with you here, just trying to understand your thought process.
                A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is quite possibly the most ridiculous thing I can imagine in the game.

If you aren't able to understand that, I honestly don't know how to explain it further.
                    How do you account for hybrids here? Lucio's _primary_ purpose has always been about speed aura, with the healing as a secondary bonus. Zenyatta's healing is mediocre at best, and his _primary_ purpose is Discord Orb (he also murders Roadhog from a distance). These two are DPS + healer hybrids.

Birgitte is a tank + healer _hybrid_, meaning she fulfills aspects of both roles. As you said, this literally means creating space while also providing support. 

If you want to stick your head in the sand and complain that Birgitte _just isn't fair_ instead of adapting and finding ways to deal with her, that's kind of on you. Her DPS sucks and is easily among the lowest in the game. It takes her more than 15-20 seconds to deal with Roadhog, who could instead back away and find a better target. Or you could actually break her shield (which is stupidly easy for Roadhog) and totally deprive her of her core tools.

Or you could, you know, either swap to or encourage your team to play a counter to her.
> You shouldn't BE playing winston into a team with high CC

Fair criticism. Like I said on another reply we thought it would be possible (last point) and they changed to brigitte last minute.
Fair enough we really though it would be possible.

I'm gold btw
True, but she still fits in the annoying-to-play-against category with her insane healing, damage and survivability. The only original hero which annoys me is Junkrat, the rest are ones which were added after release.
    I hate the rat too haha. So, so, so much...
But it feels like everybody counters Rein's shield they add in. Not exclusive to her
I feel like at this point if someone played TF2 they have over 2000 hours on it. 
    TF2 is one of those hit or miss games. Either you don't like it or you become completely obsessed with it. 
        tbh, the only reason I like overwatch is that it captured the TF2 feel.

And TF2 lost that feel by spamming us with ugly-ass hats.
Yeah otherwise he’s just kinda average DPS with not much cool about him. His stun punishes you heavily for getting too close to him
Truth. Being able to *flick* your Punch to an enemy's trajectory is how you get kills with it. Tracking is very important too, because his little knuckle shotgun is key to finishing off weakened enemies.
Still happening. People just use different types of CC one after the other. In many arena matches I might as well just get up and take a shit when I'm getting chain cc over and over.
F
>any new characters needing to be balanced to the meta,

This seems off to me.  The meta is a twelve-year-old teenybopper.  Its tastes are fickle and can change after one landmark OWL game.

Heroes should be balanced against each other, not against their performance in the current competitive environment.  There *should* be weak heroes in any given meta---otherwise, counters don't exist, and they should.
    This is faulty logic. You don't need weak characters to have counters. Look at Dota 2. 110 of the ~115 heroes are viable in the professional meta. In OW, we have must picks like D.Va and Tracer and never-picks like Symmetra. No reason for this kind of imbalance.
        You don't need weak characters to have counters, but if you *have* counters, and the meta is stable, then some characters will be weak *in that meta*, while still being perfectly balanced.  Thus, it's a bad idea to put too much weight on "How are they doing in the current meta?" when balancing a hero.
        Most heroes are viable in dota, but half of them are only viable in very specific situations. 

Also there are plenty of "weak" hero's in Dota currently that are balanced in the way he is describing. Pushing is the current meta in Dota making any hero with a weak early game near unplayable. 

However if the meta shifts those hero's go from weak to strong with no change in there stats or abilities. This is often seen in Dota as a hero can go from being shit to OP over the course of a patch with no actual changes to the hero.
It's one of those situations where the individual hero **will** be balanced, but once you can fill a team, despite having a sensible composition, with CC-centric heroes because so many are available, the overall game balance breaks.

The same happened in Heroes of the Storm with hyper-mobile and range-enhanced heroes. They are balanced individually, but there's so many now that the overall game balance tanked and older heroes feel quite outdated.
It's too late for this now, but I kind of wish tanks in general were designed around being low damage with good CC (not necessarily stuns, but roots, slows, silences, damage reduction debuffs, etc). Imagine if Roadhog had a hook + slow combo instead of a hook + oneshot combo. He becomes very strong at setting up kills for his teammates instead of himself, which I think is a dynamic that Overwatch could use more of.
    So what I'm getting from this is you think too many people play tanks right now.
Flashbang does 10 damage iirc. left click Headshot does 140. Tracer has 150hp.
    Flashbang does 25*
Thats one thing that I like about their hero rate of release.

Look at most mobas and they release a new hero every 3 weeks to a month.

OW we get a four hero's a year.

Much slower power creep, much better balance. etc.
    Better balance? Lol. The game was more balanced at launch than it is now.
[deleted]
    The new map encouraged a mid lane deathball meta, so whoever won the first team fight just steamrolled down mid while the other team had very staggered respawn due to the increasing death timers.
        [deleted]
            Not at all.
                [deleted]
                    Grim was such a great concept, along with Iggy, Muriel, Zynx and a bunch of others, but the devs were fucking clueless when it came to moba balancing.
I'm not a MOBA player - aren't you locked into a single hero for the whole match? I like to think that Overwatch encourages a bit more hero diversity since you can change as the situation requires
Dota has 117 heroes but almost all of them are played at each major event. This is because the devs prioritize game balance over just about everything. If you gave icefrog 2 weeks with overwatch he could probably have it balanced better than Blizzard has managed to balance it in 2 years. However all the QPers and bronze players would cry that the heroes actually have a skill floor and things like mindless wall riding lucio wouldn't exist. 
    World of warcraft has been released in 2004 and blizzard hasn't done yet finished to balance and nerf its classes.
        balancing is a never ending process, you gotta be dumb to think a game can achieve perfect balance
            I can balance overwatch. Remove every hero other than soldier 76.  There. Balanced. Perfectly.  :P

Perfect balance only happens when all players are identical.
    > Dota has 117 heroes but almost all of them are played at each major event.

O RLY?

https://www.dotabuff.com/procircuit/hero-meta?start_time=month&end_time=now&region=all&min_designation=minors&max_designation=majors&view=overview
        That's still 104 out of 116 heroes that are available in captain's mode picked at least once
        Only 12 heroes weren't picked, and that's only at the pro level. All of those 12 heroes are viable at every MMR in pubs. Hell I have a 65%+ win rate on Necro and Bristleback with 200+ games played on each of them. 
            Yeah thats only for the last 30 days. If you set it to patch 7.08 its only Clinkz Riki, Necro and WR that havent been played. Necro is the only one that surprised me on that list but I kind of suck at Dota (even though Ive played it since WC3 days) so what do I know. 
        Look how almost all of them have at least 1 match played.

Some have their niches but at least they're getting some use.
            Well... if you're using that as your metric for balance that implies that Overwatch is doing just fine in the balance department. DotA has 104 of 116 characters in use. That's about 90% of the characters, which is pretty good. 

This season of OWL has shown us all characters in use at some point except for Symmetra. That's something like 25/26 characters (96%) in use for at least one point in one map. Sure, they have their niches, but they're still getting used, right? 
[deleted]
    > an original idea

Ok but which part of Overwatch is original? OWL aside, the game itself uses no real "new" ideas, just a new combination of character abilities.
        Overwatch isn't original. Project Titan WAS, but they scrapped it and turned what they made into Overwatch. The original vision was very ahead of it's time. 
            I know some of Titan, but what made it ahead of its time? Genuinely curious
                They were trying to make it the first major FPS looter with crafting and other MMO elements. The rumor is a lot of it was scrapped when Destiny was shown off. 

I somewhat wish we still got Titan 
                    So Titan was just Borderlands with crafting? 
                        MMO Borderlands with crafting. Masively Multiplayer with a huge world.
        Yeah I really don't get this either. Blizzard's development strategy has always been to take a popular idea and refine it to the extreme, for better or for worse.
            And while they do generally refine it pretty well EVENTUALLY (*cough* Diablo3 and Starcraft2 *cough*), it seems like a lot of time they have a game idea but not a game lifetime idea. They STILL haven't made up their minds about Overwatch being casual or competitive (one-tricking may or may not be bannable, so meta picks may or may not be mandatory)
They did change the cooldown reduction on mayhem for Anas sleepdart though, so Im sure theyre well aware of the problem.
I still can't believe how long it took to get her to a reasonable place.  The original mercy re-work is almost a year old.
I feel like judging Blizzard by a different team that made mistakes seven years ago is a bit harsh.

I think Overwatch has it's own problems but typically heroes released aren't terribly OP, and have a lot of interesting mechanics that aren't just hard disables (sleep, hacking, doomfists push, etc.)
    > I feel like judging Blizzard by a different team that made mistakes seven years ago is a bit harsh.

Jeff Kaplan was the designer for Wrath of the Lich King, the expansion u/morphoray is citing. It is literally the last thing he worked on before switching to Project Titan (2009-2014), which became Overwatch. Most of the Overwatch dev team was recruited from inside Blizzard as well.
        Wotlk was a solid expansion for pvp; compared to the cluster that was Legion pvp. MoP 5,4 was probably the most balanced but Wotlk pvp was great.
            DKs getting glad in blues was balanced.
Ditto.

My last days of wow were spent mostly playing twinked chars in the 30-39 battlegrounds.

I had a 70 shadow priest that I had previously loved to PVP with at low levels...but the high level battlegrounds were just miserable.  Stun, Fear, Polymorph, Mind Control, Silence, Etc.  Even though I had the good fortune of being an undead priest, and thus having the old racial anti-CC ability, but it still felt like half of all encounters were decided by CC.

So instead I just had an awesome time in the 30-39 games (just felt like the best spot...no mounts yet, low-CC and nobody unlocked capstone abilities) for as long as I could before selling my account.

Abilities that cause others to lose control of their character are miserable to play against.  At least things like Sombra's Hack are "soft" CC in that you still have access to your primary attack (or junk's trap may halt your movement, but you can still use abilities and primary fire).  
People put too much value on balance. It's pretty important, but if you have a character roster of 30 where a third of them are so stupidly bad that you could never justify playing them and the others are fine, diverse, and also fun to play that's a pretty good spot to be in. 

Starcraft 2 has been, at various points in it's life cycle, one of the most balanced games you could ever hope to play. At it's most balanced point, where it managed to actually surpass the statistical balance of *chess*, was where it actually was in one of it's worst spots in terms of actual gameplay enjoyment. Basically nobody wants that game to go back to the era of Infestor/Broodlord, despite the fact that statistical balance was sitting pretty at 50% across all match ups. 
Ugh, flashbacks to Rogue/mage/priest and the introduction of diminishing returns.
    Played HARP rogue and SL/SL Warlock in 2v2 arenas to 2400 ELO in season 3... our entire strategy was to make it 2v1 by stun locking one target while DOTs ticked on both enemies. 

While I have good memories of that season, I would hate to see OW dominated by CC. 
    You forgot Druids.
        I'm repressing
Stop reading my thoughts dammit
Honestly it's kind of an oversight that there isn't someone who is really, really ridiculously good-looking on the male side. Though they're certainly trying to make up for it with stuff like Lifeguard McCree.
    The real truth here is that Blizzard's favoring the rough daddies and ignoring the twink side of the Boy Meta. Lifeguard McCree does work but imo the next hero needs to be a cute twunk with a bubblebutt and also maybe the butt absorbs stun damage idunno just spitballing here
        this is the gay agenda
    Reyes is really hot, but he's behind a mask in almost all his skins, so :(
Blizzard has been in the massively popular multiplayer game business for a long time. The biggest take away they've learned over a decade of WoW and Diablo patching?  No one likes getting nerfed.  It feels better as a player to have everyone else get buffed to match an overpowered ability or play style instead of killing off what makes it good. 

This gives the players a great feeling, but eventually causes skill bloat.  WoW occasionally pruined back skills and talents, Diablo 3 focused on giving seasonal players an easy to obtain gear set to drop characters along an intended set of skills. Heroes of the Storm  has such a large amount of single skilled characters that counterplay comes naturally.  

Blizzard is struggling to find that balance with overwatch.  Players get attached to the characters instead of the skills.  Look at this sub to see how many threads about Reinhardt needing buffs pop up. Hanzo will be the first to lose an ability that's being replaced with something entirely different.  (Sym's shields were turned into an ult, Mercy had rez turn into a normal skill). People aren't terribly it about the loss of scatter, it needed to go. Instead, the biggest concerns seem to be about how iconic it is from the short.  

Thanks!  The meta design of this game has fascinated me, you can clearly see the intention vs player optimization every time a new hero or map comes out.  

Emergent strategies like Hanzo floor scatters and Lucio rollouts can take a skill far beyond what it was ever intended for.  Glitches like Mercy slingshot get embraced while Genji's ledge dash gets removed.  The ebb and flow of the constant design dance is spectacular.
The reason people hated it was because it was incredibly cheap method of killing people. No hero should have an easy ability that can oneshot a tank. On top of that, scatter's potential to randomly kill unintended targets who were nowhere near where hanzo shot is just ridiculous. To sum up, scatter was an OP, luck-reliant ability that when utilized correctly was horrible to deal with, from both a balance and a gameplay perspective. Volley's (is that the name?) much better, because while it can still be used as a tank-buster, it's much more reliant on the player's ability to get shots off than scatter was.
    A sniper had the best close-range one-shot in the game
[deleted]
    https://www.invenglobal.com/articles/4865/interview-with-overwatch-dev-tim-ford-regarding-symmetra-turning-into-a-defense-hero-and-the-channel-system

> Scatter Arrow was designed to melt tanks in the first place. However, it didn’t feel great to be killed by it in the actual game. It felt like you don’t get why you died? There were times players couldn’t accept it.

> To go into details, we’ll be keeping the damage as it is; we are aiming to change it to some other form that the person hit can accept. It would be more advantageous for players with good aim, I guess? It will be changed so that even if you do get killed, you’d approve of your opponent’s good aim.
Isn't that how paragon went to shit? 
    It went to shit because Epic cash•cowed out for Fortnite, but who can blame them. The heroes and gameplay is not what did it, the community tried so hard and Epic just gave up.
PTR testing indicates that trying to do this is suicidal now.
    How significant is the reduction to the hitbox?
Hmm they might want to go with something a little less meme.

Maybe "deflect" or something.
Lol
That is literally one ult out of hundreds of abilities that serves as a counter though. In all other situations, it’s a massive improvement.
    I think it'd be a downgrade if anything. The 50% damage buff is ridiculous, arguably one of the strongest ultimates in the game if used well. Making it just prevent CC is a MASSIVE downgrade.
        It should do both. Its already not too overpowered.
I flex Zarya a lot and I can never tell when it pops.
    When you reach ~~50~~ 40 energy from 1 bubble, it probably popped.

EDIT: My brain is in the past.
        You can only get 40 charge per bubble since the nerf, but typically when you max out like that the bubble breaks or is very close to breaking. 
            Yeah I literally noticed it in a game after I sent this comment, mb
                I miss the good 'ol days of Zarya too :(
        it's been a very VERY long time since you could get 50 energy off of a single bubble. they nerfed that ages ago.
    [deleted]
        I mean I generally have an idea, as I pay a lot of attention to my charge and my teammates' positions, but I've never noticed a clear visual indicator nor have I played attention to that audio cue.

But thanks for the TIL!
So this is why the enemy Zarya is always at full charge.
    If you think you can kill zarya then you're supposed to break it. Otherwise don't
        You can't use the charge if you're dead.
    Bad players shoot the Zarya bubble.

Good players don't shoot the Zarya bubble.

Great players know *when* to shoot the Zarya bubble. 
        Yeah, if Zarya bubbles herself at low health you shoot the bubble. If she bubbles a teammate that's about to die, you *might* shoot the bubble unless Zarya's been wrecking your team because then you want to not give her charge more than you want to not let her teammate live. If she hasn't been performing well, let her have all the charge she can get and she won't hit much. Just be ready to counter a grav if you let it go on long enough.

There's a lot more to it than that, but I'm not a great player so that's as far as my knowledge goes.
            Aw I think you’re great 
            Also ok to shoot the bubbles when she's already full charge (a.k.a. glowing AF)
                [deleted]
    As an offtank main who loves playing Zarya, SHHHHHHH! don't tell them!
    Zarya is a strange hero because when I verse her my team doesn’t understand the whole don’t shoot her or if we pop the bubble we have to kill her now situation. She also comes in handy for hog hooks and reinhardt charges 
    that's exactly what I was thinking.
but you almost never wanna do that unless you are certain you can finish them off *and* the zarya is not gonna be maximum charge and coming for you, or it is the zarya and you can finish her off, of course.
    The tradeoff is quite simple, actually: positioning x damage.  
If you break her bubble, you probably catch her in a somewhat unplanned position, although at higher charge. You wait it out, she has time to reposition (ideally requiring more resources to kill her), but she'll be at a lower charge.

Sometimes her positioning makes it worth it, sometimes it doesn't. Just pay attention to where she is and where the extra seconds would allow her to be. She is slow, it's not hard to figure it out.
    Though if the Zarya is already maximum charge and coming for you...go to town I guess?
        Or run
            Running definitely helps, once I was playing a comp game and the Zarya was always full charge so I said to my teammates “let’s just wait in spawn for 15 seconds so her charge goes down” it helped
                [deleted]
                    Range for sure. My hardest Zarya games were with speedboost and discord/mercy damage boost.
        but if that is the case you should be nowhere near her :D
    >you almost never wanna do that unless you are certain you can finish them off and the zarya is not gonna be maximum charge and coming for you

Isn't one extra enemy + low charge Zarya stronger than max charge Zarya?
        Ehhh. 200 DPS with 400 hp is a force to be reckoned with. Plus the bombs
        Yes. And Zarya is easy to focus down if she doesn't have her bubble up too. Bubble or not, if you can focus a person easily, you should do it.
Fair enough.
That doesn't just seem "not OP," it sounds straight up weak. Immunitycharger would only help against, what, Grav and Blizzard? Earthshatter *IF* the Orisa herself wasn't caught in it? Maybe Primal Rage? Those are literally the only circumstances in the game that this ult would be reliably useful in. 

It would definitely need something more, though it's hard to say what. 
I could see supercharger working like this instead of its current form:

- orisa ults, placing down bongo as normal

- it has 15m range, as normal (number could be adjusted but w/e)

- everyone in 15m gets the supercharger aura

- super charger aura gives CC immunity and 40% damage reduction 

- after 4-5 seconds, CC immunity aura wears off but damage reduction aura persists

=

And another "alternately": it could also just be range based where allies within a short range like 5m get CC immunity. The buffs could also scale based on range from supercharger or based on how far they are from supercharger.

=

ATM I do like Orisa as a hero and the ult is potent but it still definitely feels out of place. 
Nano + Speed Boost + Fortify/Trample

I like this meta idea.
And then the Rein that tires to charge you gets slept, hooked, stunned bashed and then you try to charge him but then you get slept...
Happened to me as Zarya as well. I had a game where I couldn't use any of my abilities because I was *always* hacked, and then got frozen or punched in the air and quickly killed by Doomfist. I had my ultimate for about 3 minutes without being able to use it, every push I got fucked. When I finally used it and our Genji used his ultimate, Sombra just cancelled everything with her ult, which she had every fight anyway.

An entire game in which I basically couldn't use any of my abilities. I don't think any member of our team got an ultimate off, they either got hacked or interrupted in some way.

I feel like with all the CC creep in this game, there needs to be some kind of better protection abilities. Zarya's bubble is of barely any use, too long recharge with how much stuff there is now, and she's actually one of the worst tanks to play against Sombra because she becomes a 200hp hero and is very dependent on using her skills to gain charge.

It's so sad that Reinhardt, an enormous armoured guy with a gigantic shield is rendered completely useless by the likes of Sombra, Doomfist and Brigitte. He cannot protect his team, he cannot protect himself, he just has a big "kick me" sign written on his back while the enemy team laughs.

I think Blizzard was *too* afraid of a new tank meta after adding Moira. Buffing Sombra, buffing Doomfist, buffing Reaper, buffing Mei, adding Brigitte. Right now, there is very little point in playing any tank except maybe Orisa, because with Fortify she is the only tank that isn't tossed around like a ragdoll and shut down with interrupts and knock backs. Right now I have no desire to play tank, or Overwatch to be honest.

Funnily enough, although Brigitte is meant to counter dive, the dive tanks (D.Va and Winston) are actually still better choices because of their mobility and ease of closing gaps or escaping. It's the likes of Reinhardt, Zarya and Roadhog who will have it even harder, and they already were out of the meta.
    Yeah. I agree. She's actually a better counter to those she wasn't meant to counter in the first place.

We're meant to do something in a game. We're meant to control, to move, to shoot, to... well, do stuff. Overwatch is moving to a meta where control is taken away from a player, and what's the point of playing a game if you can't actually do anything in it?
If she's hacking and shooting me, she isn't attacking my support. If she's hacking me and shooting my support, my support still has abilities to help defend themselves and me while I try to bodyblock. If they hack and shoot my support, they get punched. 

EZPZ
    Lol, point though is to kill you, either the genji or another flanker. A good doomfist is such a pain in the ass that I had to go sombra that game just to keep him in place. He changes hero later
        Hog or McCree will also fuck a Doomfist's day up
    Well DF isn't the most accesible hero for all players, at least Brigitte can be played by anyone to a considerable level of competence. I wouldn't trust all the DF in my team that I've had along my playing experience.
    You are the DPS that us support mains dream of
    Where do you find these supports that help instead of just leave you to die?
The cone wasn't the problem, the cooldown is.
    Here's an idea, when she uses her bash she becomes unable to raise her shield for a couple of seconds. This way a Brigitte needs to actually think a bit about using bash as doing so leaves her vulnerable and bad bashes can now be punished.
    I mean, I agree that the cooldown needs to be longer, but the hitbox was kind of ridiculous. I'm glad they toned it down, but we still need the cooldown to be longer. 
That sounds like one of the best alterations I've heard yet. Have the bash cost a chunk of shield health so that if she does miss a charge you can focus her down and break her shield and punish her at least a little bit, atm you're right most flankers can do fuck all against the shield before she can reach and punish them: 
Brigitte literally tells you how to counter her when she kills you. "You might want to keep your distance."

A Tracer within stun range of Burrito is toast. A Tracer staying 10m+ away and kiting her can fight to a stalemate *at worst*, and win an extended engagement.
    A tracer within stun range deserves to get bashed lol I don't understand why people can't just fight her at a distance like they do Rein.
How can you call a playstyle low-tier and counterable with coordination and then also ask for us to wait to see how she does in said situation? 
    I said low-tier/quickplay because for hero effectiveness and general level of coordination and accuracy they are functionally identical. You are technically correct in stating that we have yet to see her performance in any type of competitive play.

I'm saying to wait on significant nerfs to her until we actually see how she performs at a range of usage. I've watched/played enough of Brigitte on PTR and quickplay to see how thoroughly she can be shut down by certain heroes and by coordination. If she was absolutely dominating every quickplay game she was in and no team without her could win, then a nerf even before hitting competitive could be applied. The thing is, *she isn't doing that at all*. Players who prefer certain heroes or certain tactics are having a very hard time because her concept counters them, but we've had meta shifts in the past due to new heroes or changes to existing heroes.

This being said, I would love to have a long list of possible nerfs ready for Brigitte, so that we can have as many possible vectors to approach it from. Lots of people enjoy her concept, and none of her numbers are particularly strong compared to existing heroes. Mediocre DPS and HPS, even though her burst heal on other targets is decent (150hp, but 6sec cooldown means 25hp/s maximum). Lucio's Amp It Up gives more points per second than Brigitte's Inspire and Rally combined, even if the armor can occasionally give more value.
Well said. And brit doesn't have high dps. Her healing is also slow. If she tries to play like a tank she just dies.

People who think brit is op are really not understanding the game imo. In my games, brit is always better in the passive. As the chinese say it, "attacking second so you come out first" Only in the occasional advantage would you rush the enemy. 
No, it should begin a gradually increasing slow with the result of a full beam being a stun, to give it that nice "impending doom" feeling.
    Let's even change it from a beam. Maybe make it some sort of icy weapon? Like it gradually freezes them in place. I just feel like this makes more sense from an immersion standpoint.
        That's a great idea, as a bonus, we should allow Symmetra to build a wall for area denial/blocking escape routes, but make it a sort of "ice wall" to match the new theme.
            Hell, we could even change her ult to make it like /u/Jim_Harbaughs_Jeans's 'icy weapon', but omnidirectional and with a wide radius.
                This idea might be a little out there, but on top of all of that and fitting in with this ice theme I'm thinking we should maybe let Symmetra freeze herself in a block of ice to self-heal. As it is now, if she gets dived on, she has nothing to get out of her situation. Letting her heal in that block while being immune to damage would help her out massively. 
                    I think it should also stun everyone around her when she goes in and comes out. We can't forget about the stun.
                        And she's to skinny I think she needs to be  ㄒ卄丨匚匚 to withstand the cold of her redesigned abilities
        And her barrier is too mobile. They should make it stationary. But maybe make it so people can't move through it, to trap them in with her turrets.
    Hell, let the beam heals Symm too
While DF is cancer to play against you can’t deny that he is one of the most skillful heroes in the game
    That never stopped people from complaining 
Don’t get me wrong, Rein is in an awful place as compared to the other tanks, and as a Rein main, I wish he was nearly as viable as Orisa, but yeah, the inconsistency of his charge/shatter are two major problems with him. 
Isn't that Mercy's entire purpose?
I love CC in games, especially a shooter like this. Otherwise we would just all be playing CoD or CSGO, oh wait, they have CC too, flash and stun nades, etc.    
   
I love how this game has MOBA elements, that's why I've played it since it released. And I won't apologize for my Brig defending.
    > I love how this game has MOBA elements, that's why I've played it since it released. And I won't apologize for my Brig defending.

100%. The MOBA elements force you to outsmart your opponent instead of relying strictly on aiming, I think Blizz has done a great job 
        Sure. After I commented here, I looked through many more comments and found a lot of complaints about "not being able to control my character". Good, y'all getting a taste of PvP that transcends point and click.

>>OW is in good part moba.
>
>Exactly.

It has **aspects** of a moba. First and foremost it's an FPS. So balance it like an FPS not a moba. Cc creep is real.
I definitely was. Not sure why though... she wasn't even on my radar when I was typing it.

I'd still consider her CC interesting since it builds (and how it interacts with her ult). 

It's very strange how Blizzard treats her though. They are super cautious about buffing her and hyper-aware that she may become annoying. But they're fine with the half of the new characters having an immediate stun that is considerably more useful and even more annoying.
    [deleted]
        Every game that adds content like OW suffers this, because pre-release they spend ages balancing every hero around one another, but when you release extra content you only really balance the new heroes against the old ones, not the other way around. So either the new hero sucks or they're OP, because companies don't want to rework 3 or 4 heroes to be effective counters every time they release a new hero
    I remember when Brig was new and I tried to ambush ult her team as Reaper.

One shield bash and I was instantly melted. 
        A friend I play with frequently has given up on heroes with channeled ults completely.

Between Brig, McCree, and Mei, I don't think he was able to get off a Roadhog ult in a good 4 or 5 games straight. 

    The thing I hate most about Mei is that once the freezing starts it's a long but sure slippery slope to death (healer main btw) I feel like even boop can't save me because she catches up faster than you thaw, and THEN when my DPS friends come to kill her she just ice-blocks, then walls, so that's ANOTHER 5-8 seconds you have to waste on her. The entire kit is frustration, it's not like getting flashed and killed in a second
Root is correct, but Graviton and Halt are pulls with a root.
The difference is that most of the oldschool stuns have some sort of heavy disadvantage that keeps them in check. McCree has absolutely no survivability so the stun is his last resort; Mei's stun is slow and easy to avoid for the majority of the cast; Roadhog hook is technically a stun but it revolves around skill on both sides; Ana's sleep dart is incredibly tricky to land and much like McCree is on an otherwise defenseless hero; Reinhardt's charge is usually a suicide button while his ultimate is avoidable and counterable by shields; the list goes on.

Brigitte bypasses the usual restrictions by being tanky, having no penalty for missing her stun, and having her stun be almost instant. As such, it's just not fun to fight against since there is no real outplay potential.
    Taking this again since im being spammed with downvotes:
> having no penalty for missing her stun, and having her stun be almost instant.

This is also most  of them, and if Brig misses she is  in trouble. Unlike the others that has higher damage and ways of fleeing. And Ana is a long distance hero. Not Brigitte. Brig has to be up front.


I can not understand how in any way these facts are controversial. Is it that important to blame the new heroes for everything, and always defend the old ones no matter what?

edit

The mob is now are now calling people "retarded" for not falling in line. Toxic shit. 
Nah brig can click every 5 seconds and stun with no downsides. No other character can do it that often without the player needing to do anything. I realize you like playing brig, but she’s overpowered. Stop lying to yourself and us.
That's the thing that annoys me most about Shield Bash. It should not be able to stop Rocket Punch or Charge. 
    I'd be happy if it did the dual knockdown thing like when two Reinhearts collide. Right now there are few if any reasons for her not to pop off the stun if someone is in range. 
To major Tom
As a Moira player, I agree.

As someone who also enjoys Sombra, I feast on Moira players' tears.
The Medic has to use a specific healgun variant to keep up with Scout, and it has a weaker Ubercharge to compensate.
And then you probably still need to worry about Roadhog hooks or D.va eating your rockets...

It's a hard knock life for any channeled ult right now. Part of why I've been playing more and more Sombra.
They wreck you. As soon as you kill someone and they see you have ult in the kill feed you're their number one target. ;c
True. Getting killed by a cheesy doom fist doesn’t feel as bad as getting maced to the face with Brigitte. I hate her. 
    She's the worst. If she goes into comp. as she is right now I'm going to hate it.

With Doom it feels like you have a chance, against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.
        >  against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.

It feels almost impossible to win a fight against Brig. She knocks you around on ridiculously small cooldown abilities and self-heals with her unlimited ammo melee attack that can't miss.
            While I disagree with the extreme-ness of saying that it’s almost impossible to kill her, I think you articulated why she is annoying and should be nerfed as well as anyone I’ve seen explain her lol 
                Thanks. Her 1v1 ability really highlights the problems. 

A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is absurd.
        Stay away from her. Just keep at least 10m of distance and you should be fine. Play junk pharah sombra mccree or reaper and just shoot her barrier. She will be pretty useless against it. Don‘t get near her as long as you didn‘t break her shield. Focusing her from 2 angles is really good too. Just dont dive her solo with tracer or genji and you should be rather fine. I play and played a lot of brigitte cause i like her so much. But i can already feel a lot of people are getting onto playing against a brigitte. I honestly think she is not THAT strong. Keep distance my dudes ;)

Edit: some words. 
            Basically everything you said is a recipe for a stale meta. Brigitte+Mercy as healers means it's risky for the enemy to dive (Brigitte) but you also have a really hard time getting picks (Brigitte heal+armor, Mercy heal+res). Gonna be a lot of Junkrat spam and sitting behind shields.
            Just never leave spawn loooool
Those stun abilities were brought into the game to counter high mobility characters. Dive *needs* some counter strategy and this is pretty obviously how they build it up.
Preach. I find Brig's bash as annoying as the next gal, but honestly annoying Tracers and Genjis and Bliz's never-ending urge to lick their asses is infinitely more annoying and has been for two years vs the month or two Brig's been out. 
Also Lucio doesn't have periods of not taking damage while healing himself. Brigitte can put up a 600 hp buffer shield while healing, and stun you while still healing. Lucio can be killed semi easily while in healing mode, whereas Brigitte requires a bit more of a focused effort to bring her down.
Why should one tank hero be able to counter every hero in a category?
    Because it's not just "a category." It's specifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer.
        > cifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer

Why? I'm not trying to argue with you here, just trying to understand your thought process.
            A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is quite possibly the most ridiculous thing I can imagine in the game.

If you aren't able to understand that, I honestly don't know how to explain it further.
                How do you account for hybrids here? Lucio's _primary_ purpose has always been about speed aura, with the healing as a secondary bonus. Zenyatta's healing is mediocre at best, and his _primary_ purpose is Discord Orb (he also murders Roadhog from a distance). These two are DPS + healer hybrids.

Birgitte is a tank + healer _hybrid_, meaning she fulfills aspects of both roles. As you said, this literally means creating space while also providing support. 

If you want to stick your head in the sand and complain that Birgitte _just isn't fair_ instead of adapting and finding ways to deal with her, that's kind of on you. Her DPS sucks and is easily among the lowest in the game. It takes her more than 15-20 seconds to deal with Roadhog, who could instead back away and find a better target. Or you could actually break her shield (which is stupidly easy for Roadhog) and totally deprive her of her core tools.

Or you could, you know, either swap to or encourage your team to play a counter to her.
I hate the rat too haha. So, so, so much...
TF2 is one of those hit or miss games. Either you don't like it or you become completely obsessed with it. 
    tbh, the only reason I like overwatch is that it captured the TF2 feel.

And TF2 lost that feel by spamming us with ugly-ass hats.
This is faulty logic. You don't need weak characters to have counters. Look at Dota 2. 110 of the ~115 heroes are viable in the professional meta. In OW, we have must picks like D.Va and Tracer and never-picks like Symmetra. No reason for this kind of imbalance.
    You don't need weak characters to have counters, but if you *have* counters, and the meta is stable, then some characters will be weak *in that meta*, while still being perfectly balanced.  Thus, it's a bad idea to put too much weight on "How are they doing in the current meta?" when balancing a hero.
    Most heroes are viable in dota, but half of them are only viable in very specific situations. 

Also there are plenty of "weak" hero's in Dota currently that are balanced in the way he is describing. Pushing is the current meta in Dota making any hero with a weak early game near unplayable. 

However if the meta shifts those hero's go from weak to strong with no change in there stats or abilities. This is often seen in Dota as a hero can go from being shit to OP over the course of a patch with no actual changes to the hero.
So what I'm getting from this is you think too many people play tanks right now.
Flashbang does 25*
Better balance? Lol. The game was more balanced at launch than it is now.
The new map encouraged a mid lane deathball meta, so whoever won the first team fight just steamrolled down mid while the other team had very staggered respawn due to the increasing death timers.
    [deleted]
        Not at all.
            [deleted]
                Grim was such a great concept, along with Iggy, Muriel, Zynx and a bunch of others, but the devs were fucking clueless when it came to moba balancing.
World of warcraft has been released in 2004 and blizzard hasn't done yet finished to balance and nerf its classes.
    balancing is a never ending process, you gotta be dumb to think a game can achieve perfect balance
        I can balance overwatch. Remove every hero other than soldier 76.  There. Balanced. Perfectly.  :P

Perfect balance only happens when all players are identical.
> Dota has 117 heroes but almost all of them are played at each major event.

O RLY?

https://www.dotabuff.com/procircuit/hero-meta?start_time=month&end_time=now&region=all&min_designation=minors&max_designation=majors&view=overview
    That's still 104 out of 116 heroes that are available in captain's mode picked at least once
    Only 12 heroes weren't picked, and that's only at the pro level. All of those 12 heroes are viable at every MMR in pubs. Hell I have a 65%+ win rate on Necro and Bristleback with 200+ games played on each of them. 
        Yeah thats only for the last 30 days. If you set it to patch 7.08 its only Clinkz Riki, Necro and WR that havent been played. Necro is the only one that surprised me on that list but I kind of suck at Dota (even though Ive played it since WC3 days) so what do I know. 
    Look how almost all of them have at least 1 match played.

Some have their niches but at least they're getting some use.
        Well... if you're using that as your metric for balance that implies that Overwatch is doing just fine in the balance department. DotA has 104 of 116 characters in use. That's about 90% of the characters, which is pretty good. 

This season of OWL has shown us all characters in use at some point except for Symmetra. That's something like 25/26 characters (96%) in use for at least one point in one map. Sure, they have their niches, but they're still getting used, right? 
> an original idea

Ok but which part of Overwatch is original? OWL aside, the game itself uses no real "new" ideas, just a new combination of character abilities.
    Overwatch isn't original. Project Titan WAS, but they scrapped it and turned what they made into Overwatch. The original vision was very ahead of it's time. 
        I know some of Titan, but what made it ahead of its time? Genuinely curious
            They were trying to make it the first major FPS looter with crafting and other MMO elements. The rumor is a lot of it was scrapped when Destiny was shown off. 

I somewhat wish we still got Titan 
                So Titan was just Borderlands with crafting? 
                    MMO Borderlands with crafting. Masively Multiplayer with a huge world.
    Yeah I really don't get this either. Blizzard's development strategy has always been to take a popular idea and refine it to the extreme, for better or for worse.
        And while they do generally refine it pretty well EVENTUALLY (*cough* Diablo3 and Starcraft2 *cough*), it seems like a lot of time they have a game idea but not a game lifetime idea. They STILL haven't made up their minds about Overwatch being casual or competitive (one-tricking may or may not be bannable, so meta picks may or may not be mandatory)
> I feel like judging Blizzard by a different team that made mistakes seven years ago is a bit harsh.

Jeff Kaplan was the designer for Wrath of the Lich King, the expansion u/morphoray is citing. It is literally the last thing he worked on before switching to Project Titan (2009-2014), which became Overwatch. Most of the Overwatch dev team was recruited from inside Blizzard as well.
    Wotlk was a solid expansion for pvp; compared to the cluster that was Legion pvp. MoP 5,4 was probably the most balanced but Wotlk pvp was great.
        DKs getting glad in blues was balanced.
Played HARP rogue and SL/SL Warlock in 2v2 arenas to 2400 ELO in season 3... our entire strategy was to make it 2v1 by stun locking one target while DOTs ticked on both enemies. 

While I have good memories of that season, I would hate to see OW dominated by CC. 
You forgot Druids.
    I'm repressing
The real truth here is that Blizzard's favoring the rough daddies and ignoring the twink side of the Boy Meta. Lifeguard McCree does work but imo the next hero needs to be a cute twunk with a bubblebutt and also maybe the butt absorbs stun damage idunno just spitballing here
    this is the gay agenda
Reyes is really hot, but he's behind a mask in almost all his skins, so :(
A sniper had the best close-range one-shot in the game
https://www.invenglobal.com/articles/4865/interview-with-overwatch-dev-tim-ford-regarding-symmetra-turning-into-a-defense-hero-and-the-channel-system

> Scatter Arrow was designed to melt tanks in the first place. However, it didn’t feel great to be killed by it in the actual game. It felt like you don’t get why you died? There were times players couldn’t accept it.

> To go into details, we’ll be keeping the damage as it is; we are aiming to change it to some other form that the person hit can accept. It would be more advantageous for players with good aim, I guess? It will be changed so that even if you do get killed, you’d approve of your opponent’s good aim.
It went to shit because Epic cash•cowed out for Fortnite, but who can blame them. The heroes and gameplay is not what did it, the community tried so hard and Epic just gave up.
How significant is the reduction to the hitbox?
I think it'd be a downgrade if anything. The 50% damage buff is ridiculous, arguably one of the strongest ultimates in the game if used well. Making it just prevent CC is a MASSIVE downgrade.
    It should do both. Its already not too overpowered.
When you reach ~~50~~ 40 energy from 1 bubble, it probably popped.

EDIT: My brain is in the past.
    You can only get 40 charge per bubble since the nerf, but typically when you max out like that the bubble breaks or is very close to breaking. 
        Yeah I literally noticed it in a game after I sent this comment, mb
            I miss the good 'ol days of Zarya too :(
    it's been a very VERY long time since you could get 50 energy off of a single bubble. they nerfed that ages ago.
[deleted]
    I mean I generally have an idea, as I pay a lot of attention to my charge and my teammates' positions, but I've never noticed a clear visual indicator nor have I played attention to that audio cue.

But thanks for the TIL!
If you think you can kill zarya then you're supposed to break it. Otherwise don't
    You can't use the charge if you're dead.
Bad players shoot the Zarya bubble.

Good players don't shoot the Zarya bubble.

Great players know *when* to shoot the Zarya bubble. 
    Yeah, if Zarya bubbles herself at low health you shoot the bubble. If she bubbles a teammate that's about to die, you *might* shoot the bubble unless Zarya's been wrecking your team because then you want to not give her charge more than you want to not let her teammate live. If she hasn't been performing well, let her have all the charge she can get and she won't hit much. Just be ready to counter a grav if you let it go on long enough.

There's a lot more to it than that, but I'm not a great player so that's as far as my knowledge goes.
        Aw I think you’re great 
        Also ok to shoot the bubbles when she's already full charge (a.k.a. glowing AF)
            [deleted]
As an offtank main who loves playing Zarya, SHHHHHHH! don't tell them!
Zarya is a strange hero because when I verse her my team doesn’t understand the whole don’t shoot her or if we pop the bubble we have to kill her now situation. She also comes in handy for hog hooks and reinhardt charges 
that's exactly what I was thinking.
The tradeoff is quite simple, actually: positioning x damage.  
If you break her bubble, you probably catch her in a somewhat unplanned position, although at higher charge. You wait it out, she has time to reposition (ideally requiring more resources to kill her), but she'll be at a lower charge.

Sometimes her positioning makes it worth it, sometimes it doesn't. Just pay attention to where she is and where the extra seconds would allow her to be. She is slow, it's not hard to figure it out.
Though if the Zarya is already maximum charge and coming for you...go to town I guess?
    Or run
        Running definitely helps, once I was playing a comp game and the Zarya was always full charge so I said to my teammates “let’s just wait in spawn for 15 seconds so her charge goes down” it helped
            [deleted]
                Range for sure. My hardest Zarya games were with speedboost and discord/mercy damage boost.
    but if that is the case you should be nowhere near her :D
>you almost never wanna do that unless you are certain you can finish them off and the zarya is not gonna be maximum charge and coming for you

Isn't one extra enemy + low charge Zarya stronger than max charge Zarya?
    Ehhh. 200 DPS with 400 hp is a force to be reckoned with. Plus the bombs
    Yes. And Zarya is easy to focus down if she doesn't have her bubble up too. Bubble or not, if you can focus a person easily, you should do it.
Yeah. I agree. She's actually a better counter to those she wasn't meant to counter in the first place.

We're meant to do something in a game. We're meant to control, to move, to shoot, to... well, do stuff. Overwatch is moving to a meta where control is taken away from a player, and what's the point of playing a game if you can't actually do anything in it?
Lol, point though is to kill you, either the genji or another flanker. A good doomfist is such a pain in the ass that I had to go sombra that game just to keep him in place. He changes hero later
    Hog or McCree will also fuck a Doomfist's day up
Well DF isn't the most accesible hero for all players, at least Brigitte can be played by anyone to a considerable level of competence. I wouldn't trust all the DF in my team that I've had along my playing experience.
You are the DPS that us support mains dream of
Where do you find these supports that help instead of just leave you to die?
Here's an idea, when she uses her bash she becomes unable to raise her shield for a couple of seconds. This way a Brigitte needs to actually think a bit about using bash as doing so leaves her vulnerable and bad bashes can now be punished.
I mean, I agree that the cooldown needs to be longer, but the hitbox was kind of ridiculous. I'm glad they toned it down, but we still need the cooldown to be longer. 
A tracer within stun range deserves to get bashed lol I don't understand why people can't just fight her at a distance like they do Rein.
I said low-tier/quickplay because for hero effectiveness and general level of coordination and accuracy they are functionally identical. You are technically correct in stating that we have yet to see her performance in any type of competitive play.

I'm saying to wait on significant nerfs to her until we actually see how she performs at a range of usage. I've watched/played enough of Brigitte on PTR and quickplay to see how thoroughly she can be shut down by certain heroes and by coordination. If she was absolutely dominating every quickplay game she was in and no team without her could win, then a nerf even before hitting competitive could be applied. The thing is, *she isn't doing that at all*. Players who prefer certain heroes or certain tactics are having a very hard time because her concept counters them, but we've had meta shifts in the past due to new heroes or changes to existing heroes.

This being said, I would love to have a long list of possible nerfs ready for Brigitte, so that we can have as many possible vectors to approach it from. Lots of people enjoy her concept, and none of her numbers are particularly strong compared to existing heroes. Mediocre DPS and HPS, even though her burst heal on other targets is decent (150hp, but 6sec cooldown means 25hp/s maximum). Lucio's Amp It Up gives more points per second than Brigitte's Inspire and Rally combined, even if the armor can occasionally give more value.
Let's even change it from a beam. Maybe make it some sort of icy weapon? Like it gradually freezes them in place. I just feel like this makes more sense from an immersion standpoint.
    That's a great idea, as a bonus, we should allow Symmetra to build a wall for area denial/blocking escape routes, but make it a sort of "ice wall" to match the new theme.
        Hell, we could even change her ult to make it like /u/Jim_Harbaughs_Jeans's 'icy weapon', but omnidirectional and with a wide radius.
            This idea might be a little out there, but on top of all of that and fitting in with this ice theme I'm thinking we should maybe let Symmetra freeze herself in a block of ice to self-heal. As it is now, if she gets dived on, she has nothing to get out of her situation. Letting her heal in that block while being immune to damage would help her out massively. 
                I think it should also stun everyone around her when she goes in and comes out. We can't forget about the stun.
                    And she's to skinny I think she needs to be  ㄒ卄丨匚匚 to withstand the cold of her redesigned abilities
    And her barrier is too mobile. They should make it stationary. But maybe make it so people can't move through it, to trap them in with her turrets.
Hell, let the beam heals Symm too
That never stopped people from complaining 
> I love how this game has MOBA elements, that's why I've played it since it released. And I won't apologize for my Brig defending.

100%. The MOBA elements force you to outsmart your opponent instead of relying strictly on aiming, I think Blizz has done a great job 
    Sure. After I commented here, I looked through many more comments and found a lot of complaints about "not being able to control my character". Good, y'all getting a taste of PvP that transcends point and click.
[deleted]
    Every game that adds content like OW suffers this, because pre-release they spend ages balancing every hero around one another, but when you release extra content you only really balance the new heroes against the old ones, not the other way around. So either the new hero sucks or they're OP, because companies don't want to rework 3 or 4 heroes to be effective counters every time they release a new hero
I remember when Brig was new and I tried to ambush ult her team as Reaper.

One shield bash and I was instantly melted. 
    A friend I play with frequently has given up on heroes with channeled ults completely.

Between Brig, McCree, and Mei, I don't think he was able to get off a Roadhog ult in a good 4 or 5 games straight. 

The thing I hate most about Mei is that once the freezing starts it's a long but sure slippery slope to death (healer main btw) I feel like even boop can't save me because she catches up faster than you thaw, and THEN when my DPS friends come to kill her she just ice-blocks, then walls, so that's ANOTHER 5-8 seconds you have to waste on her. The entire kit is frustration, it's not like getting flashed and killed in a second
Taking this again since im being spammed with downvotes:
> having no penalty for missing her stun, and having her stun be almost instant.

This is also most  of them, and if Brig misses she is  in trouble. Unlike the others that has higher damage and ways of fleeing. And Ana is a long distance hero. Not Brigitte. Brig has to be up front.


I can not understand how in any way these facts are controversial. Is it that important to blame the new heroes for everything, and always defend the old ones no matter what?

edit

The mob is now are now calling people "retarded" for not falling in line. Toxic shit. 
I'd be happy if it did the dual knockdown thing like when two Reinhearts collide. Right now there are few if any reasons for her not to pop off the stun if someone is in range. 
She's the worst. If she goes into comp. as she is right now I'm going to hate it.

With Doom it feels like you have a chance, against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.
    >  against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.

It feels almost impossible to win a fight against Brig. She knocks you around on ridiculously small cooldown abilities and self-heals with her unlimited ammo melee attack that can't miss.
        While I disagree with the extreme-ness of saying that it’s almost impossible to kill her, I think you articulated why she is annoying and should be nerfed as well as anyone I’ve seen explain her lol 
            Thanks. Her 1v1 ability really highlights the problems. 

A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is absurd.
    Stay away from her. Just keep at least 10m of distance and you should be fine. Play junk pharah sombra mccree or reaper and just shoot her barrier. She will be pretty useless against it. Don‘t get near her as long as you didn‘t break her shield. Focusing her from 2 angles is really good too. Just dont dive her solo with tracer or genji and you should be rather fine. I play and played a lot of brigitte cause i like her so much. But i can already feel a lot of people are getting onto playing against a brigitte. I honestly think she is not THAT strong. Keep distance my dudes ;)

Edit: some words. 
        Basically everything you said is a recipe for a stale meta. Brigitte+Mercy as healers means it's risky for the enemy to dive (Brigitte) but you also have a really hard time getting picks (Brigitte heal+armor, Mercy heal+res). Gonna be a lot of Junkrat spam and sitting behind shields.
        Just never leave spawn loooool
Because it's not just "a category." It's specifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer.
    > cifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer

Why? I'm not trying to argue with you here, just trying to understand your thought process.
        A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is quite possibly the most ridiculous thing I can imagine in the game.

If you aren't able to understand that, I honestly don't know how to explain it further.
            How do you account for hybrids here? Lucio's _primary_ purpose has always been about speed aura, with the healing as a secondary bonus. Zenyatta's healing is mediocre at best, and his _primary_ purpose is Discord Orb (he also murders Roadhog from a distance). These two are DPS + healer hybrids.

Birgitte is a tank + healer _hybrid_, meaning she fulfills aspects of both roles. As you said, this literally means creating space while also providing support. 

If you want to stick your head in the sand and complain that Birgitte _just isn't fair_ instead of adapting and finding ways to deal with her, that's kind of on you. Her DPS sucks and is easily among the lowest in the game. It takes her more than 15-20 seconds to deal with Roadhog, who could instead back away and find a better target. Or you could actually break her shield (which is stupidly easy for Roadhog) and totally deprive her of her core tools.

Or you could, you know, either swap to or encourage your team to play a counter to her.
tbh, the only reason I like overwatch is that it captured the TF2 feel.

And TF2 lost that feel by spamming us with ugly-ass hats.
You don't need weak characters to have counters, but if you *have* counters, and the meta is stable, then some characters will be weak *in that meta*, while still being perfectly balanced.  Thus, it's a bad idea to put too much weight on "How are they doing in the current meta?" when balancing a hero.
Most heroes are viable in dota, but half of them are only viable in very specific situations. 

Also there are plenty of "weak" hero's in Dota currently that are balanced in the way he is describing. Pushing is the current meta in Dota making any hero with a weak early game near unplayable. 

However if the meta shifts those hero's go from weak to strong with no change in there stats or abilities. This is often seen in Dota as a hero can go from being shit to OP over the course of a patch with no actual changes to the hero.
[deleted]
    Not at all.
        [deleted]
            Grim was such a great concept, along with Iggy, Muriel, Zynx and a bunch of others, but the devs were fucking clueless when it came to moba balancing.
balancing is a never ending process, you gotta be dumb to think a game can achieve perfect balance
    I can balance overwatch. Remove every hero other than soldier 76.  There. Balanced. Perfectly.  :P

Perfect balance only happens when all players are identical.
That's still 104 out of 116 heroes that are available in captain's mode picked at least once
Only 12 heroes weren't picked, and that's only at the pro level. All of those 12 heroes are viable at every MMR in pubs. Hell I have a 65%+ win rate on Necro and Bristleback with 200+ games played on each of them. 
    Yeah thats only for the last 30 days. If you set it to patch 7.08 its only Clinkz Riki, Necro and WR that havent been played. Necro is the only one that surprised me on that list but I kind of suck at Dota (even though Ive played it since WC3 days) so what do I know. 
Look how almost all of them have at least 1 match played.

Some have their niches but at least they're getting some use.
    Well... if you're using that as your metric for balance that implies that Overwatch is doing just fine in the balance department. DotA has 104 of 116 characters in use. That's about 90% of the characters, which is pretty good. 

This season of OWL has shown us all characters in use at some point except for Symmetra. That's something like 25/26 characters (96%) in use for at least one point in one map. Sure, they have their niches, but they're still getting used, right? 
Overwatch isn't original. Project Titan WAS, but they scrapped it and turned what they made into Overwatch. The original vision was very ahead of it's time. 
    I know some of Titan, but what made it ahead of its time? Genuinely curious
        They were trying to make it the first major FPS looter with crafting and other MMO elements. The rumor is a lot of it was scrapped when Destiny was shown off. 

I somewhat wish we still got Titan 
            So Titan was just Borderlands with crafting? 
                MMO Borderlands with crafting. Masively Multiplayer with a huge world.
Yeah I really don't get this either. Blizzard's development strategy has always been to take a popular idea and refine it to the extreme, for better or for worse.
    And while they do generally refine it pretty well EVENTUALLY (*cough* Diablo3 and Starcraft2 *cough*), it seems like a lot of time they have a game idea but not a game lifetime idea. They STILL haven't made up their minds about Overwatch being casual or competitive (one-tricking may or may not be bannable, so meta picks may or may not be mandatory)
Wotlk was a solid expansion for pvp; compared to the cluster that was Legion pvp. MoP 5,4 was probably the most balanced but Wotlk pvp was great.
    DKs getting glad in blues was balanced.
I'm repressing
this is the gay agenda
It should do both. Its already not too overpowered.
You can only get 40 charge per bubble since the nerf, but typically when you max out like that the bubble breaks or is very close to breaking. 
    Yeah I literally noticed it in a game after I sent this comment, mb
        I miss the good 'ol days of Zarya too :(
it's been a very VERY long time since you could get 50 energy off of a single bubble. they nerfed that ages ago.
I mean I generally have an idea, as I pay a lot of attention to my charge and my teammates' positions, but I've never noticed a clear visual indicator nor have I played attention to that audio cue.

But thanks for the TIL!
You can't use the charge if you're dead.
Yeah, if Zarya bubbles herself at low health you shoot the bubble. If she bubbles a teammate that's about to die, you *might* shoot the bubble unless Zarya's been wrecking your team because then you want to not give her charge more than you want to not let her teammate live. If she hasn't been performing well, let her have all the charge she can get and she won't hit much. Just be ready to counter a grav if you let it go on long enough.

There's a lot more to it than that, but I'm not a great player so that's as far as my knowledge goes.
    Aw I think you’re great 
    Also ok to shoot the bubbles when she's already full charge (a.k.a. glowing AF)
        [deleted]
Or run
    Running definitely helps, once I was playing a comp game and the Zarya was always full charge so I said to my teammates “let’s just wait in spawn for 15 seconds so her charge goes down” it helped
        [deleted]
            Range for sure. My hardest Zarya games were with speedboost and discord/mercy damage boost.
but if that is the case you should be nowhere near her :D
Ehhh. 200 DPS with 400 hp is a force to be reckoned with. Plus the bombs
Yes. And Zarya is easy to focus down if she doesn't have her bubble up too. Bubble or not, if you can focus a person easily, you should do it.
Hog or McCree will also fuck a Doomfist's day up
That's a great idea, as a bonus, we should allow Symmetra to build a wall for area denial/blocking escape routes, but make it a sort of "ice wall" to match the new theme.
    Hell, we could even change her ult to make it like /u/Jim_Harbaughs_Jeans's 'icy weapon', but omnidirectional and with a wide radius.
        This idea might be a little out there, but on top of all of that and fitting in with this ice theme I'm thinking we should maybe let Symmetra freeze herself in a block of ice to self-heal. As it is now, if she gets dived on, she has nothing to get out of her situation. Letting her heal in that block while being immune to damage would help her out massively. 
            I think it should also stun everyone around her when she goes in and comes out. We can't forget about the stun.
                And she's to skinny I think she needs to be  ㄒ卄丨匚匚 to withstand the cold of her redesigned abilities
And her barrier is too mobile. They should make it stationary. But maybe make it so people can't move through it, to trap them in with her turrets.
Sure. After I commented here, I looked through many more comments and found a lot of complaints about "not being able to control my character". Good, y'all getting a taste of PvP that transcends point and click.
Every game that adds content like OW suffers this, because pre-release they spend ages balancing every hero around one another, but when you release extra content you only really balance the new heroes against the old ones, not the other way around. So either the new hero sucks or they're OP, because companies don't want to rework 3 or 4 heroes to be effective counters every time they release a new hero
A friend I play with frequently has given up on heroes with channeled ults completely.

Between Brig, McCree, and Mei, I don't think he was able to get off a Roadhog ult in a good 4 or 5 games straight. 

>  against Brig it feels like you have to get lucky to win.

It feels almost impossible to win a fight against Brig. She knocks you around on ridiculously small cooldown abilities and self-heals with her unlimited ammo melee attack that can't miss.
    While I disagree with the extreme-ness of saying that it’s almost impossible to kill her, I think you articulated why she is annoying and should be nerfed as well as anyone I’ve seen explain her lol 
        Thanks. Her 1v1 ability really highlights the problems. 

A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is absurd.
Stay away from her. Just keep at least 10m of distance and you should be fine. Play junk pharah sombra mccree or reaper and just shoot her barrier. She will be pretty useless against it. Don‘t get near her as long as you didn‘t break her shield. Focusing her from 2 angles is really good too. Just dont dive her solo with tracer or genji and you should be rather fine. I play and played a lot of brigitte cause i like her so much. But i can already feel a lot of people are getting onto playing against a brigitte. I honestly think she is not THAT strong. Keep distance my dudes ;)

Edit: some words. 
    Basically everything you said is a recipe for a stale meta. Brigitte+Mercy as healers means it's risky for the enemy to dive (Brigitte) but you also have a really hard time getting picks (Brigitte heal+armor, Mercy heal+res). Gonna be a lot of Junkrat spam and sitting behind shields.
    Just never leave spawn loooool
> cifically the healers. I will happily contend that any tank should be able to win a 1v1 against any healer

Why? I'm not trying to argue with you here, just trying to understand your thought process.
    A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is quite possibly the most ridiculous thing I can imagine in the game.

If you aren't able to understand that, I honestly don't know how to explain it further.
        How do you account for hybrids here? Lucio's _primary_ purpose has always been about speed aura, with the healing as a secondary bonus. Zenyatta's healing is mediocre at best, and his _primary_ purpose is Discord Orb (he also murders Roadhog from a distance). These two are DPS + healer hybrids.

Birgitte is a tank + healer _hybrid_, meaning she fulfills aspects of both roles. As you said, this literally means creating space while also providing support. 

If you want to stick your head in the sand and complain that Birgitte _just isn't fair_ instead of adapting and finding ways to deal with her, that's kind of on you. Her DPS sucks and is easily among the lowest in the game. It takes her more than 15-20 seconds to deal with Roadhog, who could instead back away and find a better target. Or you could actually break her shield (which is stupidly easy for Roadhog) and totally deprive her of her core tools.

Or you could, you know, either swap to or encourage your team to play a counter to her.
Not at all.
    [deleted]
        Grim was such a great concept, along with Iggy, Muriel, Zynx and a bunch of others, but the devs were fucking clueless when it came to moba balancing.
I can balance overwatch. Remove every hero other than soldier 76.  There. Balanced. Perfectly.  :P

Perfect balance only happens when all players are identical.
Yeah thats only for the last 30 days. If you set it to patch 7.08 its only Clinkz Riki, Necro and WR that havent been played. Necro is the only one that surprised me on that list but I kind of suck at Dota (even though Ive played it since WC3 days) so what do I know. 
Well... if you're using that as your metric for balance that implies that Overwatch is doing just fine in the balance department. DotA has 104 of 116 characters in use. That's about 90% of the characters, which is pretty good. 

This season of OWL has shown us all characters in use at some point except for Symmetra. That's something like 25/26 characters (96%) in use for at least one point in one map. Sure, they have their niches, but they're still getting used, right? 
I know some of Titan, but what made it ahead of its time? Genuinely curious
    They were trying to make it the first major FPS looter with crafting and other MMO elements. The rumor is a lot of it was scrapped when Destiny was shown off. 

I somewhat wish we still got Titan 
        So Titan was just Borderlands with crafting? 
            MMO Borderlands with crafting. Masively Multiplayer with a huge world.
And while they do generally refine it pretty well EVENTUALLY (*cough* Diablo3 and Starcraft2 *cough*), it seems like a lot of time they have a game idea but not a game lifetime idea. They STILL haven't made up their minds about Overwatch being casual or competitive (one-tricking may or may not be bannable, so meta picks may or may not be mandatory)
DKs getting glad in blues was balanced.
Yeah I literally noticed it in a game after I sent this comment, mb
    I miss the good 'ol days of Zarya too :(
Aw I think you’re great 
Also ok to shoot the bubbles when she's already full charge (a.k.a. glowing AF)
    [deleted]
Running definitely helps, once I was playing a comp game and the Zarya was always full charge so I said to my teammates “let’s just wait in spawn for 15 seconds so her charge goes down” it helped
    [deleted]
        Range for sure. My hardest Zarya games were with speedboost and discord/mercy damage boost.
Hell, we could even change her ult to make it like /u/Jim_Harbaughs_Jeans's 'icy weapon', but omnidirectional and with a wide radius.
    This idea might be a little out there, but on top of all of that and fitting in with this ice theme I'm thinking we should maybe let Symmetra freeze herself in a block of ice to self-heal. As it is now, if she gets dived on, she has nothing to get out of her situation. Letting her heal in that block while being immune to damage would help her out massively. 
        I think it should also stun everyone around her when she goes in and comes out. We can't forget about the stun.
            And she's to skinny I think she needs to be  ㄒ卄丨匚匚 to withstand the cold of her redesigned abilities
While I disagree with the extreme-ness of saying that it’s almost impossible to kill her, I think you articulated why she is annoying and should be nerfed as well as anyone I’ve seen explain her lol 
    Thanks. Her 1v1 ability really highlights the problems. 

A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is absurd.
Basically everything you said is a recipe for a stale meta. Brigitte+Mercy as healers means it's risky for the enemy to dive (Brigitte) but you also have a really hard time getting picks (Brigitte heal+armor, Mercy heal+res). Gonna be a lot of Junkrat spam and sitting behind shields.
Just never leave spawn loooool
A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is quite possibly the most ridiculous thing I can imagine in the game.

If you aren't able to understand that, I honestly don't know how to explain it further.
    How do you account for hybrids here? Lucio's _primary_ purpose has always been about speed aura, with the healing as a secondary bonus. Zenyatta's healing is mediocre at best, and his _primary_ purpose is Discord Orb (he also murders Roadhog from a distance). These two are DPS + healer hybrids.

Birgitte is a tank + healer _hybrid_, meaning she fulfills aspects of both roles. As you said, this literally means creating space while also providing support. 

If you want to stick your head in the sand and complain that Birgitte _just isn't fair_ instead of adapting and finding ways to deal with her, that's kind of on you. Her DPS sucks and is easily among the lowest in the game. It takes her more than 15-20 seconds to deal with Roadhog, who could instead back away and find a better target. Or you could actually break her shield (which is stupidly easy for Roadhog) and totally deprive her of her core tools.

Or you could, you know, either swap to or encourage your team to play a counter to her.
[deleted]
    Grim was such a great concept, along with Iggy, Muriel, Zynx and a bunch of others, but the devs were fucking clueless when it came to moba balancing.
They were trying to make it the first major FPS looter with crafting and other MMO elements. The rumor is a lot of it was scrapped when Destiny was shown off. 

I somewhat wish we still got Titan 
    So Titan was just Borderlands with crafting? 
        MMO Borderlands with crafting. Masively Multiplayer with a huge world.
I miss the good 'ol days of Zarya too :(
[deleted]
[deleted]
    Range for sure. My hardest Zarya games were with speedboost and discord/mercy damage boost.
This idea might be a little out there, but on top of all of that and fitting in with this ice theme I'm thinking we should maybe let Symmetra freeze herself in a block of ice to self-heal. As it is now, if she gets dived on, she has nothing to get out of her situation. Letting her heal in that block while being immune to damage would help her out massively. 
    I think it should also stun everyone around her when she goes in and comes out. We can't forget about the stun.
        And she's to skinny I think she needs to be  ㄒ卄丨匚匚 to withstand the cold of her redesigned abilities
Thanks. Her 1v1 ability really highlights the problems. 

A tank's specific role is to create space for the team. Roadhog is the tank with a shotgun and massive health pool.

A healer's role is to, well, heal. The provide support for the team.

The fact that a healer with less than 300 hp can defeat the 900 hp shotgun tank in close range is absurd.
How do you account for hybrids here? Lucio's _primary_ purpose has always been about speed aura, with the healing as a secondary bonus. Zenyatta's healing is mediocre at best, and his _primary_ purpose is Discord Orb (he also murders Roadhog from a distance). These two are DPS + healer hybrids.

Birgitte is a tank + healer _hybrid_, meaning she fulfills aspects of both roles. As you said, this literally means creating space while also providing support. 

If you want to stick your head in the sand and complain that Birgitte _just isn't fair_ instead of adapting and finding ways to deal with her, that's kind of on you. Her DPS sucks and is easily among the lowest in the game. It takes her more than 15-20 seconds to deal with Roadhog, who could instead back away and find a better target. Or you could actually break her shield (which is stupidly easy for Roadhog) and totally deprive her of her core tools.

Or you could, you know, either swap to or encourage your team to play a counter to her.
Grim was such a great concept, along with Iggy, Muriel, Zynx and a bunch of others, but the devs were fucking clueless when it came to moba balancing.
So Titan was just Borderlands with crafting? 
    MMO Borderlands with crafting. Masively Multiplayer with a huge world.
Range for sure. My hardest Zarya games were with speedboost and discord/mercy damage boost.
I think it should also stun everyone around her when she goes in and comes out. We can't forget about the stun.
    And she's to skinny I think she needs to be  ㄒ卄丨匚匚 to withstand the cold of her redesigned abilities
MMO Borderlands with crafting. Masively Multiplayer with a huge world.
And she's to skinny I think she needs to be  ㄒ卄丨匚匚 to withstand the cold of her redesigned abilities
