[[The Current State of Quick Play]]





1. We picked 6 Lucio. 

2. We faced another 6 Lucio setup.

3. That was Ilios with well in the middle.

It was a damn long game. 
    A friend of mine did this on PC, was EPIC. dozens of enviro-kills, because that is all you can score. 
        It's pretty hard to score a kill when your damage is not enough and Lucio can just climb back(unless unlucky).

We were fighting over 40 minutes. Score was 0%-0%
            Should make a pact where everyone goes down to the well and you are not allowed up before you are the last man standing.
                The entire battle takes place in the well. I like it. 
                    BATTLE WELL! Twelve Lucios enter, one Lucio leaves!
                        [sounds like fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18tXcMDEsL4#t=1m30s)
                            That actually looks terrifying. Not just for the people in the well, but the onlookers as well.
                                It sounds terrifying too. Like a never-ending wave of RIP tires.


                                    https://youtu.be/lPwlfbeQOBg?t=285
                            Video with some more info: https://youtu.be/_Ky8RyQ7GJU
                            At the end of the video I realized that the drivers seat is on the right side of that car! How did he keep it going while he was out the window?
                        THUNDER~~DOME~~WELL
                            [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0353 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48132)
                        New brawl mode: the floor is lava. 
                        The rest are respawning.
                        how can there be twelve lucios when max player count is 7. The other team + me as lucio playing objective
                        Battle Roy-Well?
                        The Shooter version of the Ring
                    [A dramatic reenactment](https://youtu.be/3knv3epLtE4?t=2m29s)
                    > The entire battle takes place in the well.

I totally read this as "bake sale."
                    New weekly brawl: Lucio wall duels. 
Other than a platform to start from, the entire map is over a bottomless pit and you have to wall-ride the whole time. Make it happen.
                        I'm on it. 
                something like the bation/mercy game in this video. 

https://youtu.be/H66vEu4qqeE?t=2m35s
                    It's like cockfighting
                    that is amazing, Blizzard needs to make a brawl, Mercy only, with a larger hole, with many targets around the outside which can be flown to.
                https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-kXm_KzhRE
                    >[**3 Bikes crash inside steel ball( Globe Of Death cage stunt) [0:46]**](http://youtu.be/K-kXm_KzhRE)

>>3 bikes collide at the very top of the round cage they were performing in.

> [*^Michael ^Muller*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw_tP2vh-6CF7_cOZGIRmBw) ^in ^Sports

>*^195 ^views ^since ^Mar ^2016*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
                Well, that needs to be a weekly brawl right there. 
                It's all fun and good until that one dick switches to D.Va and flushes the toilet with a well placed boost. 
                This kinda crap is what brawls should be.
            That sounds epic haha
            i've tried 6v6 lucio with a group of friends on koth and it was impossible to kill anyone. definitely needs to be a map with boop potential like well but even then i don't think we were ever able to take the point.  
            Well, he can climb back up that well unless you're McCree and throw a flash bang at him... if he's close enough. 
            I've played that same match before. 
    I played in a 6v6 mei only random game.   That was such a clusterfuck but I couldn't stop laughing .
    What needs to happy is all 12 of you agree to fight in the well wall riding anyone that leaves the well has to kill himself. 
        How dare you tell me what needs to happy. 
    I've done plenty of 6 reaper, 6 lucio, 6 pharah, etc. and occasionally the enemy team will match, or do 6 of their own.

But I'm still waiting for the day I get to play 6 vs. 6 Rein. Where is the brawl, ITS MOFUCKIN HAMMER TIME!
    A group of 6 Winston's nearly decimated my team in anubis. We were defending. Managed to win, but it went to overtime. They switched to a dva/Winston combo partway through. 
        1-2 Reapers counters the Winston Comp.
            Also, a Bastion or two could probably kill all of them.

Source: Was on a team of 6 Winstons.
                Played against 6 wins tons as bastion, had 40k damage
                Then the Winstons change to D.Va and Bastions fun is over
            This always happens for me:

Go 6 genji

Enemy team counters with Winston

We counter with Reaper

Teams revert to standard dps/tank/healer set-up
            Not when they work as a team. 6 barriers in a small area means they rarely even took damage (while the barriers were active) 
                3 barriers up at a time and just rotate the cooldown.

Anyone have the math for this?
                    600 damage per barrier. 1800 for three. So three to four seconds of Bastion fire.
                        Seems perfectly acceptable to do two bastions to cut that to 2 seconds of concentrated fire.
            + Zen and game over man. 
        We thought maybe waiting to ULT all at the same time would get for us at the end.  That was a fun game though.  After the failed team primal rage we switched it up.  

Edit: I suppose it was possible it wasn't the same game, but I'm pretty sure I was on team winston for the game you're talking about.
        Zarya/Winston combo would probably wreak havoc. Anytime someone is Winston on my team, I'm choosing zarya.
    When did you guys do this? I did this with my group of 6 around two or three weeks ago
        It was earlier, so it wasn't us.
    I had the same game. Eventually we all went Winston, then all Junkrat, then some other shit. It was hilarious.
        yes i had the same, that was the best night of overwatch ever 
    I was in a match like this and it lasted twenty minutes before both teams realized this wasn't funny anymore, and one elected to throw the game.
    I think I was there! Eventually, it just devolved into people jumping into the well, sliding on the sides, and trying to knock each other down it.
    I did that with a group of people too, it was by far the funniest thing i've experienced playing this game. Laughing uncontrollably just running around speed boosting jumping wall riding forever.
    Same thing 12 Lucio game but it was on King's Row now that was an enternity

    Same, but on the Nepal map with the pit next to the point.
    You guys should have all wall rode in the well so it's like those coin deposit spinning donation collectors at the mall 
    I really want to have one of these games now
    I played in a similar situation,but we all picked junkrat... The whole map was full of explosives xD
    We encountered a 6 lucio team once, i took zarya and teammates took junkrat and mcree, was also on ilios well, blob em up with ult, and let junkie and mcree handle them.
The reaper comp on this same map

1. Everyone wraiths to the point
2. Shoot everyone in the back and cap point one
3. Teleport over the gap and cap the second point before everyone respawns/notices
4. Win in under 2 minutes
    >Shoot everyone in the back and cap point one


Heh, nothin personnel, kid...

>Teleports behind u and shots u
        Is that a thing now? Writing "personnel" instead of "personal"? I've seen it a bunch of times after the original post where it was an actual misspelling.
            [Its a reference to a meme.](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/coldsteel-the-hedgeheg)
                Huh, I guess it wasn't that originnel then.

Thanks for clearing that up!
        psssh...
    That usually goes like this: Team of 6 Reapers wraiths to the point. 4 of the Reapers have no idea what they are doing, and die a horrible lonely death trying to figure out how to get the kill. The other two Reapers focus in on a tank, only to get iced by the tanks' teammates, who they thought were off being murdered.  
        I never said it was consistent
    To be fair, it isn't difficult to win in under 2 minutes with a real comp on the 2cp maps.
#LUCIOS COMIN AT YOU
    So many boops!
    I'm not hearin that noise
        Something something tinnitus
            Mawp.  Mawp.
                Hey. Hey Sianmink. Hey, /u/Sianmink.
            AMP IT UP!
                PUSH OFF...
    Can't stop won't stop!
    Ohh this is our jam!
    Ohh this is our jam!
    Luci-o's cereal box motto
I honestly don't mind "fun" comps like this. What's weird to me are the people who run these team comps and still get pissy when they lose.

Like last night, I was put into a game with a 5-man group. I chose soldier and two of the people in the group immediately chose hanzo. Then there was a genji, roadhog, and I think a tracer. This was on hollywood defense, so I figured they were just going to mess around. I knew there was very little chance of me getting a 5-man group to switch, so I shrugged it off and didn't say anything. I played soldier for a bit and we were getting rolled, so I figured that it would be a perfect time to practice my widowmaker.

I immediately got a message saying I needed to get off of widow. My response was, "We've had two hanzos and no healer the entire match. I didn't think we were being serious," to which I was told that if I had such a problem with their comp, then I should have switched. I'm still not sure how that logic works out.

Then they all ragequit as a group because I ruined their super serious match.
    Yea, my favorites are when we all agree to some silly 5-man or 3/3 on a king of the hill, lose the first round (but have fun), then switch to something more reasonable for the second round or another ridiculous combo that's slightly better
        Its a nice break during longer sessions thats for sure. 
        I had a game once where we were a 4-man party that got together with a 2-man party. They both picked Genji (y'know, Quickplay), so to joke around all of us picked Genji as well. We were able to take the point and then the enemy team came back AS 6 WINSTONS. So we all traded to Pharah.

The entire round was the two teams trying to outsmart each other with hero counters. It was glorious.
            I'm trying to picture six Winstons vs six Genjis. Couldn't the Genjis just snipe the shit out of the Winstons? Unless the Winstons were smart with their barrier timing, I guess. 
                Winston is pretty much the counter to Genji
        I like picking Torbjorn on control sometimes just for fun. If we lose the first round I switch to something more useful and we usually win the other two rounds. I give credit to my tactic of making the other team think my team is bad, thus giving them over confidence. I really got to rub it in one time when we got stomped in the first round and a few players decided to trash talk us. The following two rounds we just massacred them (they didn't even take the point). Oh boy you better believe the smack talk was real after we won.
            I prefer the more annoying symmetra on control. And put her turrents spaced out all over the point. So if you turn to shoot one, three more are shooting at you in random locations... You have to constantly build them, but it is fun to see if they go after your turrets or the other players on your team. Needs a good team and a junkrat tire can screw you over, but it's is good fun for quick play.
        One time my group went for an army of 76's on Lijiang tower for the first round. We got our asses handed to us. Then we went to a normal comp and wiped the fucking floor with the enemy team. It's great.
    I ran a match yesterday where I was tank and everyone else was dps on an escort mission. One of the guys kept spamming we need a healer the entire match. Then, after we lost, he messages me saying I should have switched to healer since we needed a healer not a tank.

If you are going to spam we need a healer, you should be willing to take the hit and be a healer. I main Mercy and sometimes I just don't feel like healing and getting bitched at when I don't heal immediately.
        That's when you switch to Roadhog and tell them you have a gold in healing. 
            The one man apocalypse. He has damage, tankiness, and healing in one fat package. 
                And he's ready to go WWHHHHOOLLLE HOGGGG (best OW voice line)
                    BWUR HUR HURR HAW HARR HURR HAWRRRR!
            I got a gold medal in healing as Mei one time. Just chillin 
            yass
        This. I absolutely hate playing support but I will fill if we need a healer. The whole match my team is spamming I need healing meanwhile completely ignoring the genji and tracer who wouldn't let me out the spawn. So I said fuck it, they can't be asked to help me why should help them. I went mcree and God himself came to earth and we somehow won. I leave immediately after the win to avoid having the same team. The next game I got into put me on the opposite team of the guys I was just playing with. I went mcree again and t bagged the fuck out of all of them when I killed them. Nothing better than vigilante justice lol
            lol

It drives me nuts when I play Mercy and I usually end up with a Tracer, Hanzo, or Genji targeting me. If I'm spamming "Group Up" as Mercy, it's typically because I'm running for my life and I'm trying to get anyone to look in my direction and come help. Especially if we're on defense and I have a long walk if I die.

The number of people who just won't come to help but are the first ones to spam need healing after I die is insane.
                They have all the time in the world to spam I need healing but can't be bothered to look behind them and help me with flankers. The worst part is when you spot someone trying to sneak around and your team will just ignore him because they don't want to run away from the choke point or they dont feel like chasing. Then the same player is usually the same guy that kills you immediately and wipes the whole team.
                    Exactly.

Yes, I might have a handgun as Mercy, but it does shit damage. Besides, is it really worth everyone's time for me to stop healing? Or would you rather take the 10 seconds to come help me?
                        This is why I always try to help the Mercy as soon as I hear "I'm under attack!" or if she's healing me as soon as i see her life getting hit from sources not in front of me. Sometimes it results in a Mercy that will try to pocket me for the rest of the match which is a bonus.
                            Ya, help me out of a jam, keep an eye on me, or say "Thanks!" whenever I heal/rez you and I will probably give you more attention.

And I think most people who main as a healer are like this.
                Speaking as someone with over a hundred hours of Tracer time (yeah... it took me a while to realize hero switching is a thing. Zarya and Mercy are slowly catching up), I feel really bad for players like you.

Legit I once apologized to a Mercy player after a game. I spent the whole game harassing the poor girl and never giving her a moment of peace. Her team didn't once come to help her at all. Credit where it's due, she never once changed and even managed to get a kill on me when I got clipped by a Pharah missle and her pistol did the rest.

But still the amount of kills I've gotten off Mercy's, Ana's and the more less mobile tanks because DPS decided I could be ignored is a bit comical.
                    Someone on my team decided to actually heal for once, so I played JR for a bit of mindless fun. Their team couldn't even get past the first chokepoint and I trapped and killed mercy a few times. I apologized to her and said "I hate harassing healers, so few people actually play support."
                    I feel like it goes all or nothing with teammates and a harassing tracer. Either everyone ignores her,  or you've got entirely too many people chasing after her. I think I once saw her playing pied piper to a roadhog, torb,  and a lucio IIRC, none of whom are particularly effective counters in that situation.
                        You're not wrong... I've routinely played suicide for time with tracer and just led multiple people on to get them to back away from the objective. Once I know I'm under a players skin and they start purposely seeking me out (especially tanks) I start pulling them away from the team and go into full tag mode to keep them on my trail.

That brief moment of them pausing and then running back off to the team when they hear the timer is running down is so priceless.

            And THAT'S how the West was won.
            Absolutely fucking _barbaric_
                http://i.imgur.com/K7fEpHo.jpg
        Hopefully Blizzard's next funny move (like the "gg ez" thing in PTR) will be to change the text of any DPS saying "We need a healer" to come out as "I should really be the one to switch to healer".   
            Or, on the next respawn, lock out all heroes but support if they spammed the emote enough times.
                I don't think you want 6 symmetras every game..
                    idk, the carwash of death with like 3 symmetra's worth of turrets is life changing
                        > carwash of death 

pls stop i can only laugh so much
                            The carwash is the name of the achievement. 
                That's diabolical.
                And then Symmetra becomes synonymous with Troll
                    Aren't they already?
                We desperately need this.
            I didn't realize how much we need that.
            I mean, it doesn't really make sense when you are the sole tank.  You really need someone else to be a healer.  
                My point exactly. I can either tank or heal, and on an escort map, I think a tank is slightly more of a priority to be able to stay on point.
                    A tank isn't going to heal and rez Hanzo & Pals
            While it may be a joke, this is an awesome idea. Maybe take into account how much healing someone has done and change the message accordingly.
                "We need a healer and I've never healed"
            It should just list the winrate they have with the current character. 

        I main mercy too, I have 87 hours on her. And I agree with you, some days I just wanna bap bitches with my hammer as Reinhardt. 
        I spam thanks! Since I see "we need a healer" as a volunteer call out :D
        Yesterday my friend and I joined a game as a group of 2, there was a group of 3 already in the game, all chose DPS, as did the 1 solo queuer there. So my friend goes tank and I go Zen, immediately get a message saying "Go Lucio", which I would have, but I am a horrible Lucio. My friend tells the DPS that he's welcome to go Lucio if he wants, and the guy gets super pissy, switches to Symmetra, and stays as Sym for game 2, placing a teleporter off the edge. Overwatch is sometimes not very fun, with those people on your team
        I love being mercy and the whole team freezes at choke points like the 1st part of Hollywood. They get chewed up like the opening of saving private ryan and blame the healer
        Sounds like a string of matches I had the other day. 5 Offense and Defense while I'm the only tank. Whenever I saw "We need a healer!" I said "Sounds like a volunteer!" No one switched though.

And man, I had a match the other day where 2 offense characters kept shouting at me to heal them (I was Mercy) while I was trying to keep the tanks standing on the cart alive. One actually shouted "MERCY STOP HEALING THE TANKS! " as Roadhog soaked up damage with his honey on cooldown. When there was a pause in the action I turned to the guy and put the damage boost on him instead of healing him.
        i feel ya
        Dude I hear that. It's always someone else who need to switch. The MLG pro tracer with 15 deaths when they tried to 1v5 the enemy team seems to always be the one who just wants a team of supports to heal them and gaze upon their skill. 

Pretty infuriating. Thankfully these games seem to be in the minority. 
        "Hey man, I'm just one of the six people on this team not playing healer. You want a healer so bad, play a healer."
    > I immediately got a message saying I needed to get off of widow...I was told that if I had such a problem with their comp, then I should have switched.

Wow, just, wow. I also don't understand what their logic was there.
        > I also don't understand what their logic was there 
 
If they were capable of logic, they wouldn't have bitched out OP to begin with. They're just being babies.
        [deleted] 
            You know you can type, right? I've played some games where we're getting destroyed by something easily countered by adjusting the team comp, and politely pointed it out in team chat. It actually works! Still lost, but made the other team fight hard for it and I enjoyed the game.
    Yesterday I was playing with a random group and we all went Winston. The other team obliterated us but the next game they all went Zarya. I was a lot of fun!
        We ran a six-Torbjörn meme team yesterday and somehow won.  It was excellent. 
            If your turrets are placed well, it's really hard to attack against 6 turrets. Even Reinhardt's shield just gets shredded.
                DVA+phara/hanzo/widow/junk.

Nothing counters a solid storm of projectiles better than D.Va, but it requires coordination and non-terribad aim from your DPS heroes.
                    You really just need Zarya's and D.Va's. It's really really easy. 
                    I once had a 6 Torb team where the enemy *attempted* something like this, in King's Row.

D.Va couldn't block a turret for too long because in the meanwhile at least 2 other turrets would shoot at her (also, this was before she got buffed, so no easy shields for her). If she tried to focus a turret down she could only really damage a single one before dying, which was either chalked off as a loss and instantly rebuilt or Molten Core'd. Hanzo just couldn't get a good line of sight. 

Pharah and Junkrat *could* have been problematic, but some members of my team were particularly adept at riveting enemies to death. The mix of area denial and damage from frontline Torbjorns means that they couldn't kill stuff fast enough, and when they did manage to finally break the frontline they all died to unexpected turrets that had been preemptively repositioned and molten core'd at the same time.

I swear, that game felt like I was the only one of my team not on a private chat. There was so much synchronicity among my team, it was unreal. The lack of communication on the enemy team probably helped, but still.
                    volskaya map, A objective - try fighting 5/6 trolls there. [That little fucking booth at the edge](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-F6J-TxZRMPc/V0QZrHIH5bI/AAAAAAAAAkI/pZAiuLAHsFYcSOf8q4lu3ktR6KxZfiSEQCLcB/s1600/v3.jpg). We played against 5 trolls + zen. no fucking way, you just heard the sinking discord sound and then you were dead. you literally could get 2 shots out before dying. We tried, we tried winstons, dvas, zaryas, junkrats, pharahs (in various combinations) - no dice. 
            Actually, 6 torbjorn teams always win in QP. Or better, 5 torbs and a healer. Random people just never have enough coordination to take down all the turrets. 
                I find a couple good counterpicks and its easy to destroy a 5/6 torb team. Just go junkrat/pharah with a DVa and you'll blow through them. I don't think I've ever lost to such a comp and I usually solo queue.
                    You must be playing on PC. Torb x5/x6 is a huge pain in the ass on the PS4.
                        It's because we can't aim for shit on the consoles. :(
                        Same on Xbox. Only saving grace was you can clear some of the turrets swiftly with Widowmaker or Ana, providing your team are distracting them.
                        Even after the 30% damage nerf? Turrets seem pretty easy to destroy now before they can get much damage on you. Sure they would melt you if you are getting hit by all six at once but with even a little coordination and counter picking 6 torbs should get destroyed. 

Reinhardt and D.Va are good for blocking and Pharah and Widow should be able to melt them. 
                            I should have specified that I play solo-queue where there isn't much communication. From my experience, my team either wins quickly or get decimated when the chained Molten Cores start coming. One or two Torbs aren't a problem, but the amount of coordination needed to take out a full IKEA team is way more than the amount of coordination needed on their side. 
                        I ran into a 4 or so TOrb team once. I count my blessings.  That being said, if there are turrets, I try to get a corner as Widow and pop in and out to take it out.  Goes down in 3 or so shots, iirc.  I don't know why, but it is super satisfying to take out a turret. Especially as Widow.
                Really?  TIL, I'm kind of new to this game so I wouldn't know haha
                Playing against 6 torb is an easy win... if you can coordinate. Most of the time in random qp, people will just stick with whoever and trickle in getting killed by 6 turrets. One pharah isn't enough to kill all 6 turrets.
            I've played 6 torb's on attack and absolutely shat on the other team once. 
            #MOLTEN COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE!
                The first time he said that I thought he said "CREAM CORNNNN"


            YIL 2 torb, 3 bastion, and mercy can defend volskya first cap.
            Ah yes, Dwarf fortress, always a favorite for defending Point A in Volskaya 
        attacked against a 6 reaper group on watchpoint.  it was great fun, other than hearing "die die die" every 20 seconds or so
    I joined a team as backfill and the first thing anyone said to me was "We're playing planet of the apes!"

Everyone on my team was Winston.

Everyone on the opposing team was Winston.

Shit got very weird (and fun) very fast.  We eventually won because we chained our ults perfectly to clear the point and hold them from coming through their side (in Nepal).
    People are fucking selfish and stupid. I love some of my friends, but when they've been playing DPS literally all night and then bitch when we don't have a healer or tank I can't help but laugh at them
        For sure.

"We need a healer!", "Someone go healer!"

Hey, here's a clue.  You're a person.  YOU DO IT.  


            [removed]
                Honestly, it kind of makes me wonder why we continue to design around these kinds of roles.  

There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.  Yet the *vast* majority of players don't appear to like it... so in every damn game, it's the same story.  

A bunch of people forced into a niche roll they don't want to play, simply because the meta demands it. /rant
                    Or maybe people need to learn how to support their support players. Oh you're healing me I might as well run the fuck away and leave you alone. Oh I need healing but I can't even be bothered with being in your line of sight. Here's an idea you want healers learn how to fucking play with them in the damn game you fuckin morons. /rant 

This wasn't aimed towards you just something I was reminded of after returning to the game after a week. I forgot why Imstopped playing it in the first place. 
                    >There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.

but even that is getting old. The amount of times I got shit on as a healer because I didn't heal enough. No shit Sherlock, you didn't protect your healer, what did you expect is going to happen?
                        I hear you man.  No other role in the game says "SHOOT ME" like playing support.  Against a team that knows what they're doing, you'll spend the whole match as support running for your life.  

If your own team doesn't have your back, it's a complete cluster fuck.  I've swapped off supports after being relentlessly gunned down in front of my damn team mates, who can't seem to hit the wide side of a bard and keep the flankers off me!
    I had a team of 6 torb on Hollywood defense the other day. It was so much fun. So much metal and armor everywhere. Do I want every game to be like that? No. But it is a nice break from META WIN GO GO GO.
        Are you on PC? I was in the same set up not too long ago.
            Yep, this was...Friday or Saturday? I think?
                Oh yeah, we totally could've been in the same game. That's cool.
                    Might have been. It was a fun game(maybe not for the other team). My name is the same as here, Astrower, if it ever pops up in your social feed.
                        Cool, my name is Billybobjack on there. Hope to see you around.
        so make it a custom game mode? like a perma brawl with no one hero limit, but this game is legitimately awful with hero stacking 
    > I immediately got a message saying I needed to get off of widow.

ಠ_ಠ
    I once had a guy plying widow literally try get 3 people to report me... Because I was playing widow (I really need practice, and the team was terrible). I do like picking a third character if we've already got two hanzos on attack or genjis on defence or something though. Never expect to actually do well let alone win however and don't get annoyed with anyone.
    Sounds like they didn't know there was anything wrong with their comp.
    I was solo'ing in QP and a week ago and came into a defense on King's Row. The red team: 3 Mercy's, 3 Pharrah's.

They pretty much rolled us until the last point, at which time we figured out how to stop them: 3 Winston's, a Bastion, a Mercy and a Zen. It was amazingly fun!

Or so I thought, until one of the red team repeatedly proclaimed that we, the defenders, needed to stop taking the game so seriously.

?????
    See when I see teams pick comps like that, I just lock in Smmetra and ask in team chat "We're trolling, right?".

Generally they'll be like "uh what?" Then switch to an actual comp- and I'll switch. Otherwise, I play yolo Symmetra.
    Hanzo is who I go for when it's clearly a joke match, it's crazy that they'd get mad at you for that.
    two snipers is a seriously effective casual comp. i thought otherwise and was proven wrong.
    I've had an experience like this, me and my mate were put with a group of 4. We ended up having a group of 6 tracers on lijiang tower, lost, then me and my mate get shouted at for being trolls by starting the fun comp by going double tracer. 

We ended up together again, attack on route 66 and I said "well if you think we're bad tell us what we should do" the one guy who was salty just suggested we go all symmetra, so we did, including his 3 friends, then after we lost he started getting pissy blaming us.

 It was glorious seeing his sarcastic suggestion work then make us lose, and how his friends were bagging him in chat for being too serious 
    yea, we were playing against a team of 6 as a team of 6, and we destroyed them (they were playing a serious composition too). so next game when they were attack, they picked 6 Lucios and after that switched to 6 Soldiers or something and then flamed us for being tryhards. :/
    They annoy me a bit now, mostly because I have time to play maybe 3 games after I get home before I have to go to sleep. Yesterday every server I went to was just people fucking around with joke teams like this. I know it's fun, and it was hilarious when it happened in TF2 as well, but when I go to three different servers in a row and all of them are just people fucking around, I just want to play the game.
Look at this team, we're gonna do great!

Look at this team, we're gonna do great.Look at this team, we're gonna do great.Look at this team, we're gonna do great.Look at this team, we're gonna do great.Look at this team, we're gonna do great.
    L̫͓̭̯̟o͞o̻͡k̪̖̘̮͘ͅ ̠̯̭a҉̙̠̙͙t̩̗̭̲͙ ̢̳̼̲̥̩͎ͅt̰͇̤h̞̝̘͎̝̗ḭͅs͓̭̦̘̼ ̹͍̼̳͔t͏̬̥ͅea̷̹͙͍͍̘̗͇m̞,̗͍̟̥̕ ̰̫͇͉͚̘̞w͟e'̟̞͘re͔ ̠g̨o̧̻̥͖̯̼̦̘ị̬̳̬͕̗̮ń̩͎g̤̯̭̤͎̕ ̜̹̬̭͜t͏͇̟͚ọ̰̖̟̥ d̝͔͈̻͓̺o͈̮̭̮̣̣͉ ̖̫͍͈gr̻̣̣̬͖̬ęat̩̗͎̙̕!̼͔̬
And here we see a herd of Lucio, moving through the map towards their feeding grounds on the point. The alpha male leads the way, quickly followed by his brothers. Sadly for these Lucios, the predators are already on their trail.
    Can't not read this in David Attenborough's voice.
    It's clearly a swarm. They move far too fast to be a herd.
These are kinda fun, EXCEPT WHEN IT WAS 6 PHARAS OH GOD THE HORROR THE BLOOD THE SCREAMING

JUSTICE RAINS AKAKDBSOCHSKXNS
 
I convinced a qp team to do 6 soldier 76s THAT was fun 
    I played pharah and 5 mercys one time. It was like marry poppins.
        Back when mercy could stack, we ran 5 mercy + roadhog. It was great until the genjis came out
    5 soldiers 1 Lucio has some insane damage output
    "We're all soldiers now"
    Played a team of 4 Roadhogs and two DPS on Lijiang Tower and we went up against a team full of Pharahs. They didn't last long.
    You're all soldiers now 
https://youtu.be/qiyH_Xk3mAc
    lol this killed me, thanks for sharing.  I'm glad I ventured through my inbox.
    Rise of the Planet of the Apes
        Scientists
    "Hi there!" "hi there!" "HI THERE!" "Hi there!" "hi there!" "Gday!"
    I can;t even XD
They look like kids having fun in the balls pool
    I hope you mean ball pit.. "balls pool" sends a whole other imagery to mind
        English isn't my native language so... Yea? 
            So this is an awkward ares. 'Balls' can, of ocourse, literally refer to more than one ball, as in the toy. However, it's also slang for 'testicles'. As a result, a number of places you'd expect to see the plural use the singular 'ball'. Ball pit is one of those.
                My understanding was that descriptions are usually singular, which is why it uses the singular "ball". Not that the rest of what you said is wrong though.

**Examples:**  
*Pen for horses -> Horse pen  
Lab for computers -> Computer lab*
            Oh god he actually meant the balls pool
[deleted]
    THE CONCEPT OF LOVE!
        LIKE THIS! LIKE THAT! LIKE THIS THIS LIKE THAT!
            I don't like it, at all....

I don't like it, at all.. at all...
            SHEEEEEEEE'S A MAGICAL GIRL!
Looks like Lucio ball is still alive.
    This was a triumph
Everyone runs into these fabled 6 of all one hero groups, I'd rather see these than the same stale meta team every single game.
    I wish I had your problem. 2 tanks, 2 DPS, 2 healers right? How about 4 DPS including a Widow and a Torb, a Roadhog, and you're forced into Lucio on KOTH. Or how about a Genji, Tracer, McCree, Reaper, Symmetra while you're forced into asking the best question. Do we need a healer or a tank more?

At least stacks are easy to counter and win against. You can't win against your own team
        I just lock one of my tanks and they fall in line, leadership.I think when people see the first picks as DPS they get into a bad mindset. 
            [deleted]
                Honestly, what % of the time are not the first auto-picks DPS or Ana (just cause she's still a bit new)?   I'd say from my experience, I see DPS/Ana first picks are running about 75%.  

                    I just play Ana because she's a good healer :( I dont understand the stigma with her.  If you can even vaguely aim and you focus on healing she's got healing on par with mercy, a teamfight winning ult that charges in a picosecond, decent damage, and an (albeit inconsistent) insane single target cc.
                        She definitely can be in the right hands.   I think she is most effective as a second healer w/ a Lucio/Mercy.   Her stigma comes from people playing too much offense with her vs. healing.  
                            I find like 8 or 9 darts out of a mag on average are at least AIMED at allies when I play her.  One of the funny things to me is despite being a sniper, you can just fire kinda aimlessly in to the fray sometimes and since you have 11 effective possible targets you'll usually do something.
                        A good Ana is great.  A bad Ana is almost as worthless as an afk genji
                        > I just play Ana because she's a good healer :(

Keep playing her, she is a good hero. Some people here can't accept the fact Lúcio and Mercy aren't the only viable healers anymore. 
                            I think Lucio and Zen are the big meta heroes at the moment.
                        Yeah I play Ana cause she's the only healer I can function with. Lucio all I can do is run around trying to live so that's not very entertaining, Mercy I can never get a good ult and I always die trying to support whoever it is I'm supposed to be supporting, and on Zenyatta I can't aim and I get murdered.

At least with Ana she's slightly easier to aim with than Zenyatta and I have pretty good accuracy on hitting teammates. Also grenades are really fun to work with.

edit: Forgot about arguably the best offensive ultimate in the entire game.
                        The stigma is she requires more skill than any other healer. Thus, as we must assume everyone in QP is as bad as we are, and since I can't aim worth shit, when I see ana to me it says 'well, they're going to be useless'
                FWIW-- I also "main" Mercy and Roadhog. If I hop on a team with a bunch of genjis and mcrees I'll go Roadhog, since Mercy is only fully utilized when working with characters that have a lot of health. Like, what's the point of following Tracer when she A) only has 150 health, B) is zipping around out of your range, and C) doesn't give a shit about you as a healer lol. 

You can also play the objective much better as a tank, since you just know all those DPS players are basically playing TDM. Nothing quite as sad as a lonely zenyetti on the payload (aka my Overwatch life).
                That's why you exclusively plan tank/support. Don't fill :P
                Sometimes I pick dps first to get people to pick healers/tanks and then before the game starts I switch unless we have 2 healers and 2 tanks... Which we never do 
            Leadership? Heh. For me it's usually me shouting to myself "GET BEHIND THE GOD DAMNED RECTANGLE"
                Some lead by example, others shout orders

Same result haha
        > Do we need a healer or a tank more? 
 
In my experience, the answer is usually "Zarya".
        As a healer/tank main I had the same problem. Then I realized if 5 other people aren't willing to try to play as a team, I don't have to either. So I usually play tank because I enjoy it more. 
        5 D.Va 1 Lucio on Payload attack is suffering for the defense. Just "Nerf this!" and you have to abandon the Payload _constantly_.

Try to Reinhardt and Lucio spins behind you and boops you so that the explosion hits you in the back.
            That is actually a lot harder to accomplish than you make it sound like it is, for one why is a Lucio randomly behind a Reinhardt.
        Oh my god that last line is so true
        Or how about when you're playing Ana for some fun and the rest of your team is Winston, Reaper, McCree, McCree, Mei and you ask if you can get a second healer and you get told to kill yourself for not playing Lucio despite having 6k healing
        I just pick roadhog in situations where I don't know what to pick. Almost entirely self sufficient and can dominate games solo. 
        On console this is a prevalent problem. So I made the switch to pc. Still a problem and now I have the toxic chat function. 
    The only problem is that they typically win. But it's only ever one game that they win. Because in that one game everyone's trying to figure out how to counter them and it leads to disorganization. 

But if you're doing a three-round capture point, they end up losing and falling back to this "stale meta" by the third round, because they realize they're losing. 

        Only time I ran into a stack of heros, they all spammed #dicksout before the game started, me and buddy swapped to double D.VA and they lost as horribly as the meme they were paying homage too. 

Never ran into it again, though the OP should have just lept in and killed all those Lucios since he was Winston already
            Yeah after I was done laughing I jumped in and got the POTG spamming Winston's gun.  Proud member of Team No Aim.
                Team No Aim screws Team Anime so I'll gladly be a member 
            Yeah yesterday we had a team of winstons pull that dicksout thing so we went 4 dva 2 lucio and just destroyed them. 
                Its so satisfying hearing that repeated headshot dink when as you mow down memelords
        I've never seen a stacked team win.  It's just too easy to counter-pick and destroy them.

Last time I was on a stacked team it was all 76s.  We were all soldiers that day.  We did well at first, but the other team countered and we lost.

Still was a lot of fun.
            I wish you'd been around for 6 Torbs on console.. shit was nuts. It was nearly a guaranteed win on defense every single time.
                I played against 6 defending Torbs on pc once. We all did Dva for some reason. Won solely because the amount of nukes we had.
                    Dva is naturally anti torb-turret.  She gobbles them up.
            I've won stacked teams with 76; he's probably one of the best characters to stack too, since between the 6 of them there's enough healing to partially make up for the absence of tanks.
                The main thing about a six-soldier stack is that it's based on the key part of Soldier's design: he isn't *the best* at basically **anything**... but he also isn't *bad* at anything; he's got some mobility, some sustain, some burst, some ranged precision, etc...

So stack him six times and you don't have (say in the case of six scientists, no ability to deal with range) a single weakness replicated and overemphasized.

Sure, it's stoppable, but the six-Soldier comp is a lot more solid than most of the other six-stacks because he's just a very solid character without real weaknesses (and without any special strengths, of course).
            I won with 6 bastions once, and again with 6 soldiers.


Shit was hilarious.
            We did stacked D.vas with a lucio and rolled them twice straight one time, but no, usually it doesn't work. 

It's fun as fuck though, working or not. 
    I don't know about PC, but this happens at least once a night on Xbox.  It's not so rare for us hah.  They were stomped basically immediately and then switched Heroes.
        Right, you swapped stomped and went back to normal. Interesting, maybe is more a console thing
            At least nightly, on PS4, someone will flash pick one character, to indicate they want to stack one character. If we go for it, end up dying horribly. It is almost inevitably is someone like Tracer they want to stack...
                Ouch, you have my empathy console bud
                    Yesterday on PS4 we tried to attack Dorado as 6 Mercys. We made it to the over pass before getting massacred, it was a time.
                I thought people flashed their picks to show they were willing to switch but would prefer to play the character they are stacking. 
                    Nah, a flashing pick generally stands for stacking, in my experience.  Before Torbjorn got nerfed on console you'd run into lobbies of flashing attempts to Torbstack.
    I'd give everything to be allowed just one game without at least one Genji. Don't think I've had one of those in the past 20 games at least.
    I ran into it last night, and honestly, I did not find it very fun. I will preface that I prefer to play Competitive and a major reason for that is the no hero stacking. But one of my favorite things about Overwatch is the 6v6 team aspect where everyone has a lane or a specialization to work for. But when you're against a 6-stack, it might as well just be Team Deathmatch since any target or kill is interchangeable. 
    competitive is just pathetic with McCree, Lucio, Zenyatta then a few other characters to fill gaps while much of the roster is never pick tier.

with only 22 characters that can only be played one way, multiple picks of characters are the only way to diversify and create different strategies for different team compositions.
    I played with a team of all tracers with me as Lucio. 

We wrecked that board almost instantly.  
I played a game with all Reinhardts on Gibraltar the other day, it was one of the most fun matches I've played yet.
A C C E L E R A T E 

C

C

E

L

E

R

A

T

E
Lol i just watched my boyfriend play against a team of all symmetra on attack. Almost all of then switched off when they realized they weren't getting anywhere.

I also watched him play a match where he was defending and his entire team was playing as torbjörn. Well the entire enemy team played as D.VA right from the start, and his team ended up getting destroyed.
    6 Toblerones was a brutal pick on console until the nerf. You could do just as well on attack as defense. 
        6 Roadhogs is a party when you steal each others' hook victims
            Set them up in a zig zag pattern so hooked player has maximum WTF before going back to spawn. 
                Lol. That would be crazy to experience 
            I like the multi roadhog setup just to pull them off a map. 
        I'm going for the Toblerone. 
    I played on a team of all Sym and we microwaved everyone to hell and back. It was beautiful.

I think its about 50/50 re: win rate? You still have to know how to play the character, after all.
Well.. "this team is gonna do great!"

*I'll see myself out now..*
Current "Skate" of Quick Play 
It's not the current state, it has always been the state.
[deleted]
    Ehhh... I enjoy it. It doesn't happen every match so I get some more legit games in but I like the occasionally mix of let's do something silly and sometimes it forces me to play characters I don't do. I never play Hanzo and got a little practice in last night when the team decided to go all Hanzo. If it gets to be too much I drop out and find another match where people are a little more serious. 

Then I get some kid screaming how our team is worthless while I'm the only one on the point and he's off chasing a tracer halfway across the map and long for an all Symmetra match.
I went up against 6 D. Va's and I swear there isn't a counter for it. Our Zarya sucked so we were screwed lol. 
    Psst, Reinhardt.
I did 5 Reapers and a Lucio last night on Nepal. Won the first round, lost the second and switched to 5 Roadhogs and a Lucio for round 3, which we won. Good times. 
    5 Roadhogs + healer is so hard to deal with. Once they all have ult charge if they sync up you just can't get to the point haha!
        I've found that Bastion is a decent counter for Roadhog if you can stay alive.  His turret form puts out enough damage to eat through RH's heal and the huge hitbox means he's easy to target.  Just need to watch out for his hook.
            He can easily hook you though. 
                Depends on positioning and how well everyone is keeping an eye on all possible routes in your direction. Bastion's "murder everything" range is higher than Roadhog's hook range.
                reinhardt shield to protect the bastion
            Yeah the problem is you're immobile when you go into turret and then any of them hooking you means you die 100% of the time
        A team did that to us last night on Ilios well.  I played as Zarya, we had a reaper, mei, lucio, D.va and a few others.  We completely wrecked the team of Roadhogs.  I kept putting my Zarya ult, and the reaper did his die, die, die.  A lot of bacon was made.
        I've seen a stack even worse. 5 d.va's one lucio.

that was hell.
            Zarya gotta be the way out, but sheesh.
                we tried it, they were far too well organised for that they all just focused fire on us one at a time.
    I've always wanted to do the 4 Reinhardt + 2 Lucio "World's Fastest Regenerating Wall of Precision German Engineering". I don't think it would do well once people react, but it would be a whole lot of fun for a couple of minutes. 
        Junkrat could shut that down 
    I played on a team a couple days ago with five junkrats and a lucio. We completely destroyed the other team and they got super tilted. It was so much fun
Recently I had teams where everyone was Mei, Hanzo, Bastion, and two matches Symmetra...

Met surprisingly we did pretty good except one person kept intentionally blocking our own team from getting out of spawn (Nepal). The one map with the small capture point in the room with two entrances is pretty easy to fend of with 5 or 6 Mei. Icewall coming up!

We didn't do too well with Hanzo but I don't ever play him so it was fun.

Baston we got run over.

Symmetra, I mostly play Symmetra anyway... but I don't think I've ever had as many eliminations as Symmetra than one of those matches.... so many turrets... you get an elimination! you get an elimination! Everyone gets an elimination! 

Welcome to the off-season, where the rules are made up and the points don't matter.
I would love a Quick-Play option to play with the 1 character Limits similar to Competitive.

I love Quick-Play because its just mindlessly playing the game with out trying 100% to win... Its Casual fun and its what i enjoy in games, and i can't get mad at the people running 6 of the same Hero... They are trying to have fun also...

It just annoys me when like 90% of my games are people going all Tanks and/or DPS classes its normally really annoying to kill them or you're just stomping them making it a bore...
    I would also like this.  I don't play competitive because the games are too long which makes getting shit teammates that much more frustrating.  Maybe I'll give it a shot this next season.  It looks like they cut out some of the bullshit.
The real problem is that everyone uses Offensive heroes but totally sucks at them. One match I played Zenyatta and I got more kills than all other offensive heroes together..-.-
    I hate that! Everyone insta-locks and I am forced to play support then it turns out they all suck donkey dicks at dps. I usually let them know I am changing because I am better dps than them honestly. Every once in a while I get acknowledged and they turn to support. Not often though.
Boyband simulator 2016.
So, who won?
    We did.  A lot of people in here seem to think the Lucios managed to cap that point.  Nah lol...right after the gif ends and we all stopped laughing (hence my pause) we team killed them in about 3-5 seconds.
        Ah, you have made one Mercy very happy.
Yea we need ranked to come back xD
This six second gif sums it up like nothing else could. 
The best part about the video is after they skate through the choke you make a slight movement toward the objective as if you want to leap in, then you just stop and stare in awe instead.
Played against 6 Dva's today. My entire team gave up before it even started. so many shields. so. many. shields.
The only time I saw an enemy 6 stack was 6 Winstons on Hanamura. We didn't switch heroes to counter them, we decided to just outplay them instead. They barely got the first point in time, and after a grueling battle we managed to defend the second point. It was a legitimately fun match!
The popular opinion seems to be that QP is awful right now, but I've gotten my most amazing teams since season 1 ended. 
Faced a team of all D.Vas and Lucio on Numbani, so I decided at that moment it was time to learn Zarya.
The terrifying hellscape that is the off season
we just need ANOTHER game mode, leave quickplay to the team stackers and the "we just wanna have fun" crowd, add an unranked game mode that mirrors competitive so people can practice without killing rank, and then competitive
I stopped playing. I'm catching up on other games before the next season starts. Once season 2 is out, I'll come back immediately, but QP is a waste of time because it's constantly stuff like this gif. It's actually been really nice, I've caught up on a lot of games that I've been meaning to finish and I don't really feel like I'm missing out on anything.
ITT: Reasons why we need that 'single hero limit' game mode. 
This is why OW lost a large chunk of its player base after the end of the first season.
    After playing nothing but competitive, going to quick play was such night and day originally. No one using mic, no one switching appropriately, and multiple heroes everywhere.

When I went against multiple Tracers on a KotH, and multiple D.Va's to hold the last point on Hanamura, I told myself I'd be content just waiting for S2 to start up. At most I launch the game every now and then to play a bot game and practice heroes I don't normally play, but it's not serious enough that I'd install or fool with the PTR so I'll just wait.
        At least PC people have the PTR as a backup plan. Us here on console  have quick play or GTFO
            PTR is still just quick play with some balancing changes. It's barely better than regular quickplay. (unless you play the 24/7 Eichenvalde).
        And reading all of the other comments in this post makes me sad, because it's just more people condoning this dumb cheesey behavior whilst we don't get a game mode for rankless play of what they keep balancing the game around. It's ridiculous.
            I mean, it's fine that Quick Play doesn't have hero limits. More power to people doing the dumb strats and having fun. However, Blizzard should have at least included an unranked competitive equivalent in between seasons to compensate. Almost all competitive players are playing PTR Comp play right now, which should be a hint... 
what do you mean "current state" it's always been this way
Oh this looks like it'd be an extra quick game...
    Speed boost!
I went up against 6 mei's.. boy was that game close (they kept putting up walls around the objective and triple teaming anyone trying to get by) eventually we switched to pharah and took them out, but moving the payload was even a tougher task
Sometimes these comps can be fun to play against, sometimes they are the worst. Take for example a 6 D.Va defense. Oh, the horrors of that match.
Yesterday I played with a few friends and we had a tribute game to Harambe where we all played Winston.
"And then they all lost"

- logical conclusion of this gif
Speeeeed BOOST!
and of course your team has 2 McCrees and 2 snipers. What was the last guy?

I think they misunderstood 2/2/2
    Pretty sure I saw a Torb turret.
You know, at least when you're in a team of all same heroes you understand they're doing it for fun and you're not too mad. But when they actually play shit and matches like the one @ElementB described happen it really ruins the fun. What's the point in playing if you keep losing and losing and losing thanks to idiots that only use offense heroes and are hella racist when you choose a character they don't like.
I keep playing the game because it's fun and sometimes, VERY RARELY, you get good teams of chill people but as things are right now quick play is seriously broken and boring.
aaaand rounds done...
That should have been a very fast game since you where playing winston.
The best feeling is when you stomp an all for one cheese team and they start panicking at the last seconds and they realize that they've wasted all their time and can't win, so they try to play other heroes like it'll magically get the payload to the goal in 30 seconds.
It's funny how much worse quick play has gotten since the first competitive season. I still have friends that get online and we do quick play and they are trying to treat it like competitive, getting mad when we don't have good comps.... I'm like wtf do you expect, just play what you want and have fun
Oh, yeah, I see the problem.

Your team had /two/ snipers! No wonder you can't contest the point!
Why, why do I hear the Daffy Duck laugh when I watch those Lucios jumping around on the payload?!
As a Winston man, that stack of Lucio's all grouped together look absolutely delicious.
I hate when a lobby turns into 'counter the counter'. Had a game where enemy team was 5 Tracers and a Lucio. Swapped 2 of us to Winston and wrecked. They all go Reaper. We get a couple Pharahs. They get Soldiers. (All the while of course pro genji is complaining we aren't doing our job.)
I played a game on Hollywood and my whole team picked winston after I did, I thought 'well fuck'. Turns out their whole team was mei and it was the funniest shit. We won but it was tough as they kept spamming their ultimate at the final checkpoint lol.
Why I only play PTR competitive.   QP is a joke....
The best part is Winston stares in horror as they jump around like tiny circus people.
This is why I took a break until competitive comes back.  Its been a total shit show lately, and the novelty of meme comps wears off quick.
I played one of these last week. I just sat up high and watched our Reinheart have the time of his life.
OP obviously referring to the widowmaker that can't hit shit.

    literally 80% of console widows
You just let them take the objective?
I hate quick play because of stuff like this...but not gonna lie...looks pretty fun.
I was on Hanzo on Route 66 (defense). Get to the other team's spawn, sonic arrow the door... and see 6 Genjis on the other team. Everybody on my team just goes, "Are they all Genji?" I never play Hanzo, so it was just total luck that we found that out before the match lol
Unrealistic, I don't see any Hanzo in there.
I play against 6 bastions all the time on Xbox!
*sigh*
On the one hand this is annoying as heck.
On the other this *is* quick play. And with Comp not up...

6 Soldier: 76es... That's my answer.
I did this on Hanamura (kept getting dropped into a team where one person wanted us all to be the same hero). Except I was the only Lucio who sped through onto the point.

The other team kept shit talking us so I switched to D.va and won.
I don't like the unlimited hero pool of qp, but i also don't want to spend 30 per match in competitive
They should make a "Party Play" mode to encourage people that just want to play around with funny set up to go to that mode.
The game was wonderful in the high 50's rank (and probably well beyond that too). People communicate in voice chat, call out flankers, and there is always someone willing to pick support - usually even 2 supports. Then I queue quick match with friends who do not play ranked, and it says "group rating 35" - Genji... Genji everywhere. No one heals, or groups up, or pushes the payload, or stands on the point in overtime. 

I'm glad the ranking system changed, because if I dropped down to that on my own, I'd stop playing until season reset. It's like 2 different games.

I have met a few self proclaimed "70+ rank" people who are absolute egotistical shit-stains, and it reminds me so much of Leauge of Legends. I really hope the community doesn't become that. They're probably all Bronze, just making it up.
Luci-oh no
Ah, the majestic migration of the Lucios.
Never has there been so much truth
its true
I feel bad for that widow maker lol 
I love this gif, all the lucios crossing and the scientist not bothering to go there like "oh crap, not this shit again". 
Who let the dogs out who who who who?
this is what quickplay should be about :D the problem only comes up in between season's when comp players have nowhere to go. Perhaps a pre-season gamemode where you play comp without the ranking, so serious players have a place to practice proper games. Leave QP for the crazy people :D they need a place to hang out, or they'll find other ways to have fun in your serious games, and chances are you won't like that either.

Amazing the difference no comp makes. I didn't do Comp last season but noticed that as soon as it started, QP was actually a lot more civilised and there was very little of this sort of thing. Games were fun without being stupid gimmick matches.
    Yeah, now that you mention it, when I get on a cheese team, it's usually people that when you complain they tell you that it's only QP and to stop being a try-hard. I think they are comp players who just came to QP to fuck off which is annoying to people who take QP at least semi-seriously.
    [deleted]
    This is why we need an off-season ranked mode. Everything remains exactly the same except there's no rank. This should alleviate the issues we're seeing with QP while giving pro players a proper game mode to practice in between seasons. 
I am 110% over hero stacking. I'm just done with it end of discussion. Take it out entirely. I know the pros and cons and yadda yadda. I know Blizzard likes (or at least used to like) to say it's a part of the game and you should strategize for it. It was funny for a bit and still can be when your team does it. But it's just not fun to play against. When you just want to play the damn game and end up on Anubis against 6 Symmetras, it's frustrating to say the least. At times it makes me want to uninstall the game. Not everyone wants to play ranked and no one - no one *I* know anyway - wants to play against gimmicky stack comps.
That would be a nightmare to play against. They would keep running around like their Sanic or something and you can never land a shot on them. 
    Mei.
        Winston
            No kidding. Watching that video I was just thinking "looks like fun as Winston".
                With that many Lucios though, I don't think he can out dps their healing
                    Lucio Healing doesn't stack though, does Winstons dps lower if its spread out?

Edit: Clarified names
                        Oh possibly not, I'm not really sure for lucio.

I only know ana/Zen doubling up, since you can only have one HoT Harmony or one HoT dart at a time. (though you can have dart AND Harmony, just not 2 harmony)
                            Lucio healing definitely doesn't stack. 
        Roadhog
        Yeah...no
    Junkrat
        As a frequent Lucio player, Junkrat's trap is the bane of my existence.
            >get trapped

>shit shit shit

>amp it up on CD

>look around nervously

>Junkrat comes into doorway with shit eating grin on his face

>desperately try to hit him with Jell-O shot cannon

>take 5 nades to the face

>Reinhardt spams I need healing 
            Yup. I offered that suggestion out of practical experience as a Lucio support main. :)
            As a frequent Overwatch player, Junkrat's trap is the bane of my existence!
    Sanic the Hadgehag
    Torbjorn. Really, it happened to me. Me and my friend were full TOrb, and the attacking team went full Lucio. They quickly changed to full D.Va if I recall correctly. Was one of my most fun matches.
    Rein. Just keep swinging and you'll hit one (eventually).
Blizzard please give us a comp like mode....

I love that you can almost hear the facepalm when the Winston pauses. The forlorn sigh hangs in the air like stale flatulence. 
A group of randoms I played with recently and I all picked Winston. It was tons of fun (heh), and we won.
It's not even fun to win against teams like this. And certainly not fun to lose against cheese. I always just feel like it's a waste of time. And it doesn't help that the people who always do this sort of thing are never nice people. 
    Enemy team if you lose against them:

"LOL YOU SUCK L2P/UNINSTALL RETARD"

Enemy team if you win against them:

"Meh we weren't even trying you tryhard faggots"

You can't fucking win against these people.


    I've done it and played against it. frustrating, hell yeah. Fun absolutely,  have you ever heard  a full team of d.va fighting... so much fucking winky face.... it's hilarious, then nuke after nuke. And the fact that no one can do damage since Def. Matrix is always on. Longest bist one of the finest match of my life.  QP is made to have fun and go easy. If I want to mess around,  then I'll mess around.  That's what comp is for. Trying and now that I can Take a break from it,  I will
Yup. Your only options are to install PTR and play there... OR go out and buy WoW. I'm thinking this interminable delay was planned in order to encourage people to backslide, buy a month of WoW subscription, buy the xpac, decide it suxx then back to Overwatch on the 6th.  
    Actually, I'm pretty sure I've read that Blizzard staggers big game updates so that one game doesn't steal another's thunder, so you're not wrong.
        I'm pretty sure Blizzard times open Betas to coincide with rival games within the same genres, so yeah, you wouldn't be far from the truth.

It happened with Battleborn and Overwatch's 243rd beta.

It happened with several Final Fantasy XIV patches although it clearly never worked out for them.

I'm not really into StarCraft 2 or Diablo but I wouldn't be surprised to see some correlations with those as well.

Not that there's anything wrong with it. Pretty smart strategy.
            I remember eariler this year, when *Bethesda* tried to rival Blizzard with a DOOM open beta. Against the Overwatch open beta.

Obviously, they lost.

And if you were around for the DOOM open beta, it was by a goddamn landslide.
I stopped playing. Solo queuing in this game is a misery.
They need to implement the 1 hero limit in quick play. I don't care if it means that all the weeaboos drop the lobby so they can play Hanzo, playing against stacked Lucios, D.vas and Reinhardts is just infuriating.
We call this strat "Fun"
    That's subjective.
LETS BREAK IT DOWN!
I was on Nepal with a group of randoms. No one wanted to heal, no one wanted to tank. I decided not to heal because clearly no one cares (I actually 'main' healing).

The other team had 3 healers, so we could easily win if anyone changed heroes to counter them – I couldn't because I was busy healing. We won (miraculously) the first round without a healer, we lost the second one and we were losing the last one. I decided to change to Lucio because, well, we could actually win, but a Soldier started spamming I need healing with me standing right next to him... I asked him to stop spamming and he just intensified it. 

I said 'fuck it', went back to spawn, changed to Torbjörn, dropped my turret in a cheap position, got into the point and dropped infinite amounts of armour due to all the fresh corpses and we actually got a Team Kill and proceeded to win the match.

That's QP for ya.
I like your speechless reaction
you be like "Wait, what did i just see ?"
6 v 6 junkrat is the best setup you can do
Ah yes, quick play, where players pick Winston.
    Winston is actually quite good.  Have a watch.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1o48miNMMM4

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwLaLOk6hC4
    Best way to deal with Symetra's turrets and Tracer really.
[deleted]
If they really did add the 1 hero limit to QP, it would only be fair that they add another mode that allows infinite hero stacking as it does now.
Same hero team comp is so fucking stupid...
Christ, competitive season two can't come soon enough.

Not because I'm interested in playing it. God, no. So that everyone who's moaning about people not having fun *their* way can go back to having fun their way.
Pretty much. While playing as these teams might be fun, playing against them is pretty annoying because it usually involves your team going "all counters" and then maybe the enemy team goes "all counters to your all counters" and it's just like, the most drag out annoying thing ever.

I'd say no more than 3 of the same hero, anything else is excessive and just not fun (IMO) and if that's what you want to do, play custom matches. Alternatively, make an "Unranked Play" that uses Competitive's ruleset and game style but doesn't have a rank attached to it. 
The worst part is that they probably won that round hahaha
My Roadhog senses are tingling.
Pretty much.  The one I seem to come across a lot are teams of DVas + 1 other.  
Two days back me and a friend of mine played a match with 5 zen and 1 rein on Route 66 defense. Didn't matter what the enemy picked, they got melted almost instantly, and anytime they began to have any sort of an edge, one of our zens would go enlightenment mode.

Good times.
Tried a 5 D.Va 1 Lucio comp with my friends today. Enemy was super confused but we got squashed anyway. We still won by changing our comp to normal tho.
Well the enemy had Winston so 
Almost as fun as the 4 tracer, 1 torb, 1 bastion comp I ran the other day.
Faced off with six Symmetras last night. So many sentries...
Don't worry, as soon as his speed boost gets nerfed, this will never happen again! ^\/s
I played with these guys last night on Numbani. Fastest cap ever.
Its that or people with stacks that miss competitive working super hard to win. (I have nothing against it)

The only problem is that I solo queue a lot and most of the times my team is just playing for fun, trying new heroes and the opposite team is a 4 stack with 2 healers. :/
The only full team comp like this that I have no idea how to counter nowadays is 6 D.Va. What the fuck do you even do against that? I suppose 5 Reapers and a Lucio might work.
    Zarya destroys dva.
        Ahh see that didn't even occur to me because I'm terrible with Zarya.
    I played against that a little while ago, mei was probably the best possible counter, constantly freezing who ever gets close, and the near constant ults were constantly blocked by my walls, the explosion got me once because they had 2 ults go off before my cool down was done.
    Anyone with beam weapons that go through the matrix. Zaray, Mei, Winston.
    Zarya, Mei, Winston, and Junk Rat.
rush b
6 tobs on defense is usually hilarious.
    I'm all about fin and I still hate you for this 
If you are going to do a funny comp, then you have to commit to it.  Played against 5 Junkrats and 1 Widow on Gibraltar.  We had their counter and pushed the payload to the last point, then they pulled out the torbs and bastions.
I played against a team of 6 Anas the other day. Just endless purple streams and Nanoboosts. We also did the 6 Lucios once on Ilios, we lost but we made Overtime last forever.
AW LETS BREAK IT DOW-DOWN-DOWN-BREA-DOWN-AW-DOWN
IT'SAAAAA STAAAMPEEEDDEE!
I just had a game of 6 bastions on defense, followed by the same team playing all as winston on attack... When do we get competitive back again?
    September 6th, otherwise right now in the PTR.
        I was joking around, I already know. But thanks anyway haha
Im sure it will settle back out after competitive comes back.
I want this with sound! :D
Does Lucio healing stack with multiple Lucio?
    Nope!
Hahahaha. I would've laughed my ass out and played along
strange... all im seeing is 5 genjis and one lucio. 
The Widowmaker and Hanzo on your team confirms it

edit: and two McCrees
They look like cockroaches, skating over the courtyard like that
One of the many reasons I quit Overwatch until Season 2. But when it comes out, I'll probably be so damn rusty, so I guess I have to hit PTR until then, which will stop me from getting all those juicy lootboxes and stuff. Why can't we have our own tryhard place?
A U D I O M E D I C
Maybe they didn't have enough Lucioball
I'm pretty torn up about multiple heroes in quick play. On one hand - I've been with friends and we've done like 6 Di'Va strats and shit and it's a good laugh, on the other hand sometimes you get an enemy team that goes 6 of something and you stomp them, or they stomp you, and you feel it's a waste of time. Sometimes you also get that instance where you have like 3 people who refuse to switch off Hanzo/Genji and you're annoyed at them. 

It's hard to tell whether the no hero limit is a good thing or bad thing at the moment. 

Blizz have already demonstrated that they feel like the most balanced (strategically varied, etc.) way of playing is one-hero limit, due to it returning to S2. We also know heroes have been balanced based on stacking (Winston shield nerf), which means Blizz is currently balancing on two different fronts which means that quick play balance will adversely affect comp balance. 

I don't like that QP is so different to comp because I have a friend who reacts really poorly in competitive situations, but I like having a balanced game. Currently because my friend really doesn't want to dive in competitive (and let me be real here - I have seen them in competitive situations and I don't want to deal with that either) I have to put up with these crappy situations. 

It'd be good to have "unrestricted" be another game mode (along with Brawl) so silly matches can still happen, but then you risk one pool being much larger than the other and making the other pool useless. 

I dunno. 
Low level quick play is nothing like this, normally teams are stacked on one side. I'm level 17 and one game I was the highest level and the lowest level on the other side was 25, someone was even level 70
From the other perspective, the competitive players are spoiling QP idiosyncratic fun.
Hey guys wouldn't it be funny if... No. 
We did a double Reinhard, double Ana comp last night. Worked like a charm 😁
lmao
I've said for a while now that hero limits need to be implemented in QP.  Like 2 of the same/team.  I'm so sick of running into 6 dvas, 6 torbs, 6 symmetras.  The first time it was kinda silly, now it's just old.
Meanwhile on ptr there is nothing but tryhards
This is why I love Overwatch.
**WOOOOO JACKPOT**
[Have some appropriate music.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7O91GDWGPU)
Oh wow I think I was on your team during this!
I prefer the "All D.Va" teams or "All Soldier 76." 

Mainly because I am usually on them, and it is a hilarious curb stomp. Why Quick Play still allows stacking like this is beyond me.
this reminds me of that scene in the mighty ducks 3 when they're all roller blading to their new school 
you're complain about qp? thats my comp matches. "Oh, you're picking Mccree, okay. Hanzo on attack too? alright must be good. And now theres a widowmaker... can we atleast get a healing... ZENYATAAAAAA

A friend of mine did this on PC, was EPIC. dozens of enviro-kills, because that is all you can score. 
    It's pretty hard to score a kill when your damage is not enough and Lucio can just climb back(unless unlucky).

We were fighting over 40 minutes. Score was 0%-0%
        Should make a pact where everyone goes down to the well and you are not allowed up before you are the last man standing.
            The entire battle takes place in the well. I like it. 
                BATTLE WELL! Twelve Lucios enter, one Lucio leaves!
                    [sounds like fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18tXcMDEsL4#t=1m30s)
                        That actually looks terrifying. Not just for the people in the well, but the onlookers as well.
                            It sounds terrifying too. Like a never-ending wave of RIP tires.


                                https://youtu.be/lPwlfbeQOBg?t=285
                        Video with some more info: https://youtu.be/_Ky8RyQ7GJU
                        At the end of the video I realized that the drivers seat is on the right side of that car! How did he keep it going while he was out the window?
                    THUNDER~~DOME~~WELL
                        [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0353 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48132)
                    New brawl mode: the floor is lava. 
                    The rest are respawning.
                    how can there be twelve lucios when max player count is 7. The other team + me as lucio playing objective
                    Battle Roy-Well?
                    The Shooter version of the Ring
                [A dramatic reenactment](https://youtu.be/3knv3epLtE4?t=2m29s)
                > The entire battle takes place in the well.

I totally read this as "bake sale."
                New weekly brawl: Lucio wall duels. 
Other than a platform to start from, the entire map is over a bottomless pit and you have to wall-ride the whole time. Make it happen.
                    I'm on it. 
            something like the bation/mercy game in this video. 

https://youtu.be/H66vEu4qqeE?t=2m35s
                It's like cockfighting
                that is amazing, Blizzard needs to make a brawl, Mercy only, with a larger hole, with many targets around the outside which can be flown to.
            https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-kXm_KzhRE
                >[**3 Bikes crash inside steel ball( Globe Of Death cage stunt) [0:46]**](http://youtu.be/K-kXm_KzhRE)

>>3 bikes collide at the very top of the round cage they were performing in.

> [*^Michael ^Muller*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw_tP2vh-6CF7_cOZGIRmBw) ^in ^Sports

>*^195 ^views ^since ^Mar ^2016*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
            Well, that needs to be a weekly brawl right there. 
            It's all fun and good until that one dick switches to D.Va and flushes the toilet with a well placed boost. 
            This kinda crap is what brawls should be.
        That sounds epic haha
        i've tried 6v6 lucio with a group of friends on koth and it was impossible to kill anyone. definitely needs to be a map with boop potential like well but even then i don't think we were ever able to take the point.  
        Well, he can climb back up that well unless you're McCree and throw a flash bang at him... if he's close enough. 
        I've played that same match before. 
I played in a 6v6 mei only random game.   That was such a clusterfuck but I couldn't stop laughing .
What needs to happy is all 12 of you agree to fight in the well wall riding anyone that leaves the well has to kill himself. 
    How dare you tell me what needs to happy. 
I've done plenty of 6 reaper, 6 lucio, 6 pharah, etc. and occasionally the enemy team will match, or do 6 of their own.

But I'm still waiting for the day I get to play 6 vs. 6 Rein. Where is the brawl, ITS MOFUCKIN HAMMER TIME!
A group of 6 Winston's nearly decimated my team in anubis. We were defending. Managed to win, but it went to overtime. They switched to a dva/Winston combo partway through. 
    1-2 Reapers counters the Winston Comp.
        Also, a Bastion or two could probably kill all of them.

Source: Was on a team of 6 Winstons.
            Played against 6 wins tons as bastion, had 40k damage
            Then the Winstons change to D.Va and Bastions fun is over
        This always happens for me:

Go 6 genji

Enemy team counters with Winston

We counter with Reaper

Teams revert to standard dps/tank/healer set-up
        Not when they work as a team. 6 barriers in a small area means they rarely even took damage (while the barriers were active) 
            3 barriers up at a time and just rotate the cooldown.

Anyone have the math for this?
                600 damage per barrier. 1800 for three. So three to four seconds of Bastion fire.
                    Seems perfectly acceptable to do two bastions to cut that to 2 seconds of concentrated fire.
        + Zen and game over man. 
    We thought maybe waiting to ULT all at the same time would get for us at the end.  That was a fun game though.  After the failed team primal rage we switched it up.  

Edit: I suppose it was possible it wasn't the same game, but I'm pretty sure I was on team winston for the game you're talking about.
    Zarya/Winston combo would probably wreak havoc. Anytime someone is Winston on my team, I'm choosing zarya.
When did you guys do this? I did this with my group of 6 around two or three weeks ago
    It was earlier, so it wasn't us.
I had the same game. Eventually we all went Winston, then all Junkrat, then some other shit. It was hilarious.
    yes i had the same, that was the best night of overwatch ever 
I was in a match like this and it lasted twenty minutes before both teams realized this wasn't funny anymore, and one elected to throw the game.
I think I was there! Eventually, it just devolved into people jumping into the well, sliding on the sides, and trying to knock each other down it.
I did that with a group of people too, it was by far the funniest thing i've experienced playing this game. Laughing uncontrollably just running around speed boosting jumping wall riding forever.
Same thing 12 Lucio game but it was on King's Row now that was an enternity

Same, but on the Nepal map with the pit next to the point.
You guys should have all wall rode in the well so it's like those coin deposit spinning donation collectors at the mall 
I really want to have one of these games now
I played in a similar situation,but we all picked junkrat... The whole map was full of explosives xD
We encountered a 6 lucio team once, i took zarya and teammates took junkrat and mcree, was also on ilios well, blob em up with ult, and let junkie and mcree handle them.
>Shoot everyone in the back and cap point one


Heh, nothin personnel, kid...

>Teleports behind u and shots u
    Is that a thing now? Writing "personnel" instead of "personal"? I've seen it a bunch of times after the original post where it was an actual misspelling.
        [Its a reference to a meme.](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/coldsteel-the-hedgeheg)
            Huh, I guess it wasn't that originnel then.

Thanks for clearing that up!
    psssh...
That usually goes like this: Team of 6 Reapers wraiths to the point. 4 of the Reapers have no idea what they are doing, and die a horrible lonely death trying to figure out how to get the kill. The other two Reapers focus in on a tank, only to get iced by the tanks' teammates, who they thought were off being murdered.  
    I never said it was consistent
To be fair, it isn't difficult to win in under 2 minutes with a real comp on the 2cp maps.
So many boops!
I'm not hearin that noise
    Something something tinnitus
        Mawp.  Mawp.
            Hey. Hey Sianmink. Hey, /u/Sianmink.
        AMP IT UP!
            PUSH OFF...
Can't stop won't stop!
Ohh this is our jam!
Ohh this is our jam!
Luci-o's cereal box motto
Yea, my favorites are when we all agree to some silly 5-man or 3/3 on a king of the hill, lose the first round (but have fun), then switch to something more reasonable for the second round or another ridiculous combo that's slightly better
    Its a nice break during longer sessions thats for sure. 
    I had a game once where we were a 4-man party that got together with a 2-man party. They both picked Genji (y'know, Quickplay), so to joke around all of us picked Genji as well. We were able to take the point and then the enemy team came back AS 6 WINSTONS. So we all traded to Pharah.

The entire round was the two teams trying to outsmart each other with hero counters. It was glorious.
        I'm trying to picture six Winstons vs six Genjis. Couldn't the Genjis just snipe the shit out of the Winstons? Unless the Winstons were smart with their barrier timing, I guess. 
            Winston is pretty much the counter to Genji
    I like picking Torbjorn on control sometimes just for fun. If we lose the first round I switch to something more useful and we usually win the other two rounds. I give credit to my tactic of making the other team think my team is bad, thus giving them over confidence. I really got to rub it in one time when we got stomped in the first round and a few players decided to trash talk us. The following two rounds we just massacred them (they didn't even take the point). Oh boy you better believe the smack talk was real after we won.
        I prefer the more annoying symmetra on control. And put her turrents spaced out all over the point. So if you turn to shoot one, three more are shooting at you in random locations... You have to constantly build them, but it is fun to see if they go after your turrets or the other players on your team. Needs a good team and a junkrat tire can screw you over, but it's is good fun for quick play.
    One time my group went for an army of 76's on Lijiang tower for the first round. We got our asses handed to us. Then we went to a normal comp and wiped the fucking floor with the enemy team. It's great.
I ran a match yesterday where I was tank and everyone else was dps on an escort mission. One of the guys kept spamming we need a healer the entire match. Then, after we lost, he messages me saying I should have switched to healer since we needed a healer not a tank.

If you are going to spam we need a healer, you should be willing to take the hit and be a healer. I main Mercy and sometimes I just don't feel like healing and getting bitched at when I don't heal immediately.
    That's when you switch to Roadhog and tell them you have a gold in healing. 
        The one man apocalypse. He has damage, tankiness, and healing in one fat package. 
            And he's ready to go WWHHHHOOLLLE HOGGGG (best OW voice line)
                BWUR HUR HURR HAW HARR HURR HAWRRRR!
        I got a gold medal in healing as Mei one time. Just chillin 
        yass
    This. I absolutely hate playing support but I will fill if we need a healer. The whole match my team is spamming I need healing meanwhile completely ignoring the genji and tracer who wouldn't let me out the spawn. So I said fuck it, they can't be asked to help me why should help them. I went mcree and God himself came to earth and we somehow won. I leave immediately after the win to avoid having the same team. The next game I got into put me on the opposite team of the guys I was just playing with. I went mcree again and t bagged the fuck out of all of them when I killed them. Nothing better than vigilante justice lol
        lol

It drives me nuts when I play Mercy and I usually end up with a Tracer, Hanzo, or Genji targeting me. If I'm spamming "Group Up" as Mercy, it's typically because I'm running for my life and I'm trying to get anyone to look in my direction and come help. Especially if we're on defense and I have a long walk if I die.

The number of people who just won't come to help but are the first ones to spam need healing after I die is insane.
            They have all the time in the world to spam I need healing but can't be bothered to look behind them and help me with flankers. The worst part is when you spot someone trying to sneak around and your team will just ignore him because they don't want to run away from the choke point or they dont feel like chasing. Then the same player is usually the same guy that kills you immediately and wipes the whole team.
                Exactly.

Yes, I might have a handgun as Mercy, but it does shit damage. Besides, is it really worth everyone's time for me to stop healing? Or would you rather take the 10 seconds to come help me?
                    This is why I always try to help the Mercy as soon as I hear "I'm under attack!" or if she's healing me as soon as i see her life getting hit from sources not in front of me. Sometimes it results in a Mercy that will try to pocket me for the rest of the match which is a bonus.
                        Ya, help me out of a jam, keep an eye on me, or say "Thanks!" whenever I heal/rez you and I will probably give you more attention.

And I think most people who main as a healer are like this.
            Speaking as someone with over a hundred hours of Tracer time (yeah... it took me a while to realize hero switching is a thing. Zarya and Mercy are slowly catching up), I feel really bad for players like you.

Legit I once apologized to a Mercy player after a game. I spent the whole game harassing the poor girl and never giving her a moment of peace. Her team didn't once come to help her at all. Credit where it's due, she never once changed and even managed to get a kill on me when I got clipped by a Pharah missle and her pistol did the rest.

But still the amount of kills I've gotten off Mercy's, Ana's and the more less mobile tanks because DPS decided I could be ignored is a bit comical.
                Someone on my team decided to actually heal for once, so I played JR for a bit of mindless fun. Their team couldn't even get past the first chokepoint and I trapped and killed mercy a few times. I apologized to her and said "I hate harassing healers, so few people actually play support."
                I feel like it goes all or nothing with teammates and a harassing tracer. Either everyone ignores her,  or you've got entirely too many people chasing after her. I think I once saw her playing pied piper to a roadhog, torb,  and a lucio IIRC, none of whom are particularly effective counters in that situation.
                    You're not wrong... I've routinely played suicide for time with tracer and just led multiple people on to get them to back away from the objective. Once I know I'm under a players skin and they start purposely seeking me out (especially tanks) I start pulling them away from the team and go into full tag mode to keep them on my trail.

That brief moment of them pausing and then running back off to the team when they hear the timer is running down is so priceless.

        And THAT'S how the West was won.
        Absolutely fucking _barbaric_
            http://i.imgur.com/K7fEpHo.jpg
    Hopefully Blizzard's next funny move (like the "gg ez" thing in PTR) will be to change the text of any DPS saying "We need a healer" to come out as "I should really be the one to switch to healer".   
        Or, on the next respawn, lock out all heroes but support if they spammed the emote enough times.
            I don't think you want 6 symmetras every game..
                idk, the carwash of death with like 3 symmetra's worth of turrets is life changing
                    > carwash of death 

pls stop i can only laugh so much
                        The carwash is the name of the achievement. 
            That's diabolical.
            And then Symmetra becomes synonymous with Troll
                Aren't they already?
            We desperately need this.
        I didn't realize how much we need that.
        I mean, it doesn't really make sense when you are the sole tank.  You really need someone else to be a healer.  
            My point exactly. I can either tank or heal, and on an escort map, I think a tank is slightly more of a priority to be able to stay on point.
                A tank isn't going to heal and rez Hanzo & Pals
        While it may be a joke, this is an awesome idea. Maybe take into account how much healing someone has done and change the message accordingly.
            "We need a healer and I've never healed"
        It should just list the winrate they have with the current character. 

    I main mercy too, I have 87 hours on her. And I agree with you, some days I just wanna bap bitches with my hammer as Reinhardt. 
    I spam thanks! Since I see "we need a healer" as a volunteer call out :D
    Yesterday my friend and I joined a game as a group of 2, there was a group of 3 already in the game, all chose DPS, as did the 1 solo queuer there. So my friend goes tank and I go Zen, immediately get a message saying "Go Lucio", which I would have, but I am a horrible Lucio. My friend tells the DPS that he's welcome to go Lucio if he wants, and the guy gets super pissy, switches to Symmetra, and stays as Sym for game 2, placing a teleporter off the edge. Overwatch is sometimes not very fun, with those people on your team
    I love being mercy and the whole team freezes at choke points like the 1st part of Hollywood. They get chewed up like the opening of saving private ryan and blame the healer
    Sounds like a string of matches I had the other day. 5 Offense and Defense while I'm the only tank. Whenever I saw "We need a healer!" I said "Sounds like a volunteer!" No one switched though.

And man, I had a match the other day where 2 offense characters kept shouting at me to heal them (I was Mercy) while I was trying to keep the tanks standing on the cart alive. One actually shouted "MERCY STOP HEALING THE TANKS! " as Roadhog soaked up damage with his honey on cooldown. When there was a pause in the action I turned to the guy and put the damage boost on him instead of healing him.
    i feel ya
    Dude I hear that. It's always someone else who need to switch. The MLG pro tracer with 15 deaths when they tried to 1v5 the enemy team seems to always be the one who just wants a team of supports to heal them and gaze upon their skill. 

Pretty infuriating. Thankfully these games seem to be in the minority. 
    "Hey man, I'm just one of the six people on this team not playing healer. You want a healer so bad, play a healer."
> I immediately got a message saying I needed to get off of widow...I was told that if I had such a problem with their comp, then I should have switched.

Wow, just, wow. I also don't understand what their logic was there.
    > I also don't understand what their logic was there 
 
If they were capable of logic, they wouldn't have bitched out OP to begin with. They're just being babies.
    [deleted] 
        You know you can type, right? I've played some games where we're getting destroyed by something easily countered by adjusting the team comp, and politely pointed it out in team chat. It actually works! Still lost, but made the other team fight hard for it and I enjoyed the game.
Yesterday I was playing with a random group and we all went Winston. The other team obliterated us but the next game they all went Zarya. I was a lot of fun!
    We ran a six-Torbjörn meme team yesterday and somehow won.  It was excellent. 
        If your turrets are placed well, it's really hard to attack against 6 turrets. Even Reinhardt's shield just gets shredded.
            DVA+phara/hanzo/widow/junk.

Nothing counters a solid storm of projectiles better than D.Va, but it requires coordination and non-terribad aim from your DPS heroes.
                You really just need Zarya's and D.Va's. It's really really easy. 
                I once had a 6 Torb team where the enemy *attempted* something like this, in King's Row.

D.Va couldn't block a turret for too long because in the meanwhile at least 2 other turrets would shoot at her (also, this was before she got buffed, so no easy shields for her). If she tried to focus a turret down she could only really damage a single one before dying, which was either chalked off as a loss and instantly rebuilt or Molten Core'd. Hanzo just couldn't get a good line of sight. 

Pharah and Junkrat *could* have been problematic, but some members of my team were particularly adept at riveting enemies to death. The mix of area denial and damage from frontline Torbjorns means that they couldn't kill stuff fast enough, and when they did manage to finally break the frontline they all died to unexpected turrets that had been preemptively repositioned and molten core'd at the same time.

I swear, that game felt like I was the only one of my team not on a private chat. There was so much synchronicity among my team, it was unreal. The lack of communication on the enemy team probably helped, but still.
                volskaya map, A objective - try fighting 5/6 trolls there. [That little fucking booth at the edge](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-F6J-TxZRMPc/V0QZrHIH5bI/AAAAAAAAAkI/pZAiuLAHsFYcSOf8q4lu3ktR6KxZfiSEQCLcB/s1600/v3.jpg). We played against 5 trolls + zen. no fucking way, you just heard the sinking discord sound and then you were dead. you literally could get 2 shots out before dying. We tried, we tried winstons, dvas, zaryas, junkrats, pharahs (in various combinations) - no dice. 
        Actually, 6 torbjorn teams always win in QP. Or better, 5 torbs and a healer. Random people just never have enough coordination to take down all the turrets. 
            I find a couple good counterpicks and its easy to destroy a 5/6 torb team. Just go junkrat/pharah with a DVa and you'll blow through them. I don't think I've ever lost to such a comp and I usually solo queue.
                You must be playing on PC. Torb x5/x6 is a huge pain in the ass on the PS4.
                    It's because we can't aim for shit on the consoles. :(
                    Same on Xbox. Only saving grace was you can clear some of the turrets swiftly with Widowmaker or Ana, providing your team are distracting them.
                    Even after the 30% damage nerf? Turrets seem pretty easy to destroy now before they can get much damage on you. Sure they would melt you if you are getting hit by all six at once but with even a little coordination and counter picking 6 torbs should get destroyed. 

Reinhardt and D.Va are good for blocking and Pharah and Widow should be able to melt them. 
                        I should have specified that I play solo-queue where there isn't much communication. From my experience, my team either wins quickly or get decimated when the chained Molten Cores start coming. One or two Torbs aren't a problem, but the amount of coordination needed to take out a full IKEA team is way more than the amount of coordination needed on their side. 
                    I ran into a 4 or so TOrb team once. I count my blessings.  That being said, if there are turrets, I try to get a corner as Widow and pop in and out to take it out.  Goes down in 3 or so shots, iirc.  I don't know why, but it is super satisfying to take out a turret. Especially as Widow.
            Really?  TIL, I'm kind of new to this game so I wouldn't know haha
            Playing against 6 torb is an easy win... if you can coordinate. Most of the time in random qp, people will just stick with whoever and trickle in getting killed by 6 turrets. One pharah isn't enough to kill all 6 turrets.
        I've played 6 torb's on attack and absolutely shat on the other team once. 
        #MOLTEN COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE!
            The first time he said that I thought he said "CREAM CORNNNN"


        YIL 2 torb, 3 bastion, and mercy can defend volskya first cap.
        Ah yes, Dwarf fortress, always a favorite for defending Point A in Volskaya 
    attacked against a 6 reaper group on watchpoint.  it was great fun, other than hearing "die die die" every 20 seconds or so
I joined a team as backfill and the first thing anyone said to me was "We're playing planet of the apes!"

Everyone on my team was Winston.

Everyone on the opposing team was Winston.

Shit got very weird (and fun) very fast.  We eventually won because we chained our ults perfectly to clear the point and hold them from coming through their side (in Nepal).
People are fucking selfish and stupid. I love some of my friends, but when they've been playing DPS literally all night and then bitch when we don't have a healer or tank I can't help but laugh at them
    For sure.

"We need a healer!", "Someone go healer!"

Hey, here's a clue.  You're a person.  YOU DO IT.  


        [removed]
            Honestly, it kind of makes me wonder why we continue to design around these kinds of roles.  

There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.  Yet the *vast* majority of players don't appear to like it... so in every damn game, it's the same story.  

A bunch of people forced into a niche roll they don't want to play, simply because the meta demands it. /rant
                Or maybe people need to learn how to support their support players. Oh you're healing me I might as well run the fuck away and leave you alone. Oh I need healing but I can't even be bothered with being in your line of sight. Here's an idea you want healers learn how to fucking play with them in the damn game you fuckin morons. /rant 

This wasn't aimed towards you just something I was reminded of after returning to the game after a week. I forgot why Imstopped playing it in the first place. 
                >There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.

but even that is getting old. The amount of times I got shit on as a healer because I didn't heal enough. No shit Sherlock, you didn't protect your healer, what did you expect is going to happen?
                    I hear you man.  No other role in the game says "SHOOT ME" like playing support.  Against a team that knows what they're doing, you'll spend the whole match as support running for your life.  

If your own team doesn't have your back, it's a complete cluster fuck.  I've swapped off supports after being relentlessly gunned down in front of my damn team mates, who can't seem to hit the wide side of a bard and keep the flankers off me!
I had a team of 6 torb on Hollywood defense the other day. It was so much fun. So much metal and armor everywhere. Do I want every game to be like that? No. But it is a nice break from META WIN GO GO GO.
    Are you on PC? I was in the same set up not too long ago.
        Yep, this was...Friday or Saturday? I think?
            Oh yeah, we totally could've been in the same game. That's cool.
                Might have been. It was a fun game(maybe not for the other team). My name is the same as here, Astrower, if it ever pops up in your social feed.
                    Cool, my name is Billybobjack on there. Hope to see you around.
    so make it a custom game mode? like a perma brawl with no one hero limit, but this game is legitimately awful with hero stacking 
> I immediately got a message saying I needed to get off of widow.

ಠ_ಠ
I once had a guy plying widow literally try get 3 people to report me... Because I was playing widow (I really need practice, and the team was terrible). I do like picking a third character if we've already got two hanzos on attack or genjis on defence or something though. Never expect to actually do well let alone win however and don't get annoyed with anyone.
Sounds like they didn't know there was anything wrong with their comp.
I was solo'ing in QP and a week ago and came into a defense on King's Row. The red team: 3 Mercy's, 3 Pharrah's.

They pretty much rolled us until the last point, at which time we figured out how to stop them: 3 Winston's, a Bastion, a Mercy and a Zen. It was amazingly fun!

Or so I thought, until one of the red team repeatedly proclaimed that we, the defenders, needed to stop taking the game so seriously.

?????
See when I see teams pick comps like that, I just lock in Smmetra and ask in team chat "We're trolling, right?".

Generally they'll be like "uh what?" Then switch to an actual comp- and I'll switch. Otherwise, I play yolo Symmetra.
Hanzo is who I go for when it's clearly a joke match, it's crazy that they'd get mad at you for that.
two snipers is a seriously effective casual comp. i thought otherwise and was proven wrong.
I've had an experience like this, me and my mate were put with a group of 4. We ended up having a group of 6 tracers on lijiang tower, lost, then me and my mate get shouted at for being trolls by starting the fun comp by going double tracer. 

We ended up together again, attack on route 66 and I said "well if you think we're bad tell us what we should do" the one guy who was salty just suggested we go all symmetra, so we did, including his 3 friends, then after we lost he started getting pissy blaming us.

 It was glorious seeing his sarcastic suggestion work then make us lose, and how his friends were bagging him in chat for being too serious 
yea, we were playing against a team of 6 as a team of 6, and we destroyed them (they were playing a serious composition too). so next game when they were attack, they picked 6 Lucios and after that switched to 6 Soldiers or something and then flamed us for being tryhards. :/
They annoy me a bit now, mostly because I have time to play maybe 3 games after I get home before I have to go to sleep. Yesterday every server I went to was just people fucking around with joke teams like this. I know it's fun, and it was hilarious when it happened in TF2 as well, but when I go to three different servers in a row and all of them are just people fucking around, I just want to play the game.
L̫͓̭̯̟o͞o̻͡k̪̖̘̮͘ͅ ̠̯̭a҉̙̠̙͙t̩̗̭̲͙ ̢̳̼̲̥̩͎ͅt̰͇̤h̞̝̘͎̝̗ḭͅs͓̭̦̘̼ ̹͍̼̳͔t͏̬̥ͅea̷̹͙͍͍̘̗͇m̞,̗͍̟̥̕ ̰̫͇͉͚̘̞w͟e'̟̞͘re͔ ̠g̨o̧̻̥͖̯̼̦̘ị̬̳̬͕̗̮ń̩͎g̤̯̭̤͎̕ ̜̹̬̭͜t͏͇̟͚ọ̰̖̟̥ d̝͔͈̻͓̺o͈̮̭̮̣̣͉ ̖̫͍͈gr̻̣̣̬͖̬ęat̩̗͎̙̕!̼͔̬
Can't not read this in David Attenborough's voice.
It's clearly a swarm. They move far too fast to be a herd.
I played pharah and 5 mercys one time. It was like marry poppins.
    Back when mercy could stack, we ran 5 mercy + roadhog. It was great until the genjis came out
5 soldiers 1 Lucio has some insane damage output
"We're all soldiers now"
Played a team of 4 Roadhogs and two DPS on Lijiang Tower and we went up against a team full of Pharahs. They didn't last long.
You're all soldiers now 
lol this killed me, thanks for sharing.  I'm glad I ventured through my inbox.
Rise of the Planet of the Apes
    Scientists
"Hi there!" "hi there!" "HI THERE!" "Hi there!" "hi there!" "Gday!"
I can;t even XD
I hope you mean ball pit.. "balls pool" sends a whole other imagery to mind
    English isn't my native language so... Yea? 
        So this is an awkward ares. 'Balls' can, of ocourse, literally refer to more than one ball, as in the toy. However, it's also slang for 'testicles'. As a result, a number of places you'd expect to see the plural use the singular 'ball'. Ball pit is one of those.
            My understanding was that descriptions are usually singular, which is why it uses the singular "ball". Not that the rest of what you said is wrong though.

**Examples:**  
*Pen for horses -> Horse pen  
Lab for computers -> Computer lab*
        Oh god he actually meant the balls pool
THE CONCEPT OF LOVE!
    LIKE THIS! LIKE THAT! LIKE THIS THIS LIKE THAT!
        I don't like it, at all....

I don't like it, at all.. at all...
        SHEEEEEEEE'S A MAGICAL GIRL!
This was a triumph
I wish I had your problem. 2 tanks, 2 DPS, 2 healers right? How about 4 DPS including a Widow and a Torb, a Roadhog, and you're forced into Lucio on KOTH. Or how about a Genji, Tracer, McCree, Reaper, Symmetra while you're forced into asking the best question. Do we need a healer or a tank more?

At least stacks are easy to counter and win against. You can't win against your own team
    I just lock one of my tanks and they fall in line, leadership.I think when people see the first picks as DPS they get into a bad mindset. 
        [deleted]
            Honestly, what % of the time are not the first auto-picks DPS or Ana (just cause she's still a bit new)?   I'd say from my experience, I see DPS/Ana first picks are running about 75%.  

                I just play Ana because she's a good healer :( I dont understand the stigma with her.  If you can even vaguely aim and you focus on healing she's got healing on par with mercy, a teamfight winning ult that charges in a picosecond, decent damage, and an (albeit inconsistent) insane single target cc.
                    She definitely can be in the right hands.   I think she is most effective as a second healer w/ a Lucio/Mercy.   Her stigma comes from people playing too much offense with her vs. healing.  
                        I find like 8 or 9 darts out of a mag on average are at least AIMED at allies when I play her.  One of the funny things to me is despite being a sniper, you can just fire kinda aimlessly in to the fray sometimes and since you have 11 effective possible targets you'll usually do something.
                    A good Ana is great.  A bad Ana is almost as worthless as an afk genji
                    > I just play Ana because she's a good healer :(

Keep playing her, she is a good hero. Some people here can't accept the fact Lúcio and Mercy aren't the only viable healers anymore. 
                        I think Lucio and Zen are the big meta heroes at the moment.
                    Yeah I play Ana cause she's the only healer I can function with. Lucio all I can do is run around trying to live so that's not very entertaining, Mercy I can never get a good ult and I always die trying to support whoever it is I'm supposed to be supporting, and on Zenyatta I can't aim and I get murdered.

At least with Ana she's slightly easier to aim with than Zenyatta and I have pretty good accuracy on hitting teammates. Also grenades are really fun to work with.

edit: Forgot about arguably the best offensive ultimate in the entire game.
                    The stigma is she requires more skill than any other healer. Thus, as we must assume everyone in QP is as bad as we are, and since I can't aim worth shit, when I see ana to me it says 'well, they're going to be useless'
            FWIW-- I also "main" Mercy and Roadhog. If I hop on a team with a bunch of genjis and mcrees I'll go Roadhog, since Mercy is only fully utilized when working with characters that have a lot of health. Like, what's the point of following Tracer when she A) only has 150 health, B) is zipping around out of your range, and C) doesn't give a shit about you as a healer lol. 

You can also play the objective much better as a tank, since you just know all those DPS players are basically playing TDM. Nothing quite as sad as a lonely zenyetti on the payload (aka my Overwatch life).
            That's why you exclusively plan tank/support. Don't fill :P
            Sometimes I pick dps first to get people to pick healers/tanks and then before the game starts I switch unless we have 2 healers and 2 tanks... Which we never do 
        Leadership? Heh. For me it's usually me shouting to myself "GET BEHIND THE GOD DAMNED RECTANGLE"
            Some lead by example, others shout orders

Same result haha
    > Do we need a healer or a tank more? 
 
In my experience, the answer is usually "Zarya".
    As a healer/tank main I had the same problem. Then I realized if 5 other people aren't willing to try to play as a team, I don't have to either. So I usually play tank because I enjoy it more. 
    5 D.Va 1 Lucio on Payload attack is suffering for the defense. Just "Nerf this!" and you have to abandon the Payload _constantly_.

Try to Reinhardt and Lucio spins behind you and boops you so that the explosion hits you in the back.
        That is actually a lot harder to accomplish than you make it sound like it is, for one why is a Lucio randomly behind a Reinhardt.
    Oh my god that last line is so true
    Or how about when you're playing Ana for some fun and the rest of your team is Winston, Reaper, McCree, McCree, Mei and you ask if you can get a second healer and you get told to kill yourself for not playing Lucio despite having 6k healing
    I just pick roadhog in situations where I don't know what to pick. Almost entirely self sufficient and can dominate games solo. 
    On console this is a prevalent problem. So I made the switch to pc. Still a problem and now I have the toxic chat function. 
The only problem is that they typically win. But it's only ever one game that they win. Because in that one game everyone's trying to figure out how to counter them and it leads to disorganization. 

But if you're doing a three-round capture point, they end up losing and falling back to this "stale meta" by the third round, because they realize they're losing. 

    Only time I ran into a stack of heros, they all spammed #dicksout before the game started, me and buddy swapped to double D.VA and they lost as horribly as the meme they were paying homage too. 

Never ran into it again, though the OP should have just lept in and killed all those Lucios since he was Winston already
        Yeah after I was done laughing I jumped in and got the POTG spamming Winston's gun.  Proud member of Team No Aim.
            Team No Aim screws Team Anime so I'll gladly be a member 
        Yeah yesterday we had a team of winstons pull that dicksout thing so we went 4 dva 2 lucio and just destroyed them. 
            Its so satisfying hearing that repeated headshot dink when as you mow down memelords
    I've never seen a stacked team win.  It's just too easy to counter-pick and destroy them.

Last time I was on a stacked team it was all 76s.  We were all soldiers that day.  We did well at first, but the other team countered and we lost.

Still was a lot of fun.
        I wish you'd been around for 6 Torbs on console.. shit was nuts. It was nearly a guaranteed win on defense every single time.
            I played against 6 defending Torbs on pc once. We all did Dva for some reason. Won solely because the amount of nukes we had.
                Dva is naturally anti torb-turret.  She gobbles them up.
        I've won stacked teams with 76; he's probably one of the best characters to stack too, since between the 6 of them there's enough healing to partially make up for the absence of tanks.
            The main thing about a six-soldier stack is that it's based on the key part of Soldier's design: he isn't *the best* at basically **anything**... but he also isn't *bad* at anything; he's got some mobility, some sustain, some burst, some ranged precision, etc...

So stack him six times and you don't have (say in the case of six scientists, no ability to deal with range) a single weakness replicated and overemphasized.

Sure, it's stoppable, but the six-Soldier comp is a lot more solid than most of the other six-stacks because he's just a very solid character without real weaknesses (and without any special strengths, of course).
        I won with 6 bastions once, and again with 6 soldiers.


Shit was hilarious.
        We did stacked D.vas with a lucio and rolled them twice straight one time, but no, usually it doesn't work. 

It's fun as fuck though, working or not. 
I don't know about PC, but this happens at least once a night on Xbox.  It's not so rare for us hah.  They were stomped basically immediately and then switched Heroes.
    Right, you swapped stomped and went back to normal. Interesting, maybe is more a console thing
        At least nightly, on PS4, someone will flash pick one character, to indicate they want to stack one character. If we go for it, end up dying horribly. It is almost inevitably is someone like Tracer they want to stack...
            Ouch, you have my empathy console bud
                Yesterday on PS4 we tried to attack Dorado as 6 Mercys. We made it to the over pass before getting massacred, it was a time.
            I thought people flashed their picks to show they were willing to switch but would prefer to play the character they are stacking. 
                Nah, a flashing pick generally stands for stacking, in my experience.  Before Torbjorn got nerfed on console you'd run into lobbies of flashing attempts to Torbstack.
I'd give everything to be allowed just one game without at least one Genji. Don't think I've had one of those in the past 20 games at least.
I ran into it last night, and honestly, I did not find it very fun. I will preface that I prefer to play Competitive and a major reason for that is the no hero stacking. But one of my favorite things about Overwatch is the 6v6 team aspect where everyone has a lane or a specialization to work for. But when you're against a 6-stack, it might as well just be Team Deathmatch since any target or kill is interchangeable. 
competitive is just pathetic with McCree, Lucio, Zenyatta then a few other characters to fill gaps while much of the roster is never pick tier.

with only 22 characters that can only be played one way, multiple picks of characters are the only way to diversify and create different strategies for different team compositions.
I played with a team of all tracers with me as Lucio. 

We wrecked that board almost instantly.  
6 Toblerones was a brutal pick on console until the nerf. You could do just as well on attack as defense. 
    6 Roadhogs is a party when you steal each others' hook victims
        Set them up in a zig zag pattern so hooked player has maximum WTF before going back to spawn. 
            Lol. That would be crazy to experience 
        I like the multi roadhog setup just to pull them off a map. 
    I'm going for the Toblerone. 
I played on a team of all Sym and we microwaved everyone to hell and back. It was beautiful.

I think its about 50/50 re: win rate? You still have to know how to play the character, after all.
Ehhh... I enjoy it. It doesn't happen every match so I get some more legit games in but I like the occasionally mix of let's do something silly and sometimes it forces me to play characters I don't do. I never play Hanzo and got a little practice in last night when the team decided to go all Hanzo. If it gets to be too much I drop out and find another match where people are a little more serious. 

Then I get some kid screaming how our team is worthless while I'm the only one on the point and he's off chasing a tracer halfway across the map and long for an all Symmetra match.
Psst, Reinhardt.
5 Roadhogs + healer is so hard to deal with. Once they all have ult charge if they sync up you just can't get to the point haha!
    I've found that Bastion is a decent counter for Roadhog if you can stay alive.  His turret form puts out enough damage to eat through RH's heal and the huge hitbox means he's easy to target.  Just need to watch out for his hook.
        He can easily hook you though. 
            Depends on positioning and how well everyone is keeping an eye on all possible routes in your direction. Bastion's "murder everything" range is higher than Roadhog's hook range.
            reinhardt shield to protect the bastion
        Yeah the problem is you're immobile when you go into turret and then any of them hooking you means you die 100% of the time
    A team did that to us last night on Ilios well.  I played as Zarya, we had a reaper, mei, lucio, D.va and a few others.  We completely wrecked the team of Roadhogs.  I kept putting my Zarya ult, and the reaper did his die, die, die.  A lot of bacon was made.
    I've seen a stack even worse. 5 d.va's one lucio.

that was hell.
        Zarya gotta be the way out, but sheesh.
            we tried it, they were far too well organised for that they all just focused fire on us one at a time.
I've always wanted to do the 4 Reinhardt + 2 Lucio "World's Fastest Regenerating Wall of Precision German Engineering". I don't think it would do well once people react, but it would be a whole lot of fun for a couple of minutes. 
    Junkrat could shut that down 
I played on a team a couple days ago with five junkrats and a lucio. We completely destroyed the other team and they got super tilted. It was so much fun
I would also like this.  I don't play competitive because the games are too long which makes getting shit teammates that much more frustrating.  Maybe I'll give it a shot this next season.  It looks like they cut out some of the bullshit.
I hate that! Everyone insta-locks and I am forced to play support then it turns out they all suck donkey dicks at dps. I usually let them know I am changing because I am better dps than them honestly. Every once in a while I get acknowledged and they turn to support. Not often though.
We did.  A lot of people in here seem to think the Lucios managed to cap that point.  Nah lol...right after the gif ends and we all stopped laughing (hence my pause) we team killed them in about 3-5 seconds.
    Ah, you have made one Mercy very happy.
After playing nothing but competitive, going to quick play was such night and day originally. No one using mic, no one switching appropriately, and multiple heroes everywhere.

When I went against multiple Tracers on a KotH, and multiple D.Va's to hold the last point on Hanamura, I told myself I'd be content just waiting for S2 to start up. At most I launch the game every now and then to play a bot game and practice heroes I don't normally play, but it's not serious enough that I'd install or fool with the PTR so I'll just wait.
    At least PC people have the PTR as a backup plan. Us here on console  have quick play or GTFO
        PTR is still just quick play with some balancing changes. It's barely better than regular quickplay. (unless you play the 24/7 Eichenvalde).
    And reading all of the other comments in this post makes me sad, because it's just more people condoning this dumb cheesey behavior whilst we don't get a game mode for rankless play of what they keep balancing the game around. It's ridiculous.
        I mean, it's fine that Quick Play doesn't have hero limits. More power to people doing the dumb strats and having fun. However, Blizzard should have at least included an unranked competitive equivalent in between seasons to compensate. Almost all competitive players are playing PTR Comp play right now, which should be a hint... 
Speed boost!
Pretty sure I saw a Torb turret.
literally 80% of console widows
Yeah, now that you mention it, when I get on a cheese team, it's usually people that when you complain they tell you that it's only QP and to stop being a try-hard. I think they are comp players who just came to QP to fuck off which is annoying to people who take QP at least semi-seriously.
[deleted]
This is why we need an off-season ranked mode. Everything remains exactly the same except there's no rank. This should alleviate the issues we're seeing with QP while giving pro players a proper game mode to practice in between seasons. 
Mei.
    Winston
        No kidding. Watching that video I was just thinking "looks like fun as Winston".
            With that many Lucios though, I don't think he can out dps their healing
                Lucio Healing doesn't stack though, does Winstons dps lower if its spread out?

Edit: Clarified names
                    Oh possibly not, I'm not really sure for lucio.

I only know ana/Zen doubling up, since you can only have one HoT Harmony or one HoT dart at a time. (though you can have dart AND Harmony, just not 2 harmony)
                        Lucio healing definitely doesn't stack. 
    Roadhog
    Yeah...no
Junkrat
    As a frequent Lucio player, Junkrat's trap is the bane of my existence.
        >get trapped

>shit shit shit

>amp it up on CD

>look around nervously

>Junkrat comes into doorway with shit eating grin on his face

>desperately try to hit him with Jell-O shot cannon

>take 5 nades to the face

>Reinhardt spams I need healing 
        Yup. I offered that suggestion out of practical experience as a Lucio support main. :)
        As a frequent Overwatch player, Junkrat's trap is the bane of my existence!
Sanic the Hadgehag
Torbjorn. Really, it happened to me. Me and my friend were full TOrb, and the attacking team went full Lucio. They quickly changed to full D.Va if I recall correctly. Was one of my most fun matches.
Rein. Just keep swinging and you'll hit one (eventually).
Enemy team if you lose against them:

"LOL YOU SUCK L2P/UNINSTALL RETARD"

Enemy team if you win against them:

"Meh we weren't even trying you tryhard faggots"

You can't fucking win against these people.


I've done it and played against it. frustrating, hell yeah. Fun absolutely,  have you ever heard  a full team of d.va fighting... so much fucking winky face.... it's hilarious, then nuke after nuke. And the fact that no one can do damage since Def. Matrix is always on. Longest bist one of the finest match of my life.  QP is made to have fun and go easy. If I want to mess around,  then I'll mess around.  That's what comp is for. Trying and now that I can Take a break from it,  I will
Actually, I'm pretty sure I've read that Blizzard staggers big game updates so that one game doesn't steal another's thunder, so you're not wrong.
    I'm pretty sure Blizzard times open Betas to coincide with rival games within the same genres, so yeah, you wouldn't be far from the truth.

It happened with Battleborn and Overwatch's 243rd beta.

It happened with several Final Fantasy XIV patches although it clearly never worked out for them.

I'm not really into StarCraft 2 or Diablo but I wouldn't be surprised to see some correlations with those as well.

Not that there's anything wrong with it. Pretty smart strategy.
        I remember eariler this year, when *Bethesda* tried to rival Blizzard with a DOOM open beta. Against the Overwatch open beta.

Obviously, they lost.

And if you were around for the DOOM open beta, it was by a goddamn landslide.
That's subjective.
Winston is actually quite good.  Have a watch.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1o48miNMMM4

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwLaLOk6hC4
Best way to deal with Symetra's turrets and Tracer really.
Zarya destroys dva.
    Ahh see that didn't even occur to me because I'm terrible with Zarya.
I played against that a little while ago, mei was probably the best possible counter, constantly freezing who ever gets close, and the near constant ults were constantly blocked by my walls, the explosion got me once because they had 2 ults go off before my cool down was done.
Anyone with beam weapons that go through the matrix. Zaray, Mei, Winston.
Zarya, Mei, Winston, and Junk Rat.
I'm all about fin and I still hate you for this 
September 6th, otherwise right now in the PTR.
    I was joking around, I already know. But thanks anyway haha
Nope!
It's pretty hard to score a kill when your damage is not enough and Lucio can just climb back(unless unlucky).

We were fighting over 40 minutes. Score was 0%-0%
    Should make a pact where everyone goes down to the well and you are not allowed up before you are the last man standing.
        The entire battle takes place in the well. I like it. 
            BATTLE WELL! Twelve Lucios enter, one Lucio leaves!
                [sounds like fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18tXcMDEsL4#t=1m30s)
                    That actually looks terrifying. Not just for the people in the well, but the onlookers as well.
                        It sounds terrifying too. Like a never-ending wave of RIP tires.


                            https://youtu.be/lPwlfbeQOBg?t=285
                    Video with some more info: https://youtu.be/_Ky8RyQ7GJU
                    At the end of the video I realized that the drivers seat is on the right side of that car! How did he keep it going while he was out the window?
                THUNDER~~DOME~~WELL
                    [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0353 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48132)
                New brawl mode: the floor is lava. 
                The rest are respawning.
                how can there be twelve lucios when max player count is 7. The other team + me as lucio playing objective
                Battle Roy-Well?
                The Shooter version of the Ring
            [A dramatic reenactment](https://youtu.be/3knv3epLtE4?t=2m29s)
            > The entire battle takes place in the well.

I totally read this as "bake sale."
            New weekly brawl: Lucio wall duels. 
Other than a platform to start from, the entire map is over a bottomless pit and you have to wall-ride the whole time. Make it happen.
                I'm on it. 
        something like the bation/mercy game in this video. 

https://youtu.be/H66vEu4qqeE?t=2m35s
            It's like cockfighting
            that is amazing, Blizzard needs to make a brawl, Mercy only, with a larger hole, with many targets around the outside which can be flown to.
        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-kXm_KzhRE
            >[**3 Bikes crash inside steel ball( Globe Of Death cage stunt) [0:46]**](http://youtu.be/K-kXm_KzhRE)

>>3 bikes collide at the very top of the round cage they were performing in.

> [*^Michael ^Muller*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw_tP2vh-6CF7_cOZGIRmBw) ^in ^Sports

>*^195 ^views ^since ^Mar ^2016*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
        Well, that needs to be a weekly brawl right there. 
        It's all fun and good until that one dick switches to D.Va and flushes the toilet with a well placed boost. 
        This kinda crap is what brawls should be.
    That sounds epic haha
    i've tried 6v6 lucio with a group of friends on koth and it was impossible to kill anyone. definitely needs to be a map with boop potential like well but even then i don't think we were ever able to take the point.  
    Well, he can climb back up that well unless you're McCree and throw a flash bang at him... if he's close enough. 
    I've played that same match before. 
How dare you tell me what needs to happy. 
1-2 Reapers counters the Winston Comp.
    Also, a Bastion or two could probably kill all of them.

Source: Was on a team of 6 Winstons.
        Played against 6 wins tons as bastion, had 40k damage
        Then the Winstons change to D.Va and Bastions fun is over
    This always happens for me:

Go 6 genji

Enemy team counters with Winston

We counter with Reaper

Teams revert to standard dps/tank/healer set-up
    Not when they work as a team. 6 barriers in a small area means they rarely even took damage (while the barriers were active) 
        3 barriers up at a time and just rotate the cooldown.

Anyone have the math for this?
            600 damage per barrier. 1800 for three. So three to four seconds of Bastion fire.
                Seems perfectly acceptable to do two bastions to cut that to 2 seconds of concentrated fire.
    + Zen and game over man. 
We thought maybe waiting to ULT all at the same time would get for us at the end.  That was a fun game though.  After the failed team primal rage we switched it up.  

Edit: I suppose it was possible it wasn't the same game, but I'm pretty sure I was on team winston for the game you're talking about.
Zarya/Winston combo would probably wreak havoc. Anytime someone is Winston on my team, I'm choosing zarya.
It was earlier, so it wasn't us.
yes i had the same, that was the best night of overwatch ever 
Is that a thing now? Writing "personnel" instead of "personal"? I've seen it a bunch of times after the original post where it was an actual misspelling.
    [Its a reference to a meme.](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/coldsteel-the-hedgeheg)
        Huh, I guess it wasn't that originnel then.

Thanks for clearing that up!
psssh...
I never said it was consistent
Something something tinnitus
    Mawp.  Mawp.
        Hey. Hey Sianmink. Hey, /u/Sianmink.
    AMP IT UP!
        PUSH OFF...
Its a nice break during longer sessions thats for sure. 
I had a game once where we were a 4-man party that got together with a 2-man party. They both picked Genji (y'know, Quickplay), so to joke around all of us picked Genji as well. We were able to take the point and then the enemy team came back AS 6 WINSTONS. So we all traded to Pharah.

The entire round was the two teams trying to outsmart each other with hero counters. It was glorious.
    I'm trying to picture six Winstons vs six Genjis. Couldn't the Genjis just snipe the shit out of the Winstons? Unless the Winstons were smart with their barrier timing, I guess. 
        Winston is pretty much the counter to Genji
I like picking Torbjorn on control sometimes just for fun. If we lose the first round I switch to something more useful and we usually win the other two rounds. I give credit to my tactic of making the other team think my team is bad, thus giving them over confidence. I really got to rub it in one time when we got stomped in the first round and a few players decided to trash talk us. The following two rounds we just massacred them (they didn't even take the point). Oh boy you better believe the smack talk was real after we won.
    I prefer the more annoying symmetra on control. And put her turrents spaced out all over the point. So if you turn to shoot one, three more are shooting at you in random locations... You have to constantly build them, but it is fun to see if they go after your turrets or the other players on your team. Needs a good team and a junkrat tire can screw you over, but it's is good fun for quick play.
One time my group went for an army of 76's on Lijiang tower for the first round. We got our asses handed to us. Then we went to a normal comp and wiped the fucking floor with the enemy team. It's great.
That's when you switch to Roadhog and tell them you have a gold in healing. 
    The one man apocalypse. He has damage, tankiness, and healing in one fat package. 
        And he's ready to go WWHHHHOOLLLE HOGGGG (best OW voice line)
            BWUR HUR HURR HAW HARR HURR HAWRRRR!
    I got a gold medal in healing as Mei one time. Just chillin 
    yass
This. I absolutely hate playing support but I will fill if we need a healer. The whole match my team is spamming I need healing meanwhile completely ignoring the genji and tracer who wouldn't let me out the spawn. So I said fuck it, they can't be asked to help me why should help them. I went mcree and God himself came to earth and we somehow won. I leave immediately after the win to avoid having the same team. The next game I got into put me on the opposite team of the guys I was just playing with. I went mcree again and t bagged the fuck out of all of them when I killed them. Nothing better than vigilante justice lol
    lol

It drives me nuts when I play Mercy and I usually end up with a Tracer, Hanzo, or Genji targeting me. If I'm spamming "Group Up" as Mercy, it's typically because I'm running for my life and I'm trying to get anyone to look in my direction and come help. Especially if we're on defense and I have a long walk if I die.

The number of people who just won't come to help but are the first ones to spam need healing after I die is insane.
        They have all the time in the world to spam I need healing but can't be bothered to look behind them and help me with flankers. The worst part is when you spot someone trying to sneak around and your team will just ignore him because they don't want to run away from the choke point or they dont feel like chasing. Then the same player is usually the same guy that kills you immediately and wipes the whole team.
            Exactly.

Yes, I might have a handgun as Mercy, but it does shit damage. Besides, is it really worth everyone's time for me to stop healing? Or would you rather take the 10 seconds to come help me?
                This is why I always try to help the Mercy as soon as I hear "I'm under attack!" or if she's healing me as soon as i see her life getting hit from sources not in front of me. Sometimes it results in a Mercy that will try to pocket me for the rest of the match which is a bonus.
                    Ya, help me out of a jam, keep an eye on me, or say "Thanks!" whenever I heal/rez you and I will probably give you more attention.

And I think most people who main as a healer are like this.
        Speaking as someone with over a hundred hours of Tracer time (yeah... it took me a while to realize hero switching is a thing. Zarya and Mercy are slowly catching up), I feel really bad for players like you.

Legit I once apologized to a Mercy player after a game. I spent the whole game harassing the poor girl and never giving her a moment of peace. Her team didn't once come to help her at all. Credit where it's due, she never once changed and even managed to get a kill on me when I got clipped by a Pharah missle and her pistol did the rest.

But still the amount of kills I've gotten off Mercy's, Ana's and the more less mobile tanks because DPS decided I could be ignored is a bit comical.
            Someone on my team decided to actually heal for once, so I played JR for a bit of mindless fun. Their team couldn't even get past the first chokepoint and I trapped and killed mercy a few times. I apologized to her and said "I hate harassing healers, so few people actually play support."
            I feel like it goes all or nothing with teammates and a harassing tracer. Either everyone ignores her,  or you've got entirely too many people chasing after her. I think I once saw her playing pied piper to a roadhog, torb,  and a lucio IIRC, none of whom are particularly effective counters in that situation.
                You're not wrong... I've routinely played suicide for time with tracer and just led multiple people on to get them to back away from the objective. Once I know I'm under a players skin and they start purposely seeking me out (especially tanks) I start pulling them away from the team and go into full tag mode to keep them on my trail.

That brief moment of them pausing and then running back off to the team when they hear the timer is running down is so priceless.

    And THAT'S how the West was won.
    Absolutely fucking _barbaric_
        http://i.imgur.com/K7fEpHo.jpg
Hopefully Blizzard's next funny move (like the "gg ez" thing in PTR) will be to change the text of any DPS saying "We need a healer" to come out as "I should really be the one to switch to healer".   
    Or, on the next respawn, lock out all heroes but support if they spammed the emote enough times.
        I don't think you want 6 symmetras every game..
            idk, the carwash of death with like 3 symmetra's worth of turrets is life changing
                > carwash of death 

pls stop i can only laugh so much
                    The carwash is the name of the achievement. 
        That's diabolical.
        And then Symmetra becomes synonymous with Troll
            Aren't they already?
        We desperately need this.
    I didn't realize how much we need that.
    I mean, it doesn't really make sense when you are the sole tank.  You really need someone else to be a healer.  
        My point exactly. I can either tank or heal, and on an escort map, I think a tank is slightly more of a priority to be able to stay on point.
            A tank isn't going to heal and rez Hanzo & Pals
    While it may be a joke, this is an awesome idea. Maybe take into account how much healing someone has done and change the message accordingly.
        "We need a healer and I've never healed"
    It should just list the winrate they have with the current character. 

I main mercy too, I have 87 hours on her. And I agree with you, some days I just wanna bap bitches with my hammer as Reinhardt. 
I spam thanks! Since I see "we need a healer" as a volunteer call out :D
Yesterday my friend and I joined a game as a group of 2, there was a group of 3 already in the game, all chose DPS, as did the 1 solo queuer there. So my friend goes tank and I go Zen, immediately get a message saying "Go Lucio", which I would have, but I am a horrible Lucio. My friend tells the DPS that he's welcome to go Lucio if he wants, and the guy gets super pissy, switches to Symmetra, and stays as Sym for game 2, placing a teleporter off the edge. Overwatch is sometimes not very fun, with those people on your team
I love being mercy and the whole team freezes at choke points like the 1st part of Hollywood. They get chewed up like the opening of saving private ryan and blame the healer
Sounds like a string of matches I had the other day. 5 Offense and Defense while I'm the only tank. Whenever I saw "We need a healer!" I said "Sounds like a volunteer!" No one switched though.

And man, I had a match the other day where 2 offense characters kept shouting at me to heal them (I was Mercy) while I was trying to keep the tanks standing on the cart alive. One actually shouted "MERCY STOP HEALING THE TANKS! " as Roadhog soaked up damage with his honey on cooldown. When there was a pause in the action I turned to the guy and put the damage boost on him instead of healing him.
i feel ya
Dude I hear that. It's always someone else who need to switch. The MLG pro tracer with 15 deaths when they tried to 1v5 the enemy team seems to always be the one who just wants a team of supports to heal them and gaze upon their skill. 

Pretty infuriating. Thankfully these games seem to be in the minority. 
"Hey man, I'm just one of the six people on this team not playing healer. You want a healer so bad, play a healer."
> I also don't understand what their logic was there 
 
If they were capable of logic, they wouldn't have bitched out OP to begin with. They're just being babies.
[deleted] 
    You know you can type, right? I've played some games where we're getting destroyed by something easily countered by adjusting the team comp, and politely pointed it out in team chat. It actually works! Still lost, but made the other team fight hard for it and I enjoyed the game.
We ran a six-Torbjörn meme team yesterday and somehow won.  It was excellent. 
    If your turrets are placed well, it's really hard to attack against 6 turrets. Even Reinhardt's shield just gets shredded.
        DVA+phara/hanzo/widow/junk.

Nothing counters a solid storm of projectiles better than D.Va, but it requires coordination and non-terribad aim from your DPS heroes.
            You really just need Zarya's and D.Va's. It's really really easy. 
            I once had a 6 Torb team where the enemy *attempted* something like this, in King's Row.

D.Va couldn't block a turret for too long because in the meanwhile at least 2 other turrets would shoot at her (also, this was before she got buffed, so no easy shields for her). If she tried to focus a turret down she could only really damage a single one before dying, which was either chalked off as a loss and instantly rebuilt or Molten Core'd. Hanzo just couldn't get a good line of sight. 

Pharah and Junkrat *could* have been problematic, but some members of my team were particularly adept at riveting enemies to death. The mix of area denial and damage from frontline Torbjorns means that they couldn't kill stuff fast enough, and when they did manage to finally break the frontline they all died to unexpected turrets that had been preemptively repositioned and molten core'd at the same time.

I swear, that game felt like I was the only one of my team not on a private chat. There was so much synchronicity among my team, it was unreal. The lack of communication on the enemy team probably helped, but still.
            volskaya map, A objective - try fighting 5/6 trolls there. [That little fucking booth at the edge](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-F6J-TxZRMPc/V0QZrHIH5bI/AAAAAAAAAkI/pZAiuLAHsFYcSOf8q4lu3ktR6KxZfiSEQCLcB/s1600/v3.jpg). We played against 5 trolls + zen. no fucking way, you just heard the sinking discord sound and then you were dead. you literally could get 2 shots out before dying. We tried, we tried winstons, dvas, zaryas, junkrats, pharahs (in various combinations) - no dice. 
    Actually, 6 torbjorn teams always win in QP. Or better, 5 torbs and a healer. Random people just never have enough coordination to take down all the turrets. 
        I find a couple good counterpicks and its easy to destroy a 5/6 torb team. Just go junkrat/pharah with a DVa and you'll blow through them. I don't think I've ever lost to such a comp and I usually solo queue.
            You must be playing on PC. Torb x5/x6 is a huge pain in the ass on the PS4.
                It's because we can't aim for shit on the consoles. :(
                Same on Xbox. Only saving grace was you can clear some of the turrets swiftly with Widowmaker or Ana, providing your team are distracting them.
                Even after the 30% damage nerf? Turrets seem pretty easy to destroy now before they can get much damage on you. Sure they would melt you if you are getting hit by all six at once but with even a little coordination and counter picking 6 torbs should get destroyed. 

Reinhardt and D.Va are good for blocking and Pharah and Widow should be able to melt them. 
                    I should have specified that I play solo-queue where there isn't much communication. From my experience, my team either wins quickly or get decimated when the chained Molten Cores start coming. One or two Torbs aren't a problem, but the amount of coordination needed to take out a full IKEA team is way more than the amount of coordination needed on their side. 
                I ran into a 4 or so TOrb team once. I count my blessings.  That being said, if there are turrets, I try to get a corner as Widow and pop in and out to take it out.  Goes down in 3 or so shots, iirc.  I don't know why, but it is super satisfying to take out a turret. Especially as Widow.
        Really?  TIL, I'm kind of new to this game so I wouldn't know haha
        Playing against 6 torb is an easy win... if you can coordinate. Most of the time in random qp, people will just stick with whoever and trickle in getting killed by 6 turrets. One pharah isn't enough to kill all 6 turrets.
    I've played 6 torb's on attack and absolutely shat on the other team once. 
    #MOLTEN COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE!
        The first time he said that I thought he said "CREAM CORNNNN"


    YIL 2 torb, 3 bastion, and mercy can defend volskya first cap.
    Ah yes, Dwarf fortress, always a favorite for defending Point A in Volskaya 
attacked against a 6 reaper group on watchpoint.  it was great fun, other than hearing "die die die" every 20 seconds or so
For sure.

"We need a healer!", "Someone go healer!"

Hey, here's a clue.  You're a person.  YOU DO IT.  


    [removed]
        Honestly, it kind of makes me wonder why we continue to design around these kinds of roles.  

There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.  Yet the *vast* majority of players don't appear to like it... so in every damn game, it's the same story.  

A bunch of people forced into a niche roll they don't want to play, simply because the meta demands it. /rant
            Or maybe people need to learn how to support their support players. Oh you're healing me I might as well run the fuck away and leave you alone. Oh I need healing but I can't even be bothered with being in your line of sight. Here's an idea you want healers learn how to fucking play with them in the damn game you fuckin morons. /rant 

This wasn't aimed towards you just something I was reminded of after returning to the game after a week. I forgot why Imstopped playing it in the first place. 
            >There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.

but even that is getting old. The amount of times I got shit on as a healer because I didn't heal enough. No shit Sherlock, you didn't protect your healer, what did you expect is going to happen?
                I hear you man.  No other role in the game says "SHOOT ME" like playing support.  Against a team that knows what they're doing, you'll spend the whole match as support running for your life.  

If your own team doesn't have your back, it's a complete cluster fuck.  I've swapped off supports after being relentlessly gunned down in front of my damn team mates, who can't seem to hit the wide side of a bard and keep the flankers off me!
Are you on PC? I was in the same set up not too long ago.
    Yep, this was...Friday or Saturday? I think?
        Oh yeah, we totally could've been in the same game. That's cool.
            Might have been. It was a fun game(maybe not for the other team). My name is the same as here, Astrower, if it ever pops up in your social feed.
                Cool, my name is Billybobjack on there. Hope to see you around.
so make it a custom game mode? like a perma brawl with no one hero limit, but this game is legitimately awful with hero stacking 
Back when mercy could stack, we ran 5 mercy + roadhog. It was great until the genjis came out
Scientists
English isn't my native language so... Yea? 
    So this is an awkward ares. 'Balls' can, of ocourse, literally refer to more than one ball, as in the toy. However, it's also slang for 'testicles'. As a result, a number of places you'd expect to see the plural use the singular 'ball'. Ball pit is one of those.
        My understanding was that descriptions are usually singular, which is why it uses the singular "ball". Not that the rest of what you said is wrong though.

**Examples:**  
*Pen for horses -> Horse pen  
Lab for computers -> Computer lab*
    Oh god he actually meant the balls pool
LIKE THIS! LIKE THAT! LIKE THIS THIS LIKE THAT!
    I don't like it, at all....

I don't like it, at all.. at all...
    SHEEEEEEEE'S A MAGICAL GIRL!
I just lock one of my tanks and they fall in line, leadership.I think when people see the first picks as DPS they get into a bad mindset. 
    [deleted]
        Honestly, what % of the time are not the first auto-picks DPS or Ana (just cause she's still a bit new)?   I'd say from my experience, I see DPS/Ana first picks are running about 75%.  

            I just play Ana because she's a good healer :( I dont understand the stigma with her.  If you can even vaguely aim and you focus on healing she's got healing on par with mercy, a teamfight winning ult that charges in a picosecond, decent damage, and an (albeit inconsistent) insane single target cc.
                She definitely can be in the right hands.   I think she is most effective as a second healer w/ a Lucio/Mercy.   Her stigma comes from people playing too much offense with her vs. healing.  
                    I find like 8 or 9 darts out of a mag on average are at least AIMED at allies when I play her.  One of the funny things to me is despite being a sniper, you can just fire kinda aimlessly in to the fray sometimes and since you have 11 effective possible targets you'll usually do something.
                A good Ana is great.  A bad Ana is almost as worthless as an afk genji
                > I just play Ana because she's a good healer :(

Keep playing her, she is a good hero. Some people here can't accept the fact Lúcio and Mercy aren't the only viable healers anymore. 
                    I think Lucio and Zen are the big meta heroes at the moment.
                Yeah I play Ana cause she's the only healer I can function with. Lucio all I can do is run around trying to live so that's not very entertaining, Mercy I can never get a good ult and I always die trying to support whoever it is I'm supposed to be supporting, and on Zenyatta I can't aim and I get murdered.

At least with Ana she's slightly easier to aim with than Zenyatta and I have pretty good accuracy on hitting teammates. Also grenades are really fun to work with.

edit: Forgot about arguably the best offensive ultimate in the entire game.
                The stigma is she requires more skill than any other healer. Thus, as we must assume everyone in QP is as bad as we are, and since I can't aim worth shit, when I see ana to me it says 'well, they're going to be useless'
        FWIW-- I also "main" Mercy and Roadhog. If I hop on a team with a bunch of genjis and mcrees I'll go Roadhog, since Mercy is only fully utilized when working with characters that have a lot of health. Like, what's the point of following Tracer when she A) only has 150 health, B) is zipping around out of your range, and C) doesn't give a shit about you as a healer lol. 

You can also play the objective much better as a tank, since you just know all those DPS players are basically playing TDM. Nothing quite as sad as a lonely zenyetti on the payload (aka my Overwatch life).
        That's why you exclusively plan tank/support. Don't fill :P
        Sometimes I pick dps first to get people to pick healers/tanks and then before the game starts I switch unless we have 2 healers and 2 tanks... Which we never do 
    Leadership? Heh. For me it's usually me shouting to myself "GET BEHIND THE GOD DAMNED RECTANGLE"
        Some lead by example, others shout orders

Same result haha
> Do we need a healer or a tank more? 
 
In my experience, the answer is usually "Zarya".
As a healer/tank main I had the same problem. Then I realized if 5 other people aren't willing to try to play as a team, I don't have to either. So I usually play tank because I enjoy it more. 
5 D.Va 1 Lucio on Payload attack is suffering for the defense. Just "Nerf this!" and you have to abandon the Payload _constantly_.

Try to Reinhardt and Lucio spins behind you and boops you so that the explosion hits you in the back.
    That is actually a lot harder to accomplish than you make it sound like it is, for one why is a Lucio randomly behind a Reinhardt.
Oh my god that last line is so true
Or how about when you're playing Ana for some fun and the rest of your team is Winston, Reaper, McCree, McCree, Mei and you ask if you can get a second healer and you get told to kill yourself for not playing Lucio despite having 6k healing
I just pick roadhog in situations where I don't know what to pick. Almost entirely self sufficient and can dominate games solo. 
On console this is a prevalent problem. So I made the switch to pc. Still a problem and now I have the toxic chat function. 
Only time I ran into a stack of heros, they all spammed #dicksout before the game started, me and buddy swapped to double D.VA and they lost as horribly as the meme they were paying homage too. 

Never ran into it again, though the OP should have just lept in and killed all those Lucios since he was Winston already
    Yeah after I was done laughing I jumped in and got the POTG spamming Winston's gun.  Proud member of Team No Aim.
        Team No Aim screws Team Anime so I'll gladly be a member 
    Yeah yesterday we had a team of winstons pull that dicksout thing so we went 4 dva 2 lucio and just destroyed them. 
        Its so satisfying hearing that repeated headshot dink when as you mow down memelords
I've never seen a stacked team win.  It's just too easy to counter-pick and destroy them.

Last time I was on a stacked team it was all 76s.  We were all soldiers that day.  We did well at first, but the other team countered and we lost.

Still was a lot of fun.
    I wish you'd been around for 6 Torbs on console.. shit was nuts. It was nearly a guaranteed win on defense every single time.
        I played against 6 defending Torbs on pc once. We all did Dva for some reason. Won solely because the amount of nukes we had.
            Dva is naturally anti torb-turret.  She gobbles them up.
    I've won stacked teams with 76; he's probably one of the best characters to stack too, since between the 6 of them there's enough healing to partially make up for the absence of tanks.
        The main thing about a six-soldier stack is that it's based on the key part of Soldier's design: he isn't *the best* at basically **anything**... but he also isn't *bad* at anything; he's got some mobility, some sustain, some burst, some ranged precision, etc...

So stack him six times and you don't have (say in the case of six scientists, no ability to deal with range) a single weakness replicated and overemphasized.

Sure, it's stoppable, but the six-Soldier comp is a lot more solid than most of the other six-stacks because he's just a very solid character without real weaknesses (and without any special strengths, of course).
    I won with 6 bastions once, and again with 6 soldiers.


Shit was hilarious.
    We did stacked D.vas with a lucio and rolled them twice straight one time, but no, usually it doesn't work. 

It's fun as fuck though, working or not. 
Right, you swapped stomped and went back to normal. Interesting, maybe is more a console thing
    At least nightly, on PS4, someone will flash pick one character, to indicate they want to stack one character. If we go for it, end up dying horribly. It is almost inevitably is someone like Tracer they want to stack...
        Ouch, you have my empathy console bud
            Yesterday on PS4 we tried to attack Dorado as 6 Mercys. We made it to the over pass before getting massacred, it was a time.
        I thought people flashed their picks to show they were willing to switch but would prefer to play the character they are stacking. 
            Nah, a flashing pick generally stands for stacking, in my experience.  Before Torbjorn got nerfed on console you'd run into lobbies of flashing attempts to Torbstack.
6 Roadhogs is a party when you steal each others' hook victims
    Set them up in a zig zag pattern so hooked player has maximum WTF before going back to spawn. 
        Lol. That would be crazy to experience 
    I like the multi roadhog setup just to pull them off a map. 
I'm going for the Toblerone. 
I've found that Bastion is a decent counter for Roadhog if you can stay alive.  His turret form puts out enough damage to eat through RH's heal and the huge hitbox means he's easy to target.  Just need to watch out for his hook.
    He can easily hook you though. 
        Depends on positioning and how well everyone is keeping an eye on all possible routes in your direction. Bastion's "murder everything" range is higher than Roadhog's hook range.
        reinhardt shield to protect the bastion
    Yeah the problem is you're immobile when you go into turret and then any of them hooking you means you die 100% of the time
A team did that to us last night on Ilios well.  I played as Zarya, we had a reaper, mei, lucio, D.va and a few others.  We completely wrecked the team of Roadhogs.  I kept putting my Zarya ult, and the reaper did his die, die, die.  A lot of bacon was made.
I've seen a stack even worse. 5 d.va's one lucio.

that was hell.
    Zarya gotta be the way out, but sheesh.
        we tried it, they were far too well organised for that they all just focused fire on us one at a time.
Junkrat could shut that down 
Ah, you have made one Mercy very happy.
At least PC people have the PTR as a backup plan. Us here on console  have quick play or GTFO
    PTR is still just quick play with some balancing changes. It's barely better than regular quickplay. (unless you play the 24/7 Eichenvalde).
And reading all of the other comments in this post makes me sad, because it's just more people condoning this dumb cheesey behavior whilst we don't get a game mode for rankless play of what they keep balancing the game around. It's ridiculous.
    I mean, it's fine that Quick Play doesn't have hero limits. More power to people doing the dumb strats and having fun. However, Blizzard should have at least included an unranked competitive equivalent in between seasons to compensate. Almost all competitive players are playing PTR Comp play right now, which should be a hint... 
Winston
    No kidding. Watching that video I was just thinking "looks like fun as Winston".
        With that many Lucios though, I don't think he can out dps their healing
            Lucio Healing doesn't stack though, does Winstons dps lower if its spread out?

Edit: Clarified names
                Oh possibly not, I'm not really sure for lucio.

I only know ana/Zen doubling up, since you can only have one HoT Harmony or one HoT dart at a time. (though you can have dart AND Harmony, just not 2 harmony)
                    Lucio healing definitely doesn't stack. 
Roadhog
Yeah...no
As a frequent Lucio player, Junkrat's trap is the bane of my existence.
    >get trapped

>shit shit shit

>amp it up on CD

>look around nervously

>Junkrat comes into doorway with shit eating grin on his face

>desperately try to hit him with Jell-O shot cannon

>take 5 nades to the face

>Reinhardt spams I need healing 
    Yup. I offered that suggestion out of practical experience as a Lucio support main. :)
    As a frequent Overwatch player, Junkrat's trap is the bane of my existence!
I'm pretty sure Blizzard times open Betas to coincide with rival games within the same genres, so yeah, you wouldn't be far from the truth.

It happened with Battleborn and Overwatch's 243rd beta.

It happened with several Final Fantasy XIV patches although it clearly never worked out for them.

I'm not really into StarCraft 2 or Diablo but I wouldn't be surprised to see some correlations with those as well.

Not that there's anything wrong with it. Pretty smart strategy.
    I remember eariler this year, when *Bethesda* tried to rival Blizzard with a DOOM open beta. Against the Overwatch open beta.

Obviously, they lost.

And if you were around for the DOOM open beta, it was by a goddamn landslide.
Ahh see that didn't even occur to me because I'm terrible with Zarya.
I was joking around, I already know. But thanks anyway haha
Should make a pact where everyone goes down to the well and you are not allowed up before you are the last man standing.
    The entire battle takes place in the well. I like it. 
        BATTLE WELL! Twelve Lucios enter, one Lucio leaves!
            [sounds like fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18tXcMDEsL4#t=1m30s)
                That actually looks terrifying. Not just for the people in the well, but the onlookers as well.
                    It sounds terrifying too. Like a never-ending wave of RIP tires.


                        https://youtu.be/lPwlfbeQOBg?t=285
                Video with some more info: https://youtu.be/_Ky8RyQ7GJU
                At the end of the video I realized that the drivers seat is on the right side of that car! How did he keep it going while he was out the window?
            THUNDER~~DOME~~WELL
                [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0353 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48132)
            New brawl mode: the floor is lava. 
            The rest are respawning.
            how can there be twelve lucios when max player count is 7. The other team + me as lucio playing objective
            Battle Roy-Well?
            The Shooter version of the Ring
        [A dramatic reenactment](https://youtu.be/3knv3epLtE4?t=2m29s)
        > The entire battle takes place in the well.

I totally read this as "bake sale."
        New weekly brawl: Lucio wall duels. 
Other than a platform to start from, the entire map is over a bottomless pit and you have to wall-ride the whole time. Make it happen.
            I'm on it. 
    something like the bation/mercy game in this video. 

https://youtu.be/H66vEu4qqeE?t=2m35s
        It's like cockfighting
        that is amazing, Blizzard needs to make a brawl, Mercy only, with a larger hole, with many targets around the outside which can be flown to.
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-kXm_KzhRE
        >[**3 Bikes crash inside steel ball( Globe Of Death cage stunt) [0:46]**](http://youtu.be/K-kXm_KzhRE)

>>3 bikes collide at the very top of the round cage they were performing in.

> [*^Michael ^Muller*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw_tP2vh-6CF7_cOZGIRmBw) ^in ^Sports

>*^195 ^views ^since ^Mar ^2016*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
    Well, that needs to be a weekly brawl right there. 
    It's all fun and good until that one dick switches to D.Va and flushes the toilet with a well placed boost. 
    This kinda crap is what brawls should be.
That sounds epic haha
i've tried 6v6 lucio with a group of friends on koth and it was impossible to kill anyone. definitely needs to be a map with boop potential like well but even then i don't think we were ever able to take the point.  
Well, he can climb back up that well unless you're McCree and throw a flash bang at him... if he's close enough. 
I've played that same match before. 
Also, a Bastion or two could probably kill all of them.

Source: Was on a team of 6 Winstons.
    Played against 6 wins tons as bastion, had 40k damage
    Then the Winstons change to D.Va and Bastions fun is over
This always happens for me:

Go 6 genji

Enemy team counters with Winston

We counter with Reaper

Teams revert to standard dps/tank/healer set-up
Not when they work as a team. 6 barriers in a small area means they rarely even took damage (while the barriers were active) 
    3 barriers up at a time and just rotate the cooldown.

Anyone have the math for this?
        600 damage per barrier. 1800 for three. So three to four seconds of Bastion fire.
            Seems perfectly acceptable to do two bastions to cut that to 2 seconds of concentrated fire.
+ Zen and game over man. 
[Its a reference to a meme.](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/coldsteel-the-hedgeheg)
    Huh, I guess it wasn't that originnel then.

Thanks for clearing that up!
Mawp.  Mawp.
    Hey. Hey Sianmink. Hey, /u/Sianmink.
AMP IT UP!
    PUSH OFF...
I'm trying to picture six Winstons vs six Genjis. Couldn't the Genjis just snipe the shit out of the Winstons? Unless the Winstons were smart with their barrier timing, I guess. 
    Winston is pretty much the counter to Genji
I prefer the more annoying symmetra on control. And put her turrents spaced out all over the point. So if you turn to shoot one, three more are shooting at you in random locations... You have to constantly build them, but it is fun to see if they go after your turrets or the other players on your team. Needs a good team and a junkrat tire can screw you over, but it's is good fun for quick play.
The one man apocalypse. He has damage, tankiness, and healing in one fat package. 
    And he's ready to go WWHHHHOOLLLE HOGGGG (best OW voice line)
        BWUR HUR HURR HAW HARR HURR HAWRRRR!
I got a gold medal in healing as Mei one time. Just chillin 
yass
lol

It drives me nuts when I play Mercy and I usually end up with a Tracer, Hanzo, or Genji targeting me. If I'm spamming "Group Up" as Mercy, it's typically because I'm running for my life and I'm trying to get anyone to look in my direction and come help. Especially if we're on defense and I have a long walk if I die.

The number of people who just won't come to help but are the first ones to spam need healing after I die is insane.
    They have all the time in the world to spam I need healing but can't be bothered to look behind them and help me with flankers. The worst part is when you spot someone trying to sneak around and your team will just ignore him because they don't want to run away from the choke point or they dont feel like chasing. Then the same player is usually the same guy that kills you immediately and wipes the whole team.
        Exactly.

Yes, I might have a handgun as Mercy, but it does shit damage. Besides, is it really worth everyone's time for me to stop healing? Or would you rather take the 10 seconds to come help me?
            This is why I always try to help the Mercy as soon as I hear "I'm under attack!" or if she's healing me as soon as i see her life getting hit from sources not in front of me. Sometimes it results in a Mercy that will try to pocket me for the rest of the match which is a bonus.
                Ya, help me out of a jam, keep an eye on me, or say "Thanks!" whenever I heal/rez you and I will probably give you more attention.

And I think most people who main as a healer are like this.
    Speaking as someone with over a hundred hours of Tracer time (yeah... it took me a while to realize hero switching is a thing. Zarya and Mercy are slowly catching up), I feel really bad for players like you.

Legit I once apologized to a Mercy player after a game. I spent the whole game harassing the poor girl and never giving her a moment of peace. Her team didn't once come to help her at all. Credit where it's due, she never once changed and even managed to get a kill on me when I got clipped by a Pharah missle and her pistol did the rest.

But still the amount of kills I've gotten off Mercy's, Ana's and the more less mobile tanks because DPS decided I could be ignored is a bit comical.
        Someone on my team decided to actually heal for once, so I played JR for a bit of mindless fun. Their team couldn't even get past the first chokepoint and I trapped and killed mercy a few times. I apologized to her and said "I hate harassing healers, so few people actually play support."
        I feel like it goes all or nothing with teammates and a harassing tracer. Either everyone ignores her,  or you've got entirely too many people chasing after her. I think I once saw her playing pied piper to a roadhog, torb,  and a lucio IIRC, none of whom are particularly effective counters in that situation.
            You're not wrong... I've routinely played suicide for time with tracer and just led multiple people on to get them to back away from the objective. Once I know I'm under a players skin and they start purposely seeking me out (especially tanks) I start pulling them away from the team and go into full tag mode to keep them on my trail.

That brief moment of them pausing and then running back off to the team when they hear the timer is running down is so priceless.

And THAT'S how the West was won.
Absolutely fucking _barbaric_
    http://i.imgur.com/K7fEpHo.jpg
Or, on the next respawn, lock out all heroes but support if they spammed the emote enough times.
    I don't think you want 6 symmetras every game..
        idk, the carwash of death with like 3 symmetra's worth of turrets is life changing
            > carwash of death 

pls stop i can only laugh so much
                The carwash is the name of the achievement. 
    That's diabolical.
    And then Symmetra becomes synonymous with Troll
        Aren't they already?
    We desperately need this.
I didn't realize how much we need that.
I mean, it doesn't really make sense when you are the sole tank.  You really need someone else to be a healer.  
    My point exactly. I can either tank or heal, and on an escort map, I think a tank is slightly more of a priority to be able to stay on point.
        A tank isn't going to heal and rez Hanzo & Pals
While it may be a joke, this is an awesome idea. Maybe take into account how much healing someone has done and change the message accordingly.
    "We need a healer and I've never healed"
It should just list the winrate they have with the current character. 

You know you can type, right? I've played some games where we're getting destroyed by something easily countered by adjusting the team comp, and politely pointed it out in team chat. It actually works! Still lost, but made the other team fight hard for it and I enjoyed the game.
If your turrets are placed well, it's really hard to attack against 6 turrets. Even Reinhardt's shield just gets shredded.
    DVA+phara/hanzo/widow/junk.

Nothing counters a solid storm of projectiles better than D.Va, but it requires coordination and non-terribad aim from your DPS heroes.
        You really just need Zarya's and D.Va's. It's really really easy. 
        I once had a 6 Torb team where the enemy *attempted* something like this, in King's Row.

D.Va couldn't block a turret for too long because in the meanwhile at least 2 other turrets would shoot at her (also, this was before she got buffed, so no easy shields for her). If she tried to focus a turret down she could only really damage a single one before dying, which was either chalked off as a loss and instantly rebuilt or Molten Core'd. Hanzo just couldn't get a good line of sight. 

Pharah and Junkrat *could* have been problematic, but some members of my team were particularly adept at riveting enemies to death. The mix of area denial and damage from frontline Torbjorns means that they couldn't kill stuff fast enough, and when they did manage to finally break the frontline they all died to unexpected turrets that had been preemptively repositioned and molten core'd at the same time.

I swear, that game felt like I was the only one of my team not on a private chat. There was so much synchronicity among my team, it was unreal. The lack of communication on the enemy team probably helped, but still.
        volskaya map, A objective - try fighting 5/6 trolls there. [That little fucking booth at the edge](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-F6J-TxZRMPc/V0QZrHIH5bI/AAAAAAAAAkI/pZAiuLAHsFYcSOf8q4lu3ktR6KxZfiSEQCLcB/s1600/v3.jpg). We played against 5 trolls + zen. no fucking way, you just heard the sinking discord sound and then you were dead. you literally could get 2 shots out before dying. We tried, we tried winstons, dvas, zaryas, junkrats, pharahs (in various combinations) - no dice. 
Actually, 6 torbjorn teams always win in QP. Or better, 5 torbs and a healer. Random people just never have enough coordination to take down all the turrets. 
    I find a couple good counterpicks and its easy to destroy a 5/6 torb team. Just go junkrat/pharah with a DVa and you'll blow through them. I don't think I've ever lost to such a comp and I usually solo queue.
        You must be playing on PC. Torb x5/x6 is a huge pain in the ass on the PS4.
            It's because we can't aim for shit on the consoles. :(
            Same on Xbox. Only saving grace was you can clear some of the turrets swiftly with Widowmaker or Ana, providing your team are distracting them.
            Even after the 30% damage nerf? Turrets seem pretty easy to destroy now before they can get much damage on you. Sure they would melt you if you are getting hit by all six at once but with even a little coordination and counter picking 6 torbs should get destroyed. 

Reinhardt and D.Va are good for blocking and Pharah and Widow should be able to melt them. 
                I should have specified that I play solo-queue where there isn't much communication. From my experience, my team either wins quickly or get decimated when the chained Molten Cores start coming. One or two Torbs aren't a problem, but the amount of coordination needed to take out a full IKEA team is way more than the amount of coordination needed on their side. 
            I ran into a 4 or so TOrb team once. I count my blessings.  That being said, if there are turrets, I try to get a corner as Widow and pop in and out to take it out.  Goes down in 3 or so shots, iirc.  I don't know why, but it is super satisfying to take out a turret. Especially as Widow.
    Really?  TIL, I'm kind of new to this game so I wouldn't know haha
    Playing against 6 torb is an easy win... if you can coordinate. Most of the time in random qp, people will just stick with whoever and trickle in getting killed by 6 turrets. One pharah isn't enough to kill all 6 turrets.
I've played 6 torb's on attack and absolutely shat on the other team once. 
#MOLTEN COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE!
    The first time he said that I thought he said "CREAM CORNNNN"


YIL 2 torb, 3 bastion, and mercy can defend volskya first cap.
Ah yes, Dwarf fortress, always a favorite for defending Point A in Volskaya 
[removed]
    Honestly, it kind of makes me wonder why we continue to design around these kinds of roles.  

There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.  Yet the *vast* majority of players don't appear to like it... so in every damn game, it's the same story.  

A bunch of people forced into a niche roll they don't want to play, simply because the meta demands it. /rant
        Or maybe people need to learn how to support their support players. Oh you're healing me I might as well run the fuck away and leave you alone. Oh I need healing but I can't even be bothered with being in your line of sight. Here's an idea you want healers learn how to fucking play with them in the damn game you fuckin morons. /rant 

This wasn't aimed towards you just something I was reminded of after returning to the game after a week. I forgot why Imstopped playing it in the first place. 
        >There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.

but even that is getting old. The amount of times I got shit on as a healer because I didn't heal enough. No shit Sherlock, you didn't protect your healer, what did you expect is going to happen?
            I hear you man.  No other role in the game says "SHOOT ME" like playing support.  Against a team that knows what they're doing, you'll spend the whole match as support running for your life.  

If your own team doesn't have your back, it's a complete cluster fuck.  I've swapped off supports after being relentlessly gunned down in front of my damn team mates, who can't seem to hit the wide side of a bard and keep the flankers off me!
Yep, this was...Friday or Saturday? I think?
    Oh yeah, we totally could've been in the same game. That's cool.
        Might have been. It was a fun game(maybe not for the other team). My name is the same as here, Astrower, if it ever pops up in your social feed.
            Cool, my name is Billybobjack on there. Hope to see you around.
So this is an awkward ares. 'Balls' can, of ocourse, literally refer to more than one ball, as in the toy. However, it's also slang for 'testicles'. As a result, a number of places you'd expect to see the plural use the singular 'ball'. Ball pit is one of those.
    My understanding was that descriptions are usually singular, which is why it uses the singular "ball". Not that the rest of what you said is wrong though.

**Examples:**  
*Pen for horses -> Horse pen  
Lab for computers -> Computer lab*
Oh god he actually meant the balls pool
I don't like it, at all....

I don't like it, at all.. at all...
SHEEEEEEEE'S A MAGICAL GIRL!
[deleted]
    Honestly, what % of the time are not the first auto-picks DPS or Ana (just cause she's still a bit new)?   I'd say from my experience, I see DPS/Ana first picks are running about 75%.  

        I just play Ana because she's a good healer :( I dont understand the stigma with her.  If you can even vaguely aim and you focus on healing she's got healing on par with mercy, a teamfight winning ult that charges in a picosecond, decent damage, and an (albeit inconsistent) insane single target cc.
            She definitely can be in the right hands.   I think she is most effective as a second healer w/ a Lucio/Mercy.   Her stigma comes from people playing too much offense with her vs. healing.  
                I find like 8 or 9 darts out of a mag on average are at least AIMED at allies when I play her.  One of the funny things to me is despite being a sniper, you can just fire kinda aimlessly in to the fray sometimes and since you have 11 effective possible targets you'll usually do something.
            A good Ana is great.  A bad Ana is almost as worthless as an afk genji
            > I just play Ana because she's a good healer :(

Keep playing her, she is a good hero. Some people here can't accept the fact Lúcio and Mercy aren't the only viable healers anymore. 
                I think Lucio and Zen are the big meta heroes at the moment.
            Yeah I play Ana cause she's the only healer I can function with. Lucio all I can do is run around trying to live so that's not very entertaining, Mercy I can never get a good ult and I always die trying to support whoever it is I'm supposed to be supporting, and on Zenyatta I can't aim and I get murdered.

At least with Ana she's slightly easier to aim with than Zenyatta and I have pretty good accuracy on hitting teammates. Also grenades are really fun to work with.

edit: Forgot about arguably the best offensive ultimate in the entire game.
            The stigma is she requires more skill than any other healer. Thus, as we must assume everyone in QP is as bad as we are, and since I can't aim worth shit, when I see ana to me it says 'well, they're going to be useless'
    FWIW-- I also "main" Mercy and Roadhog. If I hop on a team with a bunch of genjis and mcrees I'll go Roadhog, since Mercy is only fully utilized when working with characters that have a lot of health. Like, what's the point of following Tracer when she A) only has 150 health, B) is zipping around out of your range, and C) doesn't give a shit about you as a healer lol. 

You can also play the objective much better as a tank, since you just know all those DPS players are basically playing TDM. Nothing quite as sad as a lonely zenyetti on the payload (aka my Overwatch life).
    That's why you exclusively plan tank/support. Don't fill :P
    Sometimes I pick dps first to get people to pick healers/tanks and then before the game starts I switch unless we have 2 healers and 2 tanks... Which we never do 
Leadership? Heh. For me it's usually me shouting to myself "GET BEHIND THE GOD DAMNED RECTANGLE"
    Some lead by example, others shout orders

Same result haha
That is actually a lot harder to accomplish than you make it sound like it is, for one why is a Lucio randomly behind a Reinhardt.
Yeah after I was done laughing I jumped in and got the POTG spamming Winston's gun.  Proud member of Team No Aim.
    Team No Aim screws Team Anime so I'll gladly be a member 
Yeah yesterday we had a team of winstons pull that dicksout thing so we went 4 dva 2 lucio and just destroyed them. 
    Its so satisfying hearing that repeated headshot dink when as you mow down memelords
I wish you'd been around for 6 Torbs on console.. shit was nuts. It was nearly a guaranteed win on defense every single time.
    I played against 6 defending Torbs on pc once. We all did Dva for some reason. Won solely because the amount of nukes we had.
        Dva is naturally anti torb-turret.  She gobbles them up.
I've won stacked teams with 76; he's probably one of the best characters to stack too, since between the 6 of them there's enough healing to partially make up for the absence of tanks.
    The main thing about a six-soldier stack is that it's based on the key part of Soldier's design: he isn't *the best* at basically **anything**... but he also isn't *bad* at anything; he's got some mobility, some sustain, some burst, some ranged precision, etc...

So stack him six times and you don't have (say in the case of six scientists, no ability to deal with range) a single weakness replicated and overemphasized.

Sure, it's stoppable, but the six-Soldier comp is a lot more solid than most of the other six-stacks because he's just a very solid character without real weaknesses (and without any special strengths, of course).
I won with 6 bastions once, and again with 6 soldiers.


Shit was hilarious.
We did stacked D.vas with a lucio and rolled them twice straight one time, but no, usually it doesn't work. 

It's fun as fuck though, working or not. 
At least nightly, on PS4, someone will flash pick one character, to indicate they want to stack one character. If we go for it, end up dying horribly. It is almost inevitably is someone like Tracer they want to stack...
    Ouch, you have my empathy console bud
        Yesterday on PS4 we tried to attack Dorado as 6 Mercys. We made it to the over pass before getting massacred, it was a time.
    I thought people flashed their picks to show they were willing to switch but would prefer to play the character they are stacking. 
        Nah, a flashing pick generally stands for stacking, in my experience.  Before Torbjorn got nerfed on console you'd run into lobbies of flashing attempts to Torbstack.
Set them up in a zig zag pattern so hooked player has maximum WTF before going back to spawn. 
    Lol. That would be crazy to experience 
I like the multi roadhog setup just to pull them off a map. 
He can easily hook you though. 
    Depends on positioning and how well everyone is keeping an eye on all possible routes in your direction. Bastion's "murder everything" range is higher than Roadhog's hook range.
    reinhardt shield to protect the bastion
Yeah the problem is you're immobile when you go into turret and then any of them hooking you means you die 100% of the time
Zarya gotta be the way out, but sheesh.
    we tried it, they were far too well organised for that they all just focused fire on us one at a time.
PTR is still just quick play with some balancing changes. It's barely better than regular quickplay. (unless you play the 24/7 Eichenvalde).
I mean, it's fine that Quick Play doesn't have hero limits. More power to people doing the dumb strats and having fun. However, Blizzard should have at least included an unranked competitive equivalent in between seasons to compensate. Almost all competitive players are playing PTR Comp play right now, which should be a hint... 
No kidding. Watching that video I was just thinking "looks like fun as Winston".
    With that many Lucios though, I don't think he can out dps their healing
        Lucio Healing doesn't stack though, does Winstons dps lower if its spread out?

Edit: Clarified names
            Oh possibly not, I'm not really sure for lucio.

I only know ana/Zen doubling up, since you can only have one HoT Harmony or one HoT dart at a time. (though you can have dart AND Harmony, just not 2 harmony)
                Lucio healing definitely doesn't stack. 
>get trapped

>shit shit shit

>amp it up on CD

>look around nervously

>Junkrat comes into doorway with shit eating grin on his face

>desperately try to hit him with Jell-O shot cannon

>take 5 nades to the face

>Reinhardt spams I need healing 
Yup. I offered that suggestion out of practical experience as a Lucio support main. :)
As a frequent Overwatch player, Junkrat's trap is the bane of my existence!
I remember eariler this year, when *Bethesda* tried to rival Blizzard with a DOOM open beta. Against the Overwatch open beta.

Obviously, they lost.

And if you were around for the DOOM open beta, it was by a goddamn landslide.
The entire battle takes place in the well. I like it. 
    BATTLE WELL! Twelve Lucios enter, one Lucio leaves!
        [sounds like fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18tXcMDEsL4#t=1m30s)
            That actually looks terrifying. Not just for the people in the well, but the onlookers as well.
                It sounds terrifying too. Like a never-ending wave of RIP tires.


                    https://youtu.be/lPwlfbeQOBg?t=285
            Video with some more info: https://youtu.be/_Ky8RyQ7GJU
            At the end of the video I realized that the drivers seat is on the right side of that car! How did he keep it going while he was out the window?
        THUNDER~~DOME~~WELL
            [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0353 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48132)
        New brawl mode: the floor is lava. 
        The rest are respawning.
        how can there be twelve lucios when max player count is 7. The other team + me as lucio playing objective
        Battle Roy-Well?
        The Shooter version of the Ring
    [A dramatic reenactment](https://youtu.be/3knv3epLtE4?t=2m29s)
    > The entire battle takes place in the well.

I totally read this as "bake sale."
    New weekly brawl: Lucio wall duels. 
Other than a platform to start from, the entire map is over a bottomless pit and you have to wall-ride the whole time. Make it happen.
        I'm on it. 
something like the bation/mercy game in this video. 

https://youtu.be/H66vEu4qqeE?t=2m35s
    It's like cockfighting
    that is amazing, Blizzard needs to make a brawl, Mercy only, with a larger hole, with many targets around the outside which can be flown to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-kXm_KzhRE
    >[**3 Bikes crash inside steel ball( Globe Of Death cage stunt) [0:46]**](http://youtu.be/K-kXm_KzhRE)

>>3 bikes collide at the very top of the round cage they were performing in.

> [*^Michael ^Muller*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw_tP2vh-6CF7_cOZGIRmBw) ^in ^Sports

>*^195 ^views ^since ^Mar ^2016*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
Well, that needs to be a weekly brawl right there. 
It's all fun and good until that one dick switches to D.Va and flushes the toilet with a well placed boost. 
This kinda crap is what brawls should be.
Played against 6 wins tons as bastion, had 40k damage
Then the Winstons change to D.Va and Bastions fun is over
3 barriers up at a time and just rotate the cooldown.

Anyone have the math for this?
    600 damage per barrier. 1800 for three. So three to four seconds of Bastion fire.
        Seems perfectly acceptable to do two bastions to cut that to 2 seconds of concentrated fire.
Huh, I guess it wasn't that originnel then.

Thanks for clearing that up!
Hey. Hey Sianmink. Hey, /u/Sianmink.
PUSH OFF...
Winston is pretty much the counter to Genji
And he's ready to go WWHHHHOOLLLE HOGGGG (best OW voice line)
    BWUR HUR HURR HAW HARR HURR HAWRRRR!
They have all the time in the world to spam I need healing but can't be bothered to look behind them and help me with flankers. The worst part is when you spot someone trying to sneak around and your team will just ignore him because they don't want to run away from the choke point or they dont feel like chasing. Then the same player is usually the same guy that kills you immediately and wipes the whole team.
    Exactly.

Yes, I might have a handgun as Mercy, but it does shit damage. Besides, is it really worth everyone's time for me to stop healing? Or would you rather take the 10 seconds to come help me?
        This is why I always try to help the Mercy as soon as I hear "I'm under attack!" or if she's healing me as soon as i see her life getting hit from sources not in front of me. Sometimes it results in a Mercy that will try to pocket me for the rest of the match which is a bonus.
            Ya, help me out of a jam, keep an eye on me, or say "Thanks!" whenever I heal/rez you and I will probably give you more attention.

And I think most people who main as a healer are like this.
Speaking as someone with over a hundred hours of Tracer time (yeah... it took me a while to realize hero switching is a thing. Zarya and Mercy are slowly catching up), I feel really bad for players like you.

Legit I once apologized to a Mercy player after a game. I spent the whole game harassing the poor girl and never giving her a moment of peace. Her team didn't once come to help her at all. Credit where it's due, she never once changed and even managed to get a kill on me when I got clipped by a Pharah missle and her pistol did the rest.

But still the amount of kills I've gotten off Mercy's, Ana's and the more less mobile tanks because DPS decided I could be ignored is a bit comical.
    Someone on my team decided to actually heal for once, so I played JR for a bit of mindless fun. Their team couldn't even get past the first chokepoint and I trapped and killed mercy a few times. I apologized to her and said "I hate harassing healers, so few people actually play support."
    I feel like it goes all or nothing with teammates and a harassing tracer. Either everyone ignores her,  or you've got entirely too many people chasing after her. I think I once saw her playing pied piper to a roadhog, torb,  and a lucio IIRC, none of whom are particularly effective counters in that situation.
        You're not wrong... I've routinely played suicide for time with tracer and just led multiple people on to get them to back away from the objective. Once I know I'm under a players skin and they start purposely seeking me out (especially tanks) I start pulling them away from the team and go into full tag mode to keep them on my trail.

That brief moment of them pausing and then running back off to the team when they hear the timer is running down is so priceless.

http://i.imgur.com/K7fEpHo.jpg
I don't think you want 6 symmetras every game..
    idk, the carwash of death with like 3 symmetra's worth of turrets is life changing
        > carwash of death 

pls stop i can only laugh so much
            The carwash is the name of the achievement. 
That's diabolical.
And then Symmetra becomes synonymous with Troll
    Aren't they already?
We desperately need this.
My point exactly. I can either tank or heal, and on an escort map, I think a tank is slightly more of a priority to be able to stay on point.
    A tank isn't going to heal and rez Hanzo & Pals
"We need a healer and I've never healed"
DVA+phara/hanzo/widow/junk.

Nothing counters a solid storm of projectiles better than D.Va, but it requires coordination and non-terribad aim from your DPS heroes.
    You really just need Zarya's and D.Va's. It's really really easy. 
    I once had a 6 Torb team where the enemy *attempted* something like this, in King's Row.

D.Va couldn't block a turret for too long because in the meanwhile at least 2 other turrets would shoot at her (also, this was before she got buffed, so no easy shields for her). If she tried to focus a turret down she could only really damage a single one before dying, which was either chalked off as a loss and instantly rebuilt or Molten Core'd. Hanzo just couldn't get a good line of sight. 

Pharah and Junkrat *could* have been problematic, but some members of my team were particularly adept at riveting enemies to death. The mix of area denial and damage from frontline Torbjorns means that they couldn't kill stuff fast enough, and when they did manage to finally break the frontline they all died to unexpected turrets that had been preemptively repositioned and molten core'd at the same time.

I swear, that game felt like I was the only one of my team not on a private chat. There was so much synchronicity among my team, it was unreal. The lack of communication on the enemy team probably helped, but still.
    volskaya map, A objective - try fighting 5/6 trolls there. [That little fucking booth at the edge](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-F6J-TxZRMPc/V0QZrHIH5bI/AAAAAAAAAkI/pZAiuLAHsFYcSOf8q4lu3ktR6KxZfiSEQCLcB/s1600/v3.jpg). We played against 5 trolls + zen. no fucking way, you just heard the sinking discord sound and then you were dead. you literally could get 2 shots out before dying. We tried, we tried winstons, dvas, zaryas, junkrats, pharahs (in various combinations) - no dice. 
I find a couple good counterpicks and its easy to destroy a 5/6 torb team. Just go junkrat/pharah with a DVa and you'll blow through them. I don't think I've ever lost to such a comp and I usually solo queue.
    You must be playing on PC. Torb x5/x6 is a huge pain in the ass on the PS4.
        It's because we can't aim for shit on the consoles. :(
        Same on Xbox. Only saving grace was you can clear some of the turrets swiftly with Widowmaker or Ana, providing your team are distracting them.
        Even after the 30% damage nerf? Turrets seem pretty easy to destroy now before they can get much damage on you. Sure they would melt you if you are getting hit by all six at once but with even a little coordination and counter picking 6 torbs should get destroyed. 

Reinhardt and D.Va are good for blocking and Pharah and Widow should be able to melt them. 
            I should have specified that I play solo-queue where there isn't much communication. From my experience, my team either wins quickly or get decimated when the chained Molten Cores start coming. One or two Torbs aren't a problem, but the amount of coordination needed to take out a full IKEA team is way more than the amount of coordination needed on their side. 
        I ran into a 4 or so TOrb team once. I count my blessings.  That being said, if there are turrets, I try to get a corner as Widow and pop in and out to take it out.  Goes down in 3 or so shots, iirc.  I don't know why, but it is super satisfying to take out a turret. Especially as Widow.
Really?  TIL, I'm kind of new to this game so I wouldn't know haha
Playing against 6 torb is an easy win... if you can coordinate. Most of the time in random qp, people will just stick with whoever and trickle in getting killed by 6 turrets. One pharah isn't enough to kill all 6 turrets.
The first time he said that I thought he said "CREAM CORNNNN"


Honestly, it kind of makes me wonder why we continue to design around these kinds of roles.  

There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.  Yet the *vast* majority of players don't appear to like it... so in every damn game, it's the same story.  

A bunch of people forced into a niche roll they don't want to play, simply because the meta demands it. /rant
    Or maybe people need to learn how to support their support players. Oh you're healing me I might as well run the fuck away and leave you alone. Oh I need healing but I can't even be bothered with being in your line of sight. Here's an idea you want healers learn how to fucking play with them in the damn game you fuckin morons. /rant 

This wasn't aimed towards you just something I was reminded of after returning to the game after a week. I forgot why Imstopped playing it in the first place. 
    >There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.

but even that is getting old. The amount of times I got shit on as a healer because I didn't heal enough. No shit Sherlock, you didn't protect your healer, what did you expect is going to happen?
        I hear you man.  No other role in the game says "SHOOT ME" like playing support.  Against a team that knows what they're doing, you'll spend the whole match as support running for your life.  

If your own team doesn't have your back, it's a complete cluster fuck.  I've swapped off supports after being relentlessly gunned down in front of my damn team mates, who can't seem to hit the wide side of a bard and keep the flankers off me!
Oh yeah, we totally could've been in the same game. That's cool.
    Might have been. It was a fun game(maybe not for the other team). My name is the same as here, Astrower, if it ever pops up in your social feed.
        Cool, my name is Billybobjack on there. Hope to see you around.
My understanding was that descriptions are usually singular, which is why it uses the singular "ball". Not that the rest of what you said is wrong though.

**Examples:**  
*Pen for horses -> Horse pen  
Lab for computers -> Computer lab*
Honestly, what % of the time are not the first auto-picks DPS or Ana (just cause she's still a bit new)?   I'd say from my experience, I see DPS/Ana first picks are running about 75%.  

    I just play Ana because she's a good healer :( I dont understand the stigma with her.  If you can even vaguely aim and you focus on healing she's got healing on par with mercy, a teamfight winning ult that charges in a picosecond, decent damage, and an (albeit inconsistent) insane single target cc.
        She definitely can be in the right hands.   I think she is most effective as a second healer w/ a Lucio/Mercy.   Her stigma comes from people playing too much offense with her vs. healing.  
            I find like 8 or 9 darts out of a mag on average are at least AIMED at allies when I play her.  One of the funny things to me is despite being a sniper, you can just fire kinda aimlessly in to the fray sometimes and since you have 11 effective possible targets you'll usually do something.
        A good Ana is great.  A bad Ana is almost as worthless as an afk genji
        > I just play Ana because she's a good healer :(

Keep playing her, she is a good hero. Some people here can't accept the fact Lúcio and Mercy aren't the only viable healers anymore. 
            I think Lucio and Zen are the big meta heroes at the moment.
        Yeah I play Ana cause she's the only healer I can function with. Lucio all I can do is run around trying to live so that's not very entertaining, Mercy I can never get a good ult and I always die trying to support whoever it is I'm supposed to be supporting, and on Zenyatta I can't aim and I get murdered.

At least with Ana she's slightly easier to aim with than Zenyatta and I have pretty good accuracy on hitting teammates. Also grenades are really fun to work with.

edit: Forgot about arguably the best offensive ultimate in the entire game.
        The stigma is she requires more skill than any other healer. Thus, as we must assume everyone in QP is as bad as we are, and since I can't aim worth shit, when I see ana to me it says 'well, they're going to be useless'
FWIW-- I also "main" Mercy and Roadhog. If I hop on a team with a bunch of genjis and mcrees I'll go Roadhog, since Mercy is only fully utilized when working with characters that have a lot of health. Like, what's the point of following Tracer when she A) only has 150 health, B) is zipping around out of your range, and C) doesn't give a shit about you as a healer lol. 

You can also play the objective much better as a tank, since you just know all those DPS players are basically playing TDM. Nothing quite as sad as a lonely zenyetti on the payload (aka my Overwatch life).
That's why you exclusively plan tank/support. Don't fill :P
Sometimes I pick dps first to get people to pick healers/tanks and then before the game starts I switch unless we have 2 healers and 2 tanks... Which we never do 
Some lead by example, others shout orders

Same result haha
Team No Aim screws Team Anime so I'll gladly be a member 
Its so satisfying hearing that repeated headshot dink when as you mow down memelords
I played against 6 defending Torbs on pc once. We all did Dva for some reason. Won solely because the amount of nukes we had.
    Dva is naturally anti torb-turret.  She gobbles them up.
The main thing about a six-soldier stack is that it's based on the key part of Soldier's design: he isn't *the best* at basically **anything**... but he also isn't *bad* at anything; he's got some mobility, some sustain, some burst, some ranged precision, etc...

So stack him six times and you don't have (say in the case of six scientists, no ability to deal with range) a single weakness replicated and overemphasized.

Sure, it's stoppable, but the six-Soldier comp is a lot more solid than most of the other six-stacks because he's just a very solid character without real weaknesses (and without any special strengths, of course).
Ouch, you have my empathy console bud
    Yesterday on PS4 we tried to attack Dorado as 6 Mercys. We made it to the over pass before getting massacred, it was a time.
I thought people flashed their picks to show they were willing to switch but would prefer to play the character they are stacking. 
    Nah, a flashing pick generally stands for stacking, in my experience.  Before Torbjorn got nerfed on console you'd run into lobbies of flashing attempts to Torbstack.
Lol. That would be crazy to experience 
Depends on positioning and how well everyone is keeping an eye on all possible routes in your direction. Bastion's "murder everything" range is higher than Roadhog's hook range.
reinhardt shield to protect the bastion
we tried it, they were far too well organised for that they all just focused fire on us one at a time.
With that many Lucios though, I don't think he can out dps their healing
    Lucio Healing doesn't stack though, does Winstons dps lower if its spread out?

Edit: Clarified names
        Oh possibly not, I'm not really sure for lucio.

I only know ana/Zen doubling up, since you can only have one HoT Harmony or one HoT dart at a time. (though you can have dart AND Harmony, just not 2 harmony)
            Lucio healing definitely doesn't stack. 
BATTLE WELL! Twelve Lucios enter, one Lucio leaves!
    [sounds like fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18tXcMDEsL4#t=1m30s)
        That actually looks terrifying. Not just for the people in the well, but the onlookers as well.
            It sounds terrifying too. Like a never-ending wave of RIP tires.


                https://youtu.be/lPwlfbeQOBg?t=285
        Video with some more info: https://youtu.be/_Ky8RyQ7GJU
        At the end of the video I realized that the drivers seat is on the right side of that car! How did he keep it going while he was out the window?
    THUNDER~~DOME~~WELL
        [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0353 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48132)
    New brawl mode: the floor is lava. 
    The rest are respawning.
    how can there be twelve lucios when max player count is 7. The other team + me as lucio playing objective
    Battle Roy-Well?
    The Shooter version of the Ring
[A dramatic reenactment](https://youtu.be/3knv3epLtE4?t=2m29s)
> The entire battle takes place in the well.

I totally read this as "bake sale."
New weekly brawl: Lucio wall duels. 
Other than a platform to start from, the entire map is over a bottomless pit and you have to wall-ride the whole time. Make it happen.
    I'm on it. 
It's like cockfighting
that is amazing, Blizzard needs to make a brawl, Mercy only, with a larger hole, with many targets around the outside which can be flown to.
>[**3 Bikes crash inside steel ball( Globe Of Death cage stunt) [0:46]**](http://youtu.be/K-kXm_KzhRE)

>>3 bikes collide at the very top of the round cage they were performing in.

> [*^Michael ^Muller*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw_tP2vh-6CF7_cOZGIRmBw) ^in ^Sports

>*^195 ^views ^since ^Mar ^2016*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
600 damage per barrier. 1800 for three. So three to four seconds of Bastion fire.
    Seems perfectly acceptable to do two bastions to cut that to 2 seconds of concentrated fire.
BWUR HUR HURR HAW HARR HURR HAWRRRR!
Exactly.

Yes, I might have a handgun as Mercy, but it does shit damage. Besides, is it really worth everyone's time for me to stop healing? Or would you rather take the 10 seconds to come help me?
    This is why I always try to help the Mercy as soon as I hear "I'm under attack!" or if she's healing me as soon as i see her life getting hit from sources not in front of me. Sometimes it results in a Mercy that will try to pocket me for the rest of the match which is a bonus.
        Ya, help me out of a jam, keep an eye on me, or say "Thanks!" whenever I heal/rez you and I will probably give you more attention.

And I think most people who main as a healer are like this.
Someone on my team decided to actually heal for once, so I played JR for a bit of mindless fun. Their team couldn't even get past the first chokepoint and I trapped and killed mercy a few times. I apologized to her and said "I hate harassing healers, so few people actually play support."
I feel like it goes all or nothing with teammates and a harassing tracer. Either everyone ignores her,  or you've got entirely too many people chasing after her. I think I once saw her playing pied piper to a roadhog, torb,  and a lucio IIRC, none of whom are particularly effective counters in that situation.
    You're not wrong... I've routinely played suicide for time with tracer and just led multiple people on to get them to back away from the objective. Once I know I'm under a players skin and they start purposely seeking me out (especially tanks) I start pulling them away from the team and go into full tag mode to keep them on my trail.

That brief moment of them pausing and then running back off to the team when they hear the timer is running down is so priceless.

idk, the carwash of death with like 3 symmetra's worth of turrets is life changing
    > carwash of death 

pls stop i can only laugh so much
        The carwash is the name of the achievement. 
Aren't they already?
A tank isn't going to heal and rez Hanzo & Pals
You really just need Zarya's and D.Va's. It's really really easy. 
I once had a 6 Torb team where the enemy *attempted* something like this, in King's Row.

D.Va couldn't block a turret for too long because in the meanwhile at least 2 other turrets would shoot at her (also, this was before she got buffed, so no easy shields for her). If she tried to focus a turret down she could only really damage a single one before dying, which was either chalked off as a loss and instantly rebuilt or Molten Core'd. Hanzo just couldn't get a good line of sight. 

Pharah and Junkrat *could* have been problematic, but some members of my team were particularly adept at riveting enemies to death. The mix of area denial and damage from frontline Torbjorns means that they couldn't kill stuff fast enough, and when they did manage to finally break the frontline they all died to unexpected turrets that had been preemptively repositioned and molten core'd at the same time.

I swear, that game felt like I was the only one of my team not on a private chat. There was so much synchronicity among my team, it was unreal. The lack of communication on the enemy team probably helped, but still.
volskaya map, A objective - try fighting 5/6 trolls there. [That little fucking booth at the edge](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-F6J-TxZRMPc/V0QZrHIH5bI/AAAAAAAAAkI/pZAiuLAHsFYcSOf8q4lu3ktR6KxZfiSEQCLcB/s1600/v3.jpg). We played against 5 trolls + zen. no fucking way, you just heard the sinking discord sound and then you were dead. you literally could get 2 shots out before dying. We tried, we tried winstons, dvas, zaryas, junkrats, pharahs (in various combinations) - no dice. 
You must be playing on PC. Torb x5/x6 is a huge pain in the ass on the PS4.
    It's because we can't aim for shit on the consoles. :(
    Same on Xbox. Only saving grace was you can clear some of the turrets swiftly with Widowmaker or Ana, providing your team are distracting them.
    Even after the 30% damage nerf? Turrets seem pretty easy to destroy now before they can get much damage on you. Sure they would melt you if you are getting hit by all six at once but with even a little coordination and counter picking 6 torbs should get destroyed. 

Reinhardt and D.Va are good for blocking and Pharah and Widow should be able to melt them. 
        I should have specified that I play solo-queue where there isn't much communication. From my experience, my team either wins quickly or get decimated when the chained Molten Cores start coming. One or two Torbs aren't a problem, but the amount of coordination needed to take out a full IKEA team is way more than the amount of coordination needed on their side. 
    I ran into a 4 or so TOrb team once. I count my blessings.  That being said, if there are turrets, I try to get a corner as Widow and pop in and out to take it out.  Goes down in 3 or so shots, iirc.  I don't know why, but it is super satisfying to take out a turret. Especially as Widow.
Or maybe people need to learn how to support their support players. Oh you're healing me I might as well run the fuck away and leave you alone. Oh I need healing but I can't even be bothered with being in your line of sight. Here's an idea you want healers learn how to fucking play with them in the damn game you fuckin morons. /rant 

This wasn't aimed towards you just something I was reminded of after returning to the game after a week. I forgot why Imstopped playing it in the first place. 
>There's this small, dedicated group of players who honestly seem to love the roll of support.

but even that is getting old. The amount of times I got shit on as a healer because I didn't heal enough. No shit Sherlock, you didn't protect your healer, what did you expect is going to happen?
    I hear you man.  No other role in the game says "SHOOT ME" like playing support.  Against a team that knows what they're doing, you'll spend the whole match as support running for your life.  

If your own team doesn't have your back, it's a complete cluster fuck.  I've swapped off supports after being relentlessly gunned down in front of my damn team mates, who can't seem to hit the wide side of a bard and keep the flankers off me!
Might have been. It was a fun game(maybe not for the other team). My name is the same as here, Astrower, if it ever pops up in your social feed.
    Cool, my name is Billybobjack on there. Hope to see you around.
I just play Ana because she's a good healer :( I dont understand the stigma with her.  If you can even vaguely aim and you focus on healing she's got healing on par with mercy, a teamfight winning ult that charges in a picosecond, decent damage, and an (albeit inconsistent) insane single target cc.
    She definitely can be in the right hands.   I think she is most effective as a second healer w/ a Lucio/Mercy.   Her stigma comes from people playing too much offense with her vs. healing.  
        I find like 8 or 9 darts out of a mag on average are at least AIMED at allies when I play her.  One of the funny things to me is despite being a sniper, you can just fire kinda aimlessly in to the fray sometimes and since you have 11 effective possible targets you'll usually do something.
    A good Ana is great.  A bad Ana is almost as worthless as an afk genji
    > I just play Ana because she's a good healer :(

Keep playing her, she is a good hero. Some people here can't accept the fact Lúcio and Mercy aren't the only viable healers anymore. 
        I think Lucio and Zen are the big meta heroes at the moment.
    Yeah I play Ana cause she's the only healer I can function with. Lucio all I can do is run around trying to live so that's not very entertaining, Mercy I can never get a good ult and I always die trying to support whoever it is I'm supposed to be supporting, and on Zenyatta I can't aim and I get murdered.

At least with Ana she's slightly easier to aim with than Zenyatta and I have pretty good accuracy on hitting teammates. Also grenades are really fun to work with.

edit: Forgot about arguably the best offensive ultimate in the entire game.
    The stigma is she requires more skill than any other healer. Thus, as we must assume everyone in QP is as bad as we are, and since I can't aim worth shit, when I see ana to me it says 'well, they're going to be useless'
Dva is naturally anti torb-turret.  She gobbles them up.
Yesterday on PS4 we tried to attack Dorado as 6 Mercys. We made it to the over pass before getting massacred, it was a time.
Nah, a flashing pick generally stands for stacking, in my experience.  Before Torbjorn got nerfed on console you'd run into lobbies of flashing attempts to Torbstack.
Lucio Healing doesn't stack though, does Winstons dps lower if its spread out?

Edit: Clarified names
    Oh possibly not, I'm not really sure for lucio.

I only know ana/Zen doubling up, since you can only have one HoT Harmony or one HoT dart at a time. (though you can have dart AND Harmony, just not 2 harmony)
        Lucio healing definitely doesn't stack. 
[sounds like fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18tXcMDEsL4#t=1m30s)
    That actually looks terrifying. Not just for the people in the well, but the onlookers as well.
        It sounds terrifying too. Like a never-ending wave of RIP tires.


            https://youtu.be/lPwlfbeQOBg?t=285
    Video with some more info: https://youtu.be/_Ky8RyQ7GJU
    At the end of the video I realized that the drivers seat is on the right side of that car! How did he keep it going while he was out the window?
THUNDER~~DOME~~WELL
    [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0353 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48132)
New brawl mode: the floor is lava. 
The rest are respawning.
how can there be twelve lucios when max player count is 7. The other team + me as lucio playing objective
Battle Roy-Well?
The Shooter version of the Ring
I'm on it. 
Seems perfectly acceptable to do two bastions to cut that to 2 seconds of concentrated fire.
This is why I always try to help the Mercy as soon as I hear "I'm under attack!" or if she's healing me as soon as i see her life getting hit from sources not in front of me. Sometimes it results in a Mercy that will try to pocket me for the rest of the match which is a bonus.
    Ya, help me out of a jam, keep an eye on me, or say "Thanks!" whenever I heal/rez you and I will probably give you more attention.

And I think most people who main as a healer are like this.
You're not wrong... I've routinely played suicide for time with tracer and just led multiple people on to get them to back away from the objective. Once I know I'm under a players skin and they start purposely seeking me out (especially tanks) I start pulling them away from the team and go into full tag mode to keep them on my trail.

That brief moment of them pausing and then running back off to the team when they hear the timer is running down is so priceless.

> carwash of death 

pls stop i can only laugh so much
    The carwash is the name of the achievement. 
It's because we can't aim for shit on the consoles. :(
Same on Xbox. Only saving grace was you can clear some of the turrets swiftly with Widowmaker or Ana, providing your team are distracting them.
Even after the 30% damage nerf? Turrets seem pretty easy to destroy now before they can get much damage on you. Sure they would melt you if you are getting hit by all six at once but with even a little coordination and counter picking 6 torbs should get destroyed. 

Reinhardt and D.Va are good for blocking and Pharah and Widow should be able to melt them. 
    I should have specified that I play solo-queue where there isn't much communication. From my experience, my team either wins quickly or get decimated when the chained Molten Cores start coming. One or two Torbs aren't a problem, but the amount of coordination needed to take out a full IKEA team is way more than the amount of coordination needed on their side. 
I ran into a 4 or so TOrb team once. I count my blessings.  That being said, if there are turrets, I try to get a corner as Widow and pop in and out to take it out.  Goes down in 3 or so shots, iirc.  I don't know why, but it is super satisfying to take out a turret. Especially as Widow.
I hear you man.  No other role in the game says "SHOOT ME" like playing support.  Against a team that knows what they're doing, you'll spend the whole match as support running for your life.  

If your own team doesn't have your back, it's a complete cluster fuck.  I've swapped off supports after being relentlessly gunned down in front of my damn team mates, who can't seem to hit the wide side of a bard and keep the flankers off me!
Cool, my name is Billybobjack on there. Hope to see you around.
She definitely can be in the right hands.   I think she is most effective as a second healer w/ a Lucio/Mercy.   Her stigma comes from people playing too much offense with her vs. healing.  
    I find like 8 or 9 darts out of a mag on average are at least AIMED at allies when I play her.  One of the funny things to me is despite being a sniper, you can just fire kinda aimlessly in to the fray sometimes and since you have 11 effective possible targets you'll usually do something.
A good Ana is great.  A bad Ana is almost as worthless as an afk genji
> I just play Ana because she's a good healer :(

Keep playing her, she is a good hero. Some people here can't accept the fact Lúcio and Mercy aren't the only viable healers anymore. 
    I think Lucio and Zen are the big meta heroes at the moment.
Yeah I play Ana cause she's the only healer I can function with. Lucio all I can do is run around trying to live so that's not very entertaining, Mercy I can never get a good ult and I always die trying to support whoever it is I'm supposed to be supporting, and on Zenyatta I can't aim and I get murdered.

At least with Ana she's slightly easier to aim with than Zenyatta and I have pretty good accuracy on hitting teammates. Also grenades are really fun to work with.

edit: Forgot about arguably the best offensive ultimate in the entire game.
The stigma is she requires more skill than any other healer. Thus, as we must assume everyone in QP is as bad as we are, and since I can't aim worth shit, when I see ana to me it says 'well, they're going to be useless'
Oh possibly not, I'm not really sure for lucio.

I only know ana/Zen doubling up, since you can only have one HoT Harmony or one HoT dart at a time. (though you can have dart AND Harmony, just not 2 harmony)
    Lucio healing definitely doesn't stack. 
That actually looks terrifying. Not just for the people in the well, but the onlookers as well.
    It sounds terrifying too. Like a never-ending wave of RIP tires.


        https://youtu.be/lPwlfbeQOBg?t=285
Video with some more info: https://youtu.be/_Ky8RyQ7GJU
At the end of the video I realized that the drivers seat is on the right side of that car! How did he keep it going while he was out the window?
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0353 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48132)
Ya, help me out of a jam, keep an eye on me, or say "Thanks!" whenever I heal/rez you and I will probably give you more attention.

And I think most people who main as a healer are like this.
The carwash is the name of the achievement. 
I should have specified that I play solo-queue where there isn't much communication. From my experience, my team either wins quickly or get decimated when the chained Molten Cores start coming. One or two Torbs aren't a problem, but the amount of coordination needed to take out a full IKEA team is way more than the amount of coordination needed on their side. 
I find like 8 or 9 darts out of a mag on average are at least AIMED at allies when I play her.  One of the funny things to me is despite being a sniper, you can just fire kinda aimlessly in to the fray sometimes and since you have 11 effective possible targets you'll usually do something.
I think Lucio and Zen are the big meta heroes at the moment.
Lucio healing definitely doesn't stack. 
It sounds terrifying too. Like a never-ending wave of RIP tires.


    https://youtu.be/lPwlfbeQOBg?t=285
https://youtu.be/lPwlfbeQOBg?t=285
