[[The absolute state of the game]]





Meat shield.
    Tbh Hog with Take a Breather is probably more effective at tanking damage than Sigma's shield at this stage.
        But the ult charge...
            Yeah get whole hog even faster.
            Some enemy ult charge and a live tank on your side, or no ult charge and a dead and shredded Sigma lying on the ground?
            i've always liked that idea that i've seen people suggest where Roadhog gets a passive called "Irradiated" that makes it so he gives less ult charge than normal when you hit him.
                I actually like this. I feel like primal winston needs this too.
                    *I actually*

*Like this. I feel like primal*

*Winston needs this too.*

\- Pnspi2

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
                        good bot
                        [deleted]
                            Heathen
                        bad bot
                    Primal winston is just an ult battery for the enemies for the most part lmfao
                        Primal winston is often used wrong anyways. If you die in primal it better be because you were in OT.  


Otherwise primals main job is to displace for your team. Too many winstons use it to just feed instead
                they would have to need him first tho
                Me too, although I though of the name "Intimidation"
                Doesn't he sort of already give out 50% less charge as it's a damage reduction when huffing paint? 


Granted he could have been given another buff that reduces charge gain by 50% without the damage reduction at all times, though definitely not in the current state of affairs.



Winston however could use this buff right now. Be it 1000 health with 50% charge gains, or 500 health with 50% damage reduction like Hog.
        Observe the hogbelly!
        Too bad they always run around on their own trying to pick, leaving their team to fend for themselves
            Literally had this happen over the weekend. Me and another teammate pointed out to Hog after defeat that he needs to work more with the team.

His response was "But I got picks, tho"

At which point another teammate responded "But we lost tho"
        Now if only he could block LoS doing so
        How's body-blocking Ashe's Dynamite, Ana's Biotic Grenade, and generally any form of AoE working out?
            Tbh Ashe and Ana are typically throwing those OVER the barriers anyway.
            It's working better than shields because its the top meta right now
                Yes this coming from a Reinhardt main.  I mean I can still play him but his shield is gone almost instantly and I get zero effect because I have to get all the way to the ash or the Anna or the McCree while they are currently zapping all of my health.
I switched to roadhog and suddenly I am decimating people including other tanks who were dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.
                    >dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.

This is absolutely correct, and it's a problem.
                I dunno hey... hogs in my matches just hide out behind healers and dps and complain about shit dps.
                It's best not to confuse what's popular with what meets functional requirements.
                    The functional requirement is winning. Go watch like any GM game right now. They’re not running shield 90% of the time. Shield in low ranks with less coordination are even worse.
                        Yeah, let's not bastardize terminology I use in arbitrary ways. By "functional requirement", I mean a very specific action that a teammate requests that can be performed regardless of what the enemy team does. Winning can't be a functional requirement because the enemy can stop it from happening. 

Anyway, as a non-GM, I often request a shield to block off the AoE damage that is either letting Ashe charge ult stupidly fast, the nade preventing me from effectively healing teammates mid-push, and the exploding D. Va mech that's wiping the more poorly-positioned teammates repeatedly.
    Nothing like hitting the inhaler to tank some stray damage.
        Hog has asthma
            Probably from all the nuclear fallout
            sucks to your ass-mar.
    I find a lot of people are using 'Hog now but not understand this roll, and will hide around corners.
        Thats because if you dont hide around corners half of the time then the enemy Soldier will have ult every 45 seconds.
            In that instance you'd need a Zarya or Winston to back you up or know it's time to switch out.
        People play hog like reaper or something. Just flank for kills no where near his team
    Say *bacon* one more time...
Dps players: *vocally complains about shields for years*

Also Dps players: yo can we get a shield?
    Shields for me, but not for thee
    Accurate.


Also, Winston's bubble doesn't count
        [deleted]
            And since Orisa was butchered as well, it just means "pls go rein"
                Truth be told, it's always kind of meant please go Rein.


Even when Orisa was in an OP state about 10-15 months ago I would have choosing beggars sigh and be all like "I say to pick a shield and you went Orisa/Sigma/Winston".


I sort of get the grievance with Winston, especially back when his barrier didn't last long, but the choosing beggar is usually some DPS who doesn't even end up sticking with you when you go Rein.
                    Always been like that. 

When I solo-queue as tank I sometimes give them one, one single chance on Rein. If they stick with me, I stick with Rein.

The moment they go off on their own I swap to Wrecking Ball. "You're throwing!"? No, I was throwing by playing shield man when y'all CLEARLY didn't want my fuckin' shield. Now I can go off and play on my own like y'all want to, too.
                    Most dps don't understand the game that well even in diamond. They have good mechanics and that's it.   


Tanks and supports on the other hand, I found some gold tanks have better game sense and knowledge than some diamond dps.  


Now I'm not generalizing because I know some diamond dps who have weak mechanics and great gamesense. It's just the role is less reliant on it than say tank is.
                    People just want a big thing to hide behind without any effort on their part. Winston's shield is on a long cooldown, Orisa's shield is small and doesn't allow for easy forward pushing and Sigma's shield requires finesse due to not being immediate, being immovable once placed and having a cooldown before you can deploy it again. 

A Rein shield is easy to rally behind in a way no other Tank's shield does because it's always there unless the Rein puts it away or it's broken. That's why you constantly have people screaming for the Rein to keep his shield up no matter what.
                Plus rein is complete dog shit right now.
            Isn't Sig's shield still better than Orisa's?
                [deleted]
                    I more meant his shield has more hp
    You can hate how powerful something is while simultaneously wanting it for your own comp due to it being strong.
    I think the issue was the Sigma orissa double shields, because it was the best, but you could play other comps though it would be hard. Now this meta has literally 3 and a half functioning tanks. Zarya hog ball and monkey if used correctly
        I think this is more an issue with the lack of tank heroes and tank diversity than anything. While as a tank main I have a ton of problems with how they've handled the game over the past year and a half or so, the thing that is clear through all the debate is that the tank role needs more options and more range. 

It also doesn't help that the latest tank released was shield based and Blizzard just decided they don't really want shields to be much of a thing anymore.
            True, there's also a restriction of what tanks are supposed to do, we got main tanks and off tanks with the small subdivision of dive which has monkey dva and Hammond, if you were able increase the amounts of roles that tanks could take up, the meta would be so 1 dimensional where if you can't beat them, join them.
                Blizzard will have to either get very creative in designing new tanks or learn to stop adjusting the game based on vocal critics who will always, always find something to fault in the game no matter what. 

With dive, tanks could get kills like DPS, but we didn't like that so we introduced sombra, Brig, etc. to stop it. Dive hasn't been viable in years. 

With GOATS, tanks were able to overwhelm and outlast their opponents. But it wasn't exciting to watch, especially in the inevitable mirror match, and excluded DPS players, so we literally changed the structure of the game to stop that. 

Then double shields emerged, and tanks were able to strategically set up hold points and outlast their opponent, relying heavily on DPS to get through the opposing shields and get kills. But we didn't like that, because we didn't like shooting shields, so boom, nothing but nerfs for all shield tanks for about 8 months now. At this point, Orisa is a joke. 

My point is - I sympathize with the devs. What are they supposed to do when literally everything they come up with for how tanks function and their role in the game is criticized? You give tanks more agency like dive and there's complaints. You try to make them more passive and team based and people freak because they don't like shooting shields. It's a lose-lose.
You should Queue as tank and play rien and see what it feels like.  You are most of the time in effective because your shield melts to fast and healing isn't enough to sustain you any more.  The shield goes down and you get hooked then stunned or slept then anti'd and hooked.  As a person who has almost 150 hours on rien he feels worse then he ever did and I won't play him till this is fixed
    This is honestly the first meta where I stopped playing Rein. 10+ seasons of swinging my hammer (unless the map was really anti-rein, than I go Sigma or smth) only to be deleted by a man who shoots pieces of scrap...

Well I started as a Hog main before going Rein anyways so I guess I’m back at my roots.
        Same, except I started as a DVa main and picked up Rein during competitive season 3. 

I'm sad now.
            Yeah. I like fps games in general, using nat cover, fragging, etc.

But that’s not why I play Overwatch or the tank role.

Overwatch’s uniqueness was the teamplay elements and that’s all gone now.

When I wanna to shoot things, I go to Apex or Valorant, not Overwatch.
                Yes agreed. Valorant and CSGO are great competitive games but they are far less reliant on teamwork and teambased fights. It's hold a corner and either die instantly or get an instant kill. That's fine.

But overwatch isn't that kind of game.

Overwatch's higher TTK and ability based gameplay is supposed to be a moba with some FPS elements. But damage creep and one shot kill abilities is ruining it.

Before anyone say that I suck at positioning. It's not that. I hug corners and use cover too. It's just the shift to adding more One shot kill is changing the core of the game into something it isn't.
            I miss murderD.Va :(
                Oh SAAAAMMMEEE
                Oh god... the days of 200hp and 400 armor. Man... I miss those days
        Top 500 on console and pc and I unsinstalled the game completely lol 

Rein main but played all tanks. 

The thing about this patch is... you have no options and you have no impact. My cotank would lock hog, that’s fine I’m not the best hog. But I had zero other playable options. Rein gets melted, sigma gets melted and hooked when you grasp, orisa is useless and gets melted, dva is an easy hook and demech, ball is okay but easily gets hooked, zarya is okay but you have to be ready to die to random spam. 

And on top of all this, even if I went zarya or ball it would just be a 50/50. Who’s hog gets the hook first? Who’s Ashe picks the enemy healer first? 

As a tank my job was to PROTECT these people. Now I just watch them die and hope we get lucky and win. I had a 60% + win rate in my climb from diamond to top 500 and that rate only went up when I got around gm. I was prepared to get into top 200 or higher. Then this shit tier patch dropped and the game fell apart. No structure, no teamwork, no intelligent play. I told people within two games on the new patch that it was the worst overwatch has ever been. They said “mad cause bad” and now a week later everyone’s making videos about how bad this meta is (I used to need to watch videos to tell me how patches changed the game but now I’m good enough to know). And now within a week blizzard is hurriedly trying to nerf power creep. 

It’s a big fat I told ya so. But seriously who the hell is doing the balancing at blizzard? It’s literally the level of a plat players understanding of the game. (Nothing wrong with plat players just that blizzard should understand their game more)
            I'm still mortified that they nerfed Zarya's damage hard but not Hog.  


I am ok with reverting her, but she isn't the problem here. Hog is.
        Same bro. It’s gotten to the point where I’m not even gonna play the game because of how bad all the characters I enjoy are. I can’t stand playing hog zarya for more than 2 games. It’s just not fun.
        This is not even the strongest hog has been.
    He still has the strongest shield though. I won’t play him unless I have teammates that stay behind the shield. No use being a rein if you have a genji and a pharah on your team. Most the time even the healers are off the payload healing those that run their own way. Rein is best used at small chokes like Kings Row (taking A) and keeping up the shield so your team doesn’t get sniped by an Ashe or a widow. Heck people run off so much that even on Dva bombs I feel like I’m only shielding myself. But his shield is still a lot stronger than sigma or orisa’s shield. I feel like I’m doing the best holding my shield when I have a slow zenyata behind me or a sniper that actually is behind me and not on a ledge 100 feet away. But say Havana for instance that shield is so important to keep your team from getting sniped because their is ALWAYS a sniper at the end of the road in that second story building. Either way shields are important but I feel reins is the only useful one. Sigma and orisa’s shield are destroyed in seconds and then they are main targets. It still surprises me they nerfed sigmas shield from 900 to 700hp, I don’t get that at all
        Your example for rien to be good is: they have good snipers that pick our supports and good angles for those snipers, The team has to group and be behind the shield,  you don't have a sniper that challenges the other snipers/picks the other snipers, and the map has to be the right one that your shield gets through short moves to other cover and the distance is short to get to the other team.   


For Hog to be good: Playing overwatch  
For Zarya to be good: Playing overwatch without orisa

That is the problem.
            You don't have to worry about Orisa anymore, her shield is as thicc as a kleenex and her HP just got nerfed again. Just be ready to take a corner and reload for a second when she fortifies or drops her ult. Most of them don't seem to realize they need to run away from the scary glowing Russian lady until it's too late.
            Hog is a big problem. I can be a zarya with 100 energy on my gun and can’t solo kill him before his heal ability is off cooldown. I wish they would give zarya headshot damage:(. But I know that will never happen so I hope they nerf hog soon, at least extend the cooldown on his heal ability. 100 power Zarya should have no problem with anybody
                >I can be a zarya with 100 energy on my gun and can’t solo kill him

At 100 energy you have 170 dps, hog has 600 health and 8s CD on breather. Even with just 50% accuracy you should burn him down before the CD is up.
                    Say you are on hog and when you get him to 10 health he used his heal. The 8 second cooldown it takes starts, but then you have to reload for zarya which takes 2 seconds. By the time you get him close to death again, his heal is back ready to use
                        But hog only heals 300hp. So you're now dealing with just 310hp hog. It's useless to shoot him while he's using breather (50% dmg reduction) so just reload then. You should be reloaded and ready to finish half-hp hog about 6s before his breather is ready again...
                            Reloading while he heals is a pretty good tip. I thought it healed a lot more than 300
                            Didn't know he had dmg reduction while taking a breather.  Great advice, thanks!
                                Overwatch (well ow2 probably) needs to work on communicating what heroes actually do. At the very least it needs some easily browsable codex with all the heroes and their abilities and ideally raw numbers. Right now you have to pick the hero and press F1 to learn what the abilities do and if you want raw numbers you have to go to external resources.
                                He can survive a point blank D.Va nuke because of it by the way. It does 1000 damage, so long as he's over 500 health and starts huffing as it's about to go off be gets booped a little. He can walk away with up to 400 health standing on the nuke.
                                    Yep I will often hook nuke into a small room and then block the blast with my vape by standing in the doorway. I get free ult charge and help my team.  


Unfortunately I did this once and genji who dashed to cover, dashed into the room I hooked the bomb in. Sorry genji
                    His armor and all man it just doesn’t happen. I’ve blasted him with 100% accuracy
                        Hog doesnt have armor.
                            Well factor in zarya having to reload. I’m telling ya, 100 energy I cannot solo a hog with my beam right in his fat belly
                        > His armor

Hog doesn't have armor. Just 600 regular HP.
                            Right I made a mistake there but I explained further in a comment abover. Factoring in zarya’s 2 second reload gives his cooldown two extra seconds so you only get a 6 seconds window to damage him. Also factoring in loss of energy on zaryas gun unless he’s shooting you, and if you get hooked that’s a good 4 seconds of you being unable to damage him. I’m just saying anyone as zarya vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight. I’ve just came to realize that long fight is usually best to avoid until you have backup. Heck a roadhog with a zenyatta healing orb on him could probably beat Godzilla
                                >vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight.

why should it be an easy fight?
                                    Well easier than it is. Fighting every hero I feel like I have a chance. I’m not saying an easy fight I’m saying a more fair fight
            But yes nothing is more irritating than being a rein with no team communication so nobody stands behind the shield and you get surrounded
    [deleted]
        I've always thought that tanks need to be tankier. Not just shield but being more resistant to CC and damage means they can draw more damage away from their team and focus on outsmarting the other tank.
    and good luck finding a lucio who also knows when to speed you in so u can close the gap before ur shield is nuked
    Aye. 50 hours on rein (Because I play other tanks too)  


He's been horrible to play the last 6 months. Add that shatter revert and fuck. I can't even shatter anymore. I can get a 5 man shatter, no one on the enemy team dies and then I get melted  


Shatter feels like I am using deadeye in how suicidal it is.  


Despite that though I still play him because while hog is fun. He feels like a dps more than a tank.
    What elo are you in, just curious

He still has the most shields and Ana, bap is stronger than ever..?
        Ana is actually in a great place. But they're dead on with shields. It's the same cycle as a Rein.

- Put up shield.
- Shield gets shot down in 5 seconds or less.
- Wait for shield to regen and use body as a shield in the meantime to protect healers.
- Use shield when it comes up.
- Shield is destroyed.
- Rinse and repeat.

It's just a horrible meta for tanks. It's so incredibly boring for us while DPS are having the times of their lives.
            DPS are complaining though.  


Most of the buffs they got were from goats. but guess what. We have role queue now.   


Blizzard needs to revert almost every GOATs patch.
                Blizz has reverted quite a few of the dps buffs- most noteable reaper and mei and mccree
                    Yeah and I hope it doesn't stop there. Goat patches made sense at the time but post-rolequeue these patches only make the game a mess.
as a tank player, stop asking for a shield.  there are no good options and positioning goes a long way
    As a support, I second the positioning thing. Stop asking for healing if you’re out in the open getting nailed by Junkrat grenades or Pharah rockets.
        Or a genji spamming i need healing at the enemies spawn door while you're a zen being chased. And then he goes: healing??
            I understand the role of support means moving to and supporting teammates, but do they need to make it harder by running away or being across the map from spawn when you just died running after them?
                Or they're just waiting around a corner for you to walk to them spamming i need healing. I'm done with those people, no healing if you suck that much at situational awareness.
                    Or they're playing Tracer, continuing to strafe left and right while poking the enemy from 30m away at a sliver of health. You're playing Ana, so you miss two heals that could have gone onto your front-line tanks.
                    Or I'm a tank at 25 hp standing behind the mercy spamming I need healing, but she's too busy boosting the bastion. So i play hog.
                        You’re standing behind the Mercy and expecting them to see you? You can make it easier for them to heal you by moving closer
                            And put myself into LOS and die to random shit?
                                [deleted]
                                    No shit?
                        The tank behind me is less important than the DPS in front of me.
                            Boosting the bastion is more important than healing your tank with 25 hp? Ok.
                I hate it when our Hammond is needing healing but he keeps rolling away from like damn just stop for a second.
                    Moira players get a lot of hate for not using the heal orb but I can’t even estimate the number of times my team just runs away from the healing orb or completely ignores it when I toss it into a room for maximum bounces.
                        I use my heal orb all the time and ive still been yelled at for not using it before lol. One time, someone was far away from me, super low on health, asking for heals. My orb was on CD and wouldn't have even reached them in time anyway, but they go off on me about how I need to use my heal orb.
                            I had to quit competitive this season because I kept getting matched with toxic D.Va players who would harass me and spam “I need healing” while I was actively healing them with the spray and my healing orb was bouncing around them. I moved to Quick Play Classic and Lucioball and my mental health has thanked me.
                                As a D.va main, I HATE D.va players that make her look bad like this.  I tell my healers "I'll come to YOU when I need healing, if I don't, its my own fault, don't chase me, cuz you'll die".  D.va can fly ffs!  Rush in, do damage, fly out, repeat till low'ish on health, fly back to healer/payload (payload heals...slowly).  Not that hard!
                                    No hate to D.Va or D.Va mains! I’ve had great matches with D.Va players, it was just 4 matches in a row with different teams where I was getting harassed/blamed via Xbox messages outside of the game in addition to spamming the heal voice line and distracting me in-game while I was trying to climb back up to gold. It was definitely not fun the 2nd time, let alone the 3rd and 4th.
                            I feel you. 

As Moira, I had a toxic AF DPS soldier screaming at me for not healing them. I asked where they were located. “Behind you” was the answer. Like bro, how am I supposed to heal, let alone see you, when you are **behind** me?! 

We win that match and I got a card for healing. I reported him.
                Playing ring around the rosy is what drives me mad when I’m trying to heal. Like, can’t we all see each other thru walls now??
            Even the genji who spams "I need healing" while standing behind you, safe. It's great. You're not out of position. But our tanks and the other DPS in the choke are soaking up 100% of the healing I have to give, and If I turn to heal you they will die.

You are safe. Go get the healthpack 20 feet away.
        it's frustrating sometimes.  not all players seem to realize that tanks and supports have a finite number of resources/cooldowns.  it isn't magic, teams help those who help themselves
        Same with people asking for rezzes! Just yesterday I was on Mercy, and a teammate died. Asked for a res like 3 times in VC, so i look around and find him. No enemies on/near the body that i could see, so i fly over there. As soon as I get to him, I realize that half the enemy team has direct LoS to his body (and now me), but i hadn't been able to see them from my previous positioning. Instantly died and lost my res. 

And people do this all the time, demanding rezzes when there is no safe way to rez them. Just please have some awareness before you ask for that
            Dude when I was in gold I use to tell Mercy to NOT rezz me because it's very common for mercy at that rank to perform suicidal rezzes.  


It bothers me to no end when I hear dps scream "Rez please" and they are literally dead in the midst of 5 enemies. I don't even play Mercy but it cringes me every time I hear some doomfist one trick decides to suicide and then ask for a rez
                I try really hard to not suicide-res, even if people are begging for it. Really annoyed me that time because the coast looked clear from my perspective, until I reached his body and THEN i could see all the enemies. I dont understand how some players are so careless to ask Mercy to suicide for them. Do they even realize that a failed res still puts it on a long-ass CD?
                    > long ass-cd

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
                    A tip not just for mercy but literally every hero is to pay attention and think about enemy and teammate positioning constantly. Do it until it comes naturally.

Makes rez and other risky moves much easier
        WHY DIDNT YOU HEAL ME WHEN ALL 6 WERE SHOOTING ME DED?!@#11
        Yes! The worst is DPS that go out all alone and scream about “shitty heals”. 

Like, dude, meet me halfway, *and* do a better job.
            When I play flanker and a support tells me to stay in LOS. I always tell them to not worry about me. Heal our tanks, focus them instead.

Heal me when they can see me but don't go out of their way to save me either.

When I play a flanker, it's my responsibility to manage my health and healthpacks. It's how I climbed from bronze to high plat on DPS
        I love it when people say bad healers when they are "flanking" the entire game, out in the open, 3v1 etc.

 And with Roadhog being meta people are constantly looking for cheese hooks while being completely away from the team.
        If a dps spams "I need healing", I spam "no"
            I need to quick bind that, I usually rely on waiting for the sarcastic “Thanks!” so I can respond with “You’re Welcome.”
        My god, yes. Got screamed at in comp the other day because I wasn't healing through a junkrat standing ahead of our shield and getting nailed by all the enemy hitscans.

There isn't enough healing in the world, baby.
        As a support, junk spam from 3 maps away that I can’t even hear drives me fuckin INSANE

One time I was on lijiang night market and I’m going MAD trying to figure out how I’m taking damage when I can’t even see an enemy junkrat or even hear his nades bounce...

I finally glance up at the top left window at the front of the point and see a nade *literally* bounce off the bottom corner of that window and then bounce off the left wall and back down onto the point. 

You wanna talk about simple geometry?? My god the phrase “it’s actually frowned upon by junkrat mains to even see the enemy team” has never been more accurate. 

At least with pharahs rockets you can hear them coming.
            Haha I was that asshole who mained Junkrat before the days of Role Queue. I haven't played DPS in a while because I couldn't stand the queue times, but I've been getting back into it with Quick Play Classic. I remember the days when Junkrat's own grenades could hurt him, so they had to be more cautious to line up their shot.
        A please for the love of god move forward. I'm tired of seeing BEHIND the team.
    Exactly this. Even the times I've provided shields for the teams, they ended up just doing their own thing because of their lack of faith in shields. Nowadays if the team wants shields, I might go Winston just so I can play around the team and initiate on the fly when needed, but its been a while since I busted out the likes of Rein.
        Rein can be so great, but the team really has to play around you.  not just ana standing behind you hard-scoping flankers while you slowly lose all shields and HP
    Most of the time I say it when I mean "we need a front line". Ball/Winston/Hog flanking and hitting the back line doesn't help when there Zarya+Rein is pushing the cart and we are getting destroyed..
        that's fair.  zarya and hog can hold the front against a zarya and rein these days, but if the hog just wants to flank he may not be helping.  i've always played off tank, but i actually try to assist with the tanking instead of being a wannabe dps
    It’s easy to say this, but getting rolled by a Widowmaker when you’re trying to push point is very infuriating.

Sure, you can hide behind corners. But this is an objective based game, and so you can’t hug a corner forever.
    As a Zarya main, I understand that we need a sheild and switch to orisa when It is needed.
Playing main tank with hog and ball as teammates feels like a solo tank and three dps. 

I'm not saying that they don't get value but it's not the value I want or enjoy playing with.
    What is a main tank?
        Mainly rein, Orisa, Winston, and sometime sigma and ball
            I know it was a joke because main tank has basically been deleted due to roadhog being so strong right now. Zarya hog is meta. 
I mean thanks for responding though. It's nice to know that a new player could find out this information so quickly if they wanted to. Goes to show that there are still bright spots in the community.
                Ah, gotcha
                It’s been a few weeks since I’ve played. Haven’t kept up on patches either. Did they buff Roadhog?
                    Yep. And mega nerfed orisa and nerfed sigma. Shields are no more
        Tanks that create space; Winston, Rein, Orisa, and Ball. Off tanks are Zarya, Sigma, Dva, Hog (but he feels more like a dps than anything)
    Hog and ball can work really well as tanks when used properly. The skill floor is just higher than many of the other tanks and it's easy to get carried away chasing kills.  
It's the same as Moira for a healer, you've got to keep yourself in check and play the role properly.
        I wouldn’t say Moira has a high skill floor tho..
            No, it's the getting carried away bit that leads to technically skilled players sucking as Moira.
                Sounds like every hero. People just rag on dps Moira’s
                    DPS (flanking) Moiras is a product of low ranked players finding great success in taking out entire backlines of equally low ranked opponents. Which conditions them to employ the same flanking tactics over and over. Up till a certain rank where players are mechanically strong enough to hold their own; where these Moiras are considered throwing. Even though they are doing what "earns" them that rank in the first place.
                    Yeah it’s fun playing Moira and getting criticized for having gold elims when you also have gold healing. I get silver and gold elims when I don’t even throw out damage orbs because if I’m not lifetapping I’m not healing.
            It's not mechanical skill for sure, but I see a LOT of terrible Moiras who do not have proper bladder control and constantly run out of piss.
                As a Moira player, I see a lot of terrible tanks who will position themselves to get blasted by the enemy team for no reason and then complain that I can’t outheal the damage they aren’t moving out of the way of. Can’t heal bad positioning with all the piss in the world, folks.
                    Oh for sure; there are terrible players all around, regardless of role. My point was, despite the lower mechanical requirements, Moira is far from the brainless hero many players claim her to be. The difference between a casual Moira and someone who has actually mastered her is night and day.

Her skill floor (which is where the discussion started) is a bit special, I would say - if you don't learn proper piss management, you will be unable to fulfill your role as a healer. In fact, I would much rather have an Ana (the support with the highest mechanical skill floor) who can't aim than a Moira who can't manage her charge.
                        I've been maining Moira for a long time (only casual, no comp) and since they nerfed her piss it's hard to keep it full, especially if I'm the only healer. And the fact that dps output only seems to get buffed doesn't help, either.

But tbh you can be out of piss and still do great healing easily, just need to use the heal ball effectively, and ult if you're desperate for heals.
                            Its worth knowing that moira has heal over time that slowly heals about 100hp or so and she can rapidly tap suck on an enemy to quickly build heal meter at the cost of damage, makes it much easier when you know that

Basically tap suck and tap heal unless youre trying to save a teammate/heal a low hp tank or killing an enemy/breaking a shield
                                I play Moira pretty aggressively, but it's really hard to suck on enemies when they're all playing snipers...
                I think a big issue is it’s not very clear at first that her healing lingers. Many low rank players probably treat it like a Mercy beam, holding heal all the way to full instead of just tapping
                > bladder control

LOL nice
                thats just being a bad player in general.... not appliable to "just" moira
        Skill floor is lower *

Floor is the minimum amount of value you get when played poorly. “Easy” hero’s have a high skill floor because if you play them poorly it’s still easy to get value
            Erm no. Skill floor is the minimum amount of “skill” required to generate value from that hero. A low skill floor hero is accessible, easy to pick up. Like soldier/ mercy for example.

You’ve got it completely wrong.
                [https://youtu.be/AQ4BAG520LY](https://youtu.be/AQ4BAG520LY)
                    Literally google it
                    I enjoyed watching that video when it came out, but Skyline did get some details in the video incorrect.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/5t6w9j/the_high_skill_floor_vs_low_skill_floor_debate/

His definitions simply don't meet the general consensus.
    Playing with a ball feels like having a child on your team trying to play single-player most of the time. Just swinging around the other side of the map and slamming the enemy team once in a while.
        The problem with Hammond is when he is feeding, he might as well be playing for the red team. Like he would actually helps his team more if he afks in spawn instead of being a freaking Meals on Wheels for the enemy team.
He was clearly asking for tank help deleting the enemy shield.  The enemy Reinhardt was likely getting value.  Swapping to hog and deleting the shield makes Rein almost useless
    What are you talking about? Shields can't be attacked, it's impossible.
        You must be a fellow member of the blue team. Only the red team possesses this strategic plan.
            Let's just say I have to play Zen and Bastion more than I'd ideally like to.
            Or mei walls. Shoot the fucking mei wall. It has 400 hp/pillar. Your reinhardt on the other side has 500 hp and shield. Shoot the fucking thing.
        *What are you talking*

*About? Shields can't be attacked,*

*It's impossible.*

\- CA_Orange

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
            good bot.
            What o_____O
                It's a bot triggered whenever anyone makes a comment that has the right number of syllables for a haiku.
                    I mean, i get it, I am just like wtf ist that haiku lol the worst haiku I have ever read lol
                        Yeah it's been around for the past couple days. 

I really hope it fucks off.
                            Do you want an Omnic crisis?  
 
Because that's how you get an Omnic crisis.
                                Wouldn't even be the worst or weirdest thing to happen in 2020. 

Had no idea bots where so popular, colour me suprised.
                            I really hope you fuck off mate i rate this bot
                                Hahahaha you're like 13
                            The bot is awesome. It detects haiku's for fun. You should get on board.
                                I know what it does lol i just find those bots obnoxious 

And earlier one had been edited that was like "before you complain real has two syllables" buT IT DOESN'T AT ALL
                                    Some bots aren't perfect. You can applaud the effort. Just give it some time.
            Good bot
        only enemy shields cant be attacked.
I'm not a fan of this meta personally. Though I love playing hog, the other roles are forced to play very scrappy. I miss the organized manner of main tanks in front with mostly everyone behind.
    The team plays are mostly gone and that sucks. This meta is largely about who has the better hog, which is an unfortunate thing to happen. The part of OW that I found the most enjoyable was the structure and roles, but if you try to play that way currently your shield will get shredded and your team will get burst down. This patch really flipped the game, and not in a good way.
        
>This meta is largely about who has the better hog, which is an unfortunate thing to happen.

As a hog main who hasn't played in a couple of months, I like to hear that. Looks like now's the time to get back into the game.
I mean shields are actually useless now. I feel helpless playing shield.
    How do you think supports feel? Lol 

You're sitting here getting shredded meanwhile all of us have been nerfed into the ground because dps players are garbage and cant hit the head. We cant do anything anymore
Seriously though. Anyone who asks for a shield tank right now is asking to lose if there is a Hog.
The problem with shields right now is that they get instantly deleted. Unless you are taking isolated duels with them you might as well not even have any.
Games are meant to be fun. Thats why i like mystery heroes and saying hello to everyone
    Ah i see you are a man of not sweating as well
Blizzard: *nerfs the piss out of healers and tanks but makes healers and tanks better at damage*

Also Blizzard: why does everyone just wanna play dps???
roadhog is the best shield in the game
    I was zarya, and saw rein use his ult.  Our hog was in front of the rein and all of our team was behind him.  So I bubble out hog and he [hog] blocks the rein ult for the whole team behind him
        I'm collecting clips of myself blocking Rein shatters as Zarya this meta. In 3 days I had a dozen clips. LOL
            Zarya is the ultimate shield in the end
    I blocked a McCree ult with roadhog's gut, that's the current state of the game right now.
That’s what happens when most of the tank characters are boring and passive as fuck. 

Pls blizzard, if you’re going to force role queue on us at least give us equal amounts of characters per role
I remember these great shields. More like paper these days unfortunately.
[deleted]
    Healer arent fun either. They all get nerfed into the ground
        :(
            I can hear the sad "mace to the face!" from here. At least they wont nerf brig again. Right?
                Like brig didn't deserve it?
                    Brig doesnt need anymore disappointment in her life man
        They were nerfed because they were OP. Ana counters the fuck out of Hog and is ridiculously fun to play. Moria is still OP. Mercy is a hoot too, but requires you to out position the other team, which no one is good at because they don't take the time to set their controls up properly.
Teammates asking for a shield tank is why I avoid that role, I just don't enjoy Sigma and Orisa any more and never been competent on Reinhardt.
I absolutely hate the state of hog right now, you don’t know pain until you’ve come back from spawn to immediately get hook shot
the way this isn’t even a joke bc hog is unironically the best tank in the game rn. I’m sick of that unkillable piggy
I don't get the whole not being able to play without a shield thing.
Besides, Baller does have a shield, but only he uses it.
U know im starting to hate the OW community and OW team like you had double shield right even before that u had rein zarya comps and bunker were shield were above 1000 now now after double shield is nerfed and the absolute state of shield in general is shit im seeing soooo much people complain that they want shield MAKE UP YOUR DAM MIND U WANT SHIELD OR NOT(P.S i blame dps players, Tank have it rough they should play whatever they want dont at me )
    Not only are you illiterate, but you’ve gotta join the circlejerk and blame the DPS too. 

Hell of a package.
Overwatch has such a magnificent roster of characters. Too bad you are forced to play certain ones to have fun
I like how people would rather have an orisa shield than a Winston bubble that has more health and a lower cooldown
I mean, in the current meta hog is pretty much a main tank. Most shields are useless, hog takes space just by existing and having a hook.
Hog Ball  meta guys.
"Let's do this!" Leroy Jenkins
I hate when people ask for a shield.
One could argue that standing in front of the enemy while using take a breather is a form of shielding which gives the enemy team ult charge.
Stop asking me to play shield. I suck at shield. I've won more games with Hog Zarya comp than I have when I play Rein. My winrate with Rein is abysmal but people insist I play Rein. Fuck.
Not shielding for gold rank ana or zen. This meta made me stop playing.
    Same here doe instead of quitting i just switched from main tank to dps.
Shields are bad rn anyway
support mains really be struggling
Hog’s belly is as good a shield as any
My cousin is a main tank main and I hard pocket him as Ana to win games nano blade nope nano rein.
Ayyy, if you want shield, queue shield. It sucks to play aa and the fun tanka don't have 'em (i do love Orisa though tbf). The audacity of some players is through the roof.
Ball technically has shields, just for himself though.
Sounds Ike you don't understand the current state of the game.
With the current meta the best shield is meat shield.
i personally believe that sigma and orisa are still very great picks. it's a slight curve to relearn how to use your shield but i think they went to 'powerful' down from 'overpowered'
I was playing with people online on bronze comp and they both said shields aren't meta and proceeded to not protect me a mercy
    I try and protect Mercy, but Mercy never rez me :'(((
        Maybe she had her brain racked, maybe it was the hero you chose, maybe she had another priority a lot of pressure rests on mercies its most likely not personal
The game is pick reinhardt or lose.

Or use X meta or guaranteed loss. No room for even slight creativity.
It’s a shitty game.
Roadhog is fat enough to be a shield.
I hate feeder ball
St4n, St4n, son, listen, man dad isn’t mad...
Got to love Hog Ball torture
Don’t give in to peer pressure tanks, they don’t need that shield.
Imagine asking for a shield in 2020. Just say "play Reinhardt". Hes the only one that still has a barrier
TFW you get flamed for picking shield. :(
    Wait, did you?
        Yeah, I have had people very insistently tell me I'm throwing for picking Rein on defence for first point Hanamura 2CP, same thing on Hollywood. "Rein is throwing", "Rein is bad against roadhog ball". I agree with the last statement but cp is still about holding for as long as possible. Worst was a game where a guy tells me to switch off of zaraya and go Rein. And then 3 mins later THE SAME GUY tell me rein is throw and tell me I need to pick zaraya. pepeMeltdown
This is exactly why I quit playing......I put hundred's of hours into this game only to be disappointed most of the time. I like to play competitively and unfortunately finding 6 people on the same page is difficult. Uninstalled. Friend had me reinstall to play a game. He couldn't make it so I hopped on to play a match. ONE GAME and I was back to deleting this game. I just don't have enough friends that are interested in this game and a large majority of the people who do play are selfish.
I played a game way my team was being destroyed by the enemy snipers and when someone asked for a shield one of the tanks said and I quote: oh SheID isN'T mETa anYMoRe.
    It's true though, as a Rein main, I've been playing Hog, or Zarya, shields get melted so fast now, that they are practically useless.
        Yes true but they only had snipers ash and widow
            Hmm, if they had a Hog, it'd still make sense, if not though then shield definitely would have been fine.
Tragic

That people don’t know how to play with no shield to hide behind
    1000% this
Anyone care to explain, I'm a bit out of the loop. Used to main Hog, but haven't played OW in almost six months. What has changed?
    Shields nerfed - roadhog damage buff
    Shields take more damage and Roadhog just does crazy amounts of damage
If you want shield tanks guess what?  Play a shield tank.  You people are hopeless.
Honestly this shieldless meta has been the most fun I've had in Overwatch since Winston and D.Va spearheaded dive. Doesn't matter what role I'm on.

I've been using the map space in more creative ways, I've had to remind myself how to strafe. I feel so alive in every single teamfight because I know one wrong move could end me, but I could also carry the teamfight if I start popping off.

I don't want Hog nerfed. I don't want shields buffed back up. It may be a hot take but I think continuing this direction could take the game into another golden age
Better this than two shields
If you *need* a shield, perhaps you should be willing to make a change to where you don’t **need** a shield. 

Sometimes the DPS just needs to switch to Pharah to deal with the bastion that keeps, wait for it, eating shields!
Yesterday I was paired in 3 consecutive games with some players who were just standing there waiting for the game to finish and making fun of us. I just don't get the point of doing that.
i hate how it's actually really like this. there's only 2 outcomes to this either you roll the team or they roll you. no in between
Reminds me of when our Mccree did not ult for 3 minutes and when we had 30 seconds left I told him "cree we need your ult" and he ulted in spawn out of spite lol
    Mccrees ult is used for reloading at higher ranks fyi. If you desperate need his ult then youre in trouble as his ult is arguably the worst ult in the game especially without shields, atleast dva is in a bad state i guess
        I see you did not read everything I typed so you had to add  that edit to try to justify what the mccree did lmao
            I edited it very quickly to clarify on it but call me out on it👏
Shields are straight trash right now and explaining that to people mid game is impossible
Why the f*** do I still get players that genuinely don't know why shields are bad in this meta
Why would he take a shield if it's not meta? U sound like my fucking ranked teammates. Hey pls can u take a shield? Hog sucks take a shield pls. Fucking plats and diamonds with zero game knowledge. Watch some fucking streams... EVERYONE IS PLAYING HOG ZARYA. ITS THE FUCKING META STOP BITCHING ABOUT IT.
    Considering that flair I have a hard time believing you cared about the meta when it didn’t suit your main
        My main was hog then he got nerfed the first time before doom came out then I was a dva and zarya main then Only a dva main then only a zarya main and when double shield became a thing I became a rein and sigma main. I have road flair because that was my favorite character back in the day and I never bothered to change it to zarya or dva or sigma or whatever. That flair means nothing but nice of you try and get some karma out of it. I can play any hero at pretty much the same level and usually play what's meta. Sure my best hero is zarya hence my highest SR ever was back when goats was a thing but still can play them all cuz I don't stick to play one hero for 23 seasons. I have 1000 hours on hog and zarya but also 1000 on all the other tanks together so I'm pretty rounded up.
I have been saying it and i will say it again. This game went to shit 2 years ago
    That's some incredible dedication; continuously showing up for the last two years to sporadically remind everyone.
        Hahah, these were my thoughts exactly. Like, move on with your life at that point?
            I think the anger they feel regarding this subject is one of the few things pumping blood through their veins. Just trying to stay alive, probably.
                Overwatch is shit and I hate it!!!

*sees other people having fun and still enjoying it*

):<
                    Oh god i got down voted to hell. This post had like 5 comments i didnt think it would go far. Well i deserved it ig. But issok cause this thread made me laugh lmao. I used to love this game a lot was pretty dedicated got diamond finally after starting at bronze. So i actually improved but the game wouldnt let me progress ever further than 3000 sr for 2 seasons straight. Whether or not that is because of my lack of skill needed to move forward or just because the comp system just wasnt good idk. Yall probably are gonna say its cause im bad at the game but i lost interest and felt like the game went to shit cause i got tired of the effort i had to put in to maintain sr and many people know that a lot of the big OW streamers also kind of know that imo. im looking forward the OW 2 tho so hopefully i have fun with that sorry for the toxicity the game just gives me bad memories.
        I guess anger and making sure no one likes the game you dislike are good motivators to go this long.
Here is the Problem with shields and why NOBODY wants to play a Shielded Tank:

Shielded Tankers are WEAK!  Yeah, i said it:

* [Reinhardt](https://overwatch.fandom.com/wiki/Reinhardt) can't literally DO NOTHING while he has his shield up, his Hammer is strong but when he drops the shield to do something the healers behind him just die.
* [Orisa](https://overwatch.fandom.com/wiki/Orisa) has a nice shield, but she has a Toy Machine Gun that shoots hundreds of VERY weak TOY bullets that can only kill anyone if it remains still and take at least 100 shots.
* [Sigma](https://overwatch.fandom.com/wiki/Sigma) ? those who play Sigma almost never use the shield, and when they do, they put it in the wrong place, and when the healers moves behind the shield, ya know, for protection, then the stupid Sigma decides to move it to shield himself alone, and the healer dies, then starts spamming 'I NEED HEALING, I NEED HEALING'.
* [Winston](https://overwatch.fandom.com/wiki/Winston) I just facking HATE MONKEYS, so... Fack Winston ┌П┐(ಠ\_ಠ).
Pffft that’s nothin. Tf2 has a bot crisis and the devs aren’t doing shit
    Team fortress has nothing to do with this.
    who the fuck asked about tf2 retard
You mean "the absolute state of the game in plat or below"
    GM meta is Hog Zarya rn too...
        I main zarya and I love the charge I get off of bubbling my roadhog but I still like having a shield to duck behind if I’m taking too much damage. Without a rein shield I feel like my team (at least the healers) will get deleted faster than my shield of junkrat bombs are raining in on us
            Yep, it's a messy deathmatch meta.
        In fact, according to Overbuff, Rein only has high pick rates in plat or below...
    You're aware that at least half the player base is Plat or below, right...?

The game plays very differently when you don't have a 6 stack, or when you're on console with a controller instead of mouse and keyboard.

Balancing the game with only top level PC players in mind leaves a lot of players, probably the majority, playing an unbalanced game.

You wanna be smug about having too much time to play and dedicated teammates you can stack with regularly, then congrats. But don't pretend something isn't an issue just because it doesn't affect you personally.
        Stupid but important correction. 86% of players are plat and below
        Way more than half even, diamond is like top 10% so the other 90% would fall into the “plat or below” category iirc
            Oh ok, even more so to my point then!

Guess I was misinformed, my friend told me Platinum was like the middle of the pack; that being Diamond meant you were "decent", but not "good".
                I was told gold was average, like a C+ and plat is like a B, and so on
                That’s not really wrong either, according to a post made by Jeff Kaplan, 28% of players are below gold, 55% are gold or plat, and 14% are above plat. So more than half of the player base is gold or plat. The post by Jeff I’m referencing is from 2018 so I’m sure there have been some changes since then, but it’s still nice to know as a reference. I’m sure there’s an updated list out there somewhere
hOgMetA.......smh no. People just dont focus properly
    That’s of course a big factor...tho i’m not sure if it should be the case that one tank can two shot other tanks....for characters like tracer or other little dps dealers, sure that makes sense but tank versus tank...
        I’m trash tier. Are you exaggerating or can hog actually two shot other tanks?
            A hook + a good shot will nearly kill a 400 hp tank without armor. If they do have armor, it's still pretty close to 2 shots if aimed well (which isn't too hard to do!)
                Is well aimed for hog mid body because of his spread? I almost always play main tank, but have been trying to learn more hog since the new meta. Appreciate your tips!
                    You actually want to aim for the neck area as the headshots are very valuable. I was a flex tank player except roadhog, but I've also been putting in time to learn hog and it's been working decently.
                        Ok, good to know. I wasn’t sure if the spread from the scrap gun would make aiming for the head cause less overall DPS. Thanks friend!

Side note because of your username, do you live in Korea or are you just Korean? I live in Daegu!
                            I am actually Korean, but living in the US :)
                                Small world, looks like we traded homes. I’ll try to eat some extra Bibimbab for you tomorrow.
                holy crap, why is it so powerful again?
                    The recent hog buffs lol. The gun does so much damage.
                        Interesting, have the devs mentioned why they brought back the ol hooky one tap? Was Hog under performing or something?
                            Hog was always an underperformer until now. He used to always be a liability, (usually) feeding a ton of ult charge and just being unable to do anything against shields. Now the tables have turned.
                                That makes sense. I definitely understand the feeding argument.
                            Hook has always been a 1 tap. The dps that que for tank just didnt know how to hook step.
    Everyone who downvoted this cant count to five.
Tbh Hog with Take a Breather is probably more effective at tanking damage than Sigma's shield at this stage.
    But the ult charge...
        Yeah get whole hog even faster.
        Some enemy ult charge and a live tank on your side, or no ult charge and a dead and shredded Sigma lying on the ground?
        i've always liked that idea that i've seen people suggest where Roadhog gets a passive called "Irradiated" that makes it so he gives less ult charge than normal when you hit him.
            I actually like this. I feel like primal winston needs this too.
                *I actually*

*Like this. I feel like primal*

*Winston needs this too.*

\- Pnspi2

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
                    good bot
                    [deleted]
                        Heathen
                    bad bot
                Primal winston is just an ult battery for the enemies for the most part lmfao
                    Primal winston is often used wrong anyways. If you die in primal it better be because you were in OT.  


Otherwise primals main job is to displace for your team. Too many winstons use it to just feed instead
            they would have to need him first tho
            Me too, although I though of the name "Intimidation"
            Doesn't he sort of already give out 50% less charge as it's a damage reduction when huffing paint? 


Granted he could have been given another buff that reduces charge gain by 50% without the damage reduction at all times, though definitely not in the current state of affairs.



Winston however could use this buff right now. Be it 1000 health with 50% charge gains, or 500 health with 50% damage reduction like Hog.
    Observe the hogbelly!
    Too bad they always run around on their own trying to pick, leaving their team to fend for themselves
        Literally had this happen over the weekend. Me and another teammate pointed out to Hog after defeat that he needs to work more with the team.

His response was "But I got picks, tho"

At which point another teammate responded "But we lost tho"
    Now if only he could block LoS doing so
    How's body-blocking Ashe's Dynamite, Ana's Biotic Grenade, and generally any form of AoE working out?
        Tbh Ashe and Ana are typically throwing those OVER the barriers anyway.
        It's working better than shields because its the top meta right now
            Yes this coming from a Reinhardt main.  I mean I can still play him but his shield is gone almost instantly and I get zero effect because I have to get all the way to the ash or the Anna or the McCree while they are currently zapping all of my health.
I switched to roadhog and suddenly I am decimating people including other tanks who were dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.
                >dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.

This is absolutely correct, and it's a problem.
            I dunno hey... hogs in my matches just hide out behind healers and dps and complain about shit dps.
            It's best not to confuse what's popular with what meets functional requirements.
                The functional requirement is winning. Go watch like any GM game right now. They’re not running shield 90% of the time. Shield in low ranks with less coordination are even worse.
                    Yeah, let's not bastardize terminology I use in arbitrary ways. By "functional requirement", I mean a very specific action that a teammate requests that can be performed regardless of what the enemy team does. Winning can't be a functional requirement because the enemy can stop it from happening. 

Anyway, as a non-GM, I often request a shield to block off the AoE damage that is either letting Ashe charge ult stupidly fast, the nade preventing me from effectively healing teammates mid-push, and the exploding D. Va mech that's wiping the more poorly-positioned teammates repeatedly.
Nothing like hitting the inhaler to tank some stray damage.
    Hog has asthma
        Probably from all the nuclear fallout
        sucks to your ass-mar.
I find a lot of people are using 'Hog now but not understand this roll, and will hide around corners.
    Thats because if you dont hide around corners half of the time then the enemy Soldier will have ult every 45 seconds.
        In that instance you'd need a Zarya or Winston to back you up or know it's time to switch out.
    People play hog like reaper or something. Just flank for kills no where near his team
Say *bacon* one more time...
Shields for me, but not for thee
Accurate.


Also, Winston's bubble doesn't count
    [deleted]
        And since Orisa was butchered as well, it just means "pls go rein"
            Truth be told, it's always kind of meant please go Rein.


Even when Orisa was in an OP state about 10-15 months ago I would have choosing beggars sigh and be all like "I say to pick a shield and you went Orisa/Sigma/Winston".


I sort of get the grievance with Winston, especially back when his barrier didn't last long, but the choosing beggar is usually some DPS who doesn't even end up sticking with you when you go Rein.
                Always been like that. 

When I solo-queue as tank I sometimes give them one, one single chance on Rein. If they stick with me, I stick with Rein.

The moment they go off on their own I swap to Wrecking Ball. "You're throwing!"? No, I was throwing by playing shield man when y'all CLEARLY didn't want my fuckin' shield. Now I can go off and play on my own like y'all want to, too.
                Most dps don't understand the game that well even in diamond. They have good mechanics and that's it.   


Tanks and supports on the other hand, I found some gold tanks have better game sense and knowledge than some diamond dps.  


Now I'm not generalizing because I know some diamond dps who have weak mechanics and great gamesense. It's just the role is less reliant on it than say tank is.
                People just want a big thing to hide behind without any effort on their part. Winston's shield is on a long cooldown, Orisa's shield is small and doesn't allow for easy forward pushing and Sigma's shield requires finesse due to not being immediate, being immovable once placed and having a cooldown before you can deploy it again. 

A Rein shield is easy to rally behind in a way no other Tank's shield does because it's always there unless the Rein puts it away or it's broken. That's why you constantly have people screaming for the Rein to keep his shield up no matter what.
            Plus rein is complete dog shit right now.
        Isn't Sig's shield still better than Orisa's?
            [deleted]
                I more meant his shield has more hp
You can hate how powerful something is while simultaneously wanting it for your own comp due to it being strong.
I think the issue was the Sigma orissa double shields, because it was the best, but you could play other comps though it would be hard. Now this meta has literally 3 and a half functioning tanks. Zarya hog ball and monkey if used correctly
    I think this is more an issue with the lack of tank heroes and tank diversity than anything. While as a tank main I have a ton of problems with how they've handled the game over the past year and a half or so, the thing that is clear through all the debate is that the tank role needs more options and more range. 

It also doesn't help that the latest tank released was shield based and Blizzard just decided they don't really want shields to be much of a thing anymore.
        True, there's also a restriction of what tanks are supposed to do, we got main tanks and off tanks with the small subdivision of dive which has monkey dva and Hammond, if you were able increase the amounts of roles that tanks could take up, the meta would be so 1 dimensional where if you can't beat them, join them.
            Blizzard will have to either get very creative in designing new tanks or learn to stop adjusting the game based on vocal critics who will always, always find something to fault in the game no matter what. 

With dive, tanks could get kills like DPS, but we didn't like that so we introduced sombra, Brig, etc. to stop it. Dive hasn't been viable in years. 

With GOATS, tanks were able to overwhelm and outlast their opponents. But it wasn't exciting to watch, especially in the inevitable mirror match, and excluded DPS players, so we literally changed the structure of the game to stop that. 

Then double shields emerged, and tanks were able to strategically set up hold points and outlast their opponent, relying heavily on DPS to get through the opposing shields and get kills. But we didn't like that, because we didn't like shooting shields, so boom, nothing but nerfs for all shield tanks for about 8 months now. At this point, Orisa is a joke. 

My point is - I sympathize with the devs. What are they supposed to do when literally everything they come up with for how tanks function and their role in the game is criticized? You give tanks more agency like dive and there's complaints. You try to make them more passive and team based and people freak because they don't like shooting shields. It's a lose-lose.
This is honestly the first meta where I stopped playing Rein. 10+ seasons of swinging my hammer (unless the map was really anti-rein, than I go Sigma or smth) only to be deleted by a man who shoots pieces of scrap...

Well I started as a Hog main before going Rein anyways so I guess I’m back at my roots.
    Same, except I started as a DVa main and picked up Rein during competitive season 3. 

I'm sad now.
        Yeah. I like fps games in general, using nat cover, fragging, etc.

But that’s not why I play Overwatch or the tank role.

Overwatch’s uniqueness was the teamplay elements and that’s all gone now.

When I wanna to shoot things, I go to Apex or Valorant, not Overwatch.
            Yes agreed. Valorant and CSGO are great competitive games but they are far less reliant on teamwork and teambased fights. It's hold a corner and either die instantly or get an instant kill. That's fine.

But overwatch isn't that kind of game.

Overwatch's higher TTK and ability based gameplay is supposed to be a moba with some FPS elements. But damage creep and one shot kill abilities is ruining it.

Before anyone say that I suck at positioning. It's not that. I hug corners and use cover too. It's just the shift to adding more One shot kill is changing the core of the game into something it isn't.
        I miss murderD.Va :(
            Oh SAAAAMMMEEE
            Oh god... the days of 200hp and 400 armor. Man... I miss those days
    Top 500 on console and pc and I unsinstalled the game completely lol 

Rein main but played all tanks. 

The thing about this patch is... you have no options and you have no impact. My cotank would lock hog, that’s fine I’m not the best hog. But I had zero other playable options. Rein gets melted, sigma gets melted and hooked when you grasp, orisa is useless and gets melted, dva is an easy hook and demech, ball is okay but easily gets hooked, zarya is okay but you have to be ready to die to random spam. 

And on top of all this, even if I went zarya or ball it would just be a 50/50. Who’s hog gets the hook first? Who’s Ashe picks the enemy healer first? 

As a tank my job was to PROTECT these people. Now I just watch them die and hope we get lucky and win. I had a 60% + win rate in my climb from diamond to top 500 and that rate only went up when I got around gm. I was prepared to get into top 200 or higher. Then this shit tier patch dropped and the game fell apart. No structure, no teamwork, no intelligent play. I told people within two games on the new patch that it was the worst overwatch has ever been. They said “mad cause bad” and now a week later everyone’s making videos about how bad this meta is (I used to need to watch videos to tell me how patches changed the game but now I’m good enough to know). And now within a week blizzard is hurriedly trying to nerf power creep. 

It’s a big fat I told ya so. But seriously who the hell is doing the balancing at blizzard? It’s literally the level of a plat players understanding of the game. (Nothing wrong with plat players just that blizzard should understand their game more)
        I'm still mortified that they nerfed Zarya's damage hard but not Hog.  


I am ok with reverting her, but she isn't the problem here. Hog is.
    Same bro. It’s gotten to the point where I’m not even gonna play the game because of how bad all the characters I enjoy are. I can’t stand playing hog zarya for more than 2 games. It’s just not fun.
    This is not even the strongest hog has been.
He still has the strongest shield though. I won’t play him unless I have teammates that stay behind the shield. No use being a rein if you have a genji and a pharah on your team. Most the time even the healers are off the payload healing those that run their own way. Rein is best used at small chokes like Kings Row (taking A) and keeping up the shield so your team doesn’t get sniped by an Ashe or a widow. Heck people run off so much that even on Dva bombs I feel like I’m only shielding myself. But his shield is still a lot stronger than sigma or orisa’s shield. I feel like I’m doing the best holding my shield when I have a slow zenyata behind me or a sniper that actually is behind me and not on a ledge 100 feet away. But say Havana for instance that shield is so important to keep your team from getting sniped because their is ALWAYS a sniper at the end of the road in that second story building. Either way shields are important but I feel reins is the only useful one. Sigma and orisa’s shield are destroyed in seconds and then they are main targets. It still surprises me they nerfed sigmas shield from 900 to 700hp, I don’t get that at all
    Your example for rien to be good is: they have good snipers that pick our supports and good angles for those snipers, The team has to group and be behind the shield,  you don't have a sniper that challenges the other snipers/picks the other snipers, and the map has to be the right one that your shield gets through short moves to other cover and the distance is short to get to the other team.   


For Hog to be good: Playing overwatch  
For Zarya to be good: Playing overwatch without orisa

That is the problem.
        You don't have to worry about Orisa anymore, her shield is as thicc as a kleenex and her HP just got nerfed again. Just be ready to take a corner and reload for a second when she fortifies or drops her ult. Most of them don't seem to realize they need to run away from the scary glowing Russian lady until it's too late.
        Hog is a big problem. I can be a zarya with 100 energy on my gun and can’t solo kill him before his heal ability is off cooldown. I wish they would give zarya headshot damage:(. But I know that will never happen so I hope they nerf hog soon, at least extend the cooldown on his heal ability. 100 power Zarya should have no problem with anybody
            >I can be a zarya with 100 energy on my gun and can’t solo kill him

At 100 energy you have 170 dps, hog has 600 health and 8s CD on breather. Even with just 50% accuracy you should burn him down before the CD is up.
                Say you are on hog and when you get him to 10 health he used his heal. The 8 second cooldown it takes starts, but then you have to reload for zarya which takes 2 seconds. By the time you get him close to death again, his heal is back ready to use
                    But hog only heals 300hp. So you're now dealing with just 310hp hog. It's useless to shoot him while he's using breather (50% dmg reduction) so just reload then. You should be reloaded and ready to finish half-hp hog about 6s before his breather is ready again...
                        Reloading while he heals is a pretty good tip. I thought it healed a lot more than 300
                        Didn't know he had dmg reduction while taking a breather.  Great advice, thanks!
                            Overwatch (well ow2 probably) needs to work on communicating what heroes actually do. At the very least it needs some easily browsable codex with all the heroes and their abilities and ideally raw numbers. Right now you have to pick the hero and press F1 to learn what the abilities do and if you want raw numbers you have to go to external resources.
                            He can survive a point blank D.Va nuke because of it by the way. It does 1000 damage, so long as he's over 500 health and starts huffing as it's about to go off be gets booped a little. He can walk away with up to 400 health standing on the nuke.
                                Yep I will often hook nuke into a small room and then block the blast with my vape by standing in the doorway. I get free ult charge and help my team.  


Unfortunately I did this once and genji who dashed to cover, dashed into the room I hooked the bomb in. Sorry genji
                His armor and all man it just doesn’t happen. I’ve blasted him with 100% accuracy
                    Hog doesnt have armor.
                        Well factor in zarya having to reload. I’m telling ya, 100 energy I cannot solo a hog with my beam right in his fat belly
                    > His armor

Hog doesn't have armor. Just 600 regular HP.
                        Right I made a mistake there but I explained further in a comment abover. Factoring in zarya’s 2 second reload gives his cooldown two extra seconds so you only get a 6 seconds window to damage him. Also factoring in loss of energy on zaryas gun unless he’s shooting you, and if you get hooked that’s a good 4 seconds of you being unable to damage him. I’m just saying anyone as zarya vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight. I’ve just came to realize that long fight is usually best to avoid until you have backup. Heck a roadhog with a zenyatta healing orb on him could probably beat Godzilla
                            >vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight.

why should it be an easy fight?
                                Well easier than it is. Fighting every hero I feel like I have a chance. I’m not saying an easy fight I’m saying a more fair fight
        But yes nothing is more irritating than being a rein with no team communication so nobody stands behind the shield and you get surrounded
[deleted]
    I've always thought that tanks need to be tankier. Not just shield but being more resistant to CC and damage means they can draw more damage away from their team and focus on outsmarting the other tank.
and good luck finding a lucio who also knows when to speed you in so u can close the gap before ur shield is nuked
Aye. 50 hours on rein (Because I play other tanks too)  


He's been horrible to play the last 6 months. Add that shatter revert and fuck. I can't even shatter anymore. I can get a 5 man shatter, no one on the enemy team dies and then I get melted  


Shatter feels like I am using deadeye in how suicidal it is.  


Despite that though I still play him because while hog is fun. He feels like a dps more than a tank.
What elo are you in, just curious

He still has the most shields and Ana, bap is stronger than ever..?
    Ana is actually in a great place. But they're dead on with shields. It's the same cycle as a Rein.

- Put up shield.
- Shield gets shot down in 5 seconds or less.
- Wait for shield to regen and use body as a shield in the meantime to protect healers.
- Use shield when it comes up.
- Shield is destroyed.
- Rinse and repeat.

It's just a horrible meta for tanks. It's so incredibly boring for us while DPS are having the times of their lives.
        DPS are complaining though.  


Most of the buffs they got were from goats. but guess what. We have role queue now.   


Blizzard needs to revert almost every GOATs patch.
            Blizz has reverted quite a few of the dps buffs- most noteable reaper and mei and mccree
                Yeah and I hope it doesn't stop there. Goat patches made sense at the time but post-rolequeue these patches only make the game a mess.
As a support, I second the positioning thing. Stop asking for healing if you’re out in the open getting nailed by Junkrat grenades or Pharah rockets.
    Or a genji spamming i need healing at the enemies spawn door while you're a zen being chased. And then he goes: healing??
        I understand the role of support means moving to and supporting teammates, but do they need to make it harder by running away or being across the map from spawn when you just died running after them?
            Or they're just waiting around a corner for you to walk to them spamming i need healing. I'm done with those people, no healing if you suck that much at situational awareness.
                Or they're playing Tracer, continuing to strafe left and right while poking the enemy from 30m away at a sliver of health. You're playing Ana, so you miss two heals that could have gone onto your front-line tanks.
                Or I'm a tank at 25 hp standing behind the mercy spamming I need healing, but she's too busy boosting the bastion. So i play hog.
                    You’re standing behind the Mercy and expecting them to see you? You can make it easier for them to heal you by moving closer
                        And put myself into LOS and die to random shit?
                            [deleted]
                                No shit?
                    The tank behind me is less important than the DPS in front of me.
                        Boosting the bastion is more important than healing your tank with 25 hp? Ok.
            I hate it when our Hammond is needing healing but he keeps rolling away from like damn just stop for a second.
                Moira players get a lot of hate for not using the heal orb but I can’t even estimate the number of times my team just runs away from the healing orb or completely ignores it when I toss it into a room for maximum bounces.
                    I use my heal orb all the time and ive still been yelled at for not using it before lol. One time, someone was far away from me, super low on health, asking for heals. My orb was on CD and wouldn't have even reached them in time anyway, but they go off on me about how I need to use my heal orb.
                        I had to quit competitive this season because I kept getting matched with toxic D.Va players who would harass me and spam “I need healing” while I was actively healing them with the spray and my healing orb was bouncing around them. I moved to Quick Play Classic and Lucioball and my mental health has thanked me.
                            As a D.va main, I HATE D.va players that make her look bad like this.  I tell my healers "I'll come to YOU when I need healing, if I don't, its my own fault, don't chase me, cuz you'll die".  D.va can fly ffs!  Rush in, do damage, fly out, repeat till low'ish on health, fly back to healer/payload (payload heals...slowly).  Not that hard!
                                No hate to D.Va or D.Va mains! I’ve had great matches with D.Va players, it was just 4 matches in a row with different teams where I was getting harassed/blamed via Xbox messages outside of the game in addition to spamming the heal voice line and distracting me in-game while I was trying to climb back up to gold. It was definitely not fun the 2nd time, let alone the 3rd and 4th.
                        I feel you. 

As Moira, I had a toxic AF DPS soldier screaming at me for not healing them. I asked where they were located. “Behind you” was the answer. Like bro, how am I supposed to heal, let alone see you, when you are **behind** me?! 

We win that match and I got a card for healing. I reported him.
            Playing ring around the rosy is what drives me mad when I’m trying to heal. Like, can’t we all see each other thru walls now??
        Even the genji who spams "I need healing" while standing behind you, safe. It's great. You're not out of position. But our tanks and the other DPS in the choke are soaking up 100% of the healing I have to give, and If I turn to heal you they will die.

You are safe. Go get the healthpack 20 feet away.
    it's frustrating sometimes.  not all players seem to realize that tanks and supports have a finite number of resources/cooldowns.  it isn't magic, teams help those who help themselves
    Same with people asking for rezzes! Just yesterday I was on Mercy, and a teammate died. Asked for a res like 3 times in VC, so i look around and find him. No enemies on/near the body that i could see, so i fly over there. As soon as I get to him, I realize that half the enemy team has direct LoS to his body (and now me), but i hadn't been able to see them from my previous positioning. Instantly died and lost my res. 

And people do this all the time, demanding rezzes when there is no safe way to rez them. Just please have some awareness before you ask for that
        Dude when I was in gold I use to tell Mercy to NOT rezz me because it's very common for mercy at that rank to perform suicidal rezzes.  


It bothers me to no end when I hear dps scream "Rez please" and they are literally dead in the midst of 5 enemies. I don't even play Mercy but it cringes me every time I hear some doomfist one trick decides to suicide and then ask for a rez
            I try really hard to not suicide-res, even if people are begging for it. Really annoyed me that time because the coast looked clear from my perspective, until I reached his body and THEN i could see all the enemies. I dont understand how some players are so careless to ask Mercy to suicide for them. Do they even realize that a failed res still puts it on a long-ass CD?
                > long ass-cd

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
                A tip not just for mercy but literally every hero is to pay attention and think about enemy and teammate positioning constantly. Do it until it comes naturally.

Makes rez and other risky moves much easier
    WHY DIDNT YOU HEAL ME WHEN ALL 6 WERE SHOOTING ME DED?!@#11
    Yes! The worst is DPS that go out all alone and scream about “shitty heals”. 

Like, dude, meet me halfway, *and* do a better job.
        When I play flanker and a support tells me to stay in LOS. I always tell them to not worry about me. Heal our tanks, focus them instead.

Heal me when they can see me but don't go out of their way to save me either.

When I play a flanker, it's my responsibility to manage my health and healthpacks. It's how I climbed from bronze to high plat on DPS
    I love it when people say bad healers when they are "flanking" the entire game, out in the open, 3v1 etc.

 And with Roadhog being meta people are constantly looking for cheese hooks while being completely away from the team.
    If a dps spams "I need healing", I spam "no"
        I need to quick bind that, I usually rely on waiting for the sarcastic “Thanks!” so I can respond with “You’re Welcome.”
    My god, yes. Got screamed at in comp the other day because I wasn't healing through a junkrat standing ahead of our shield and getting nailed by all the enemy hitscans.

There isn't enough healing in the world, baby.
    As a support, junk spam from 3 maps away that I can’t even hear drives me fuckin INSANE

One time I was on lijiang night market and I’m going MAD trying to figure out how I’m taking damage when I can’t even see an enemy junkrat or even hear his nades bounce...

I finally glance up at the top left window at the front of the point and see a nade *literally* bounce off the bottom corner of that window and then bounce off the left wall and back down onto the point. 

You wanna talk about simple geometry?? My god the phrase “it’s actually frowned upon by junkrat mains to even see the enemy team” has never been more accurate. 

At least with pharahs rockets you can hear them coming.
        Haha I was that asshole who mained Junkrat before the days of Role Queue. I haven't played DPS in a while because I couldn't stand the queue times, but I've been getting back into it with Quick Play Classic. I remember the days when Junkrat's own grenades could hurt him, so they had to be more cautious to line up their shot.
    A please for the love of god move forward. I'm tired of seeing BEHIND the team.
Exactly this. Even the times I've provided shields for the teams, they ended up just doing their own thing because of their lack of faith in shields. Nowadays if the team wants shields, I might go Winston just so I can play around the team and initiate on the fly when needed, but its been a while since I busted out the likes of Rein.
    Rein can be so great, but the team really has to play around you.  not just ana standing behind you hard-scoping flankers while you slowly lose all shields and HP
Most of the time I say it when I mean "we need a front line". Ball/Winston/Hog flanking and hitting the back line doesn't help when there Zarya+Rein is pushing the cart and we are getting destroyed..
    that's fair.  zarya and hog can hold the front against a zarya and rein these days, but if the hog just wants to flank he may not be helping.  i've always played off tank, but i actually try to assist with the tanking instead of being a wannabe dps
It’s easy to say this, but getting rolled by a Widowmaker when you’re trying to push point is very infuriating.

Sure, you can hide behind corners. But this is an objective based game, and so you can’t hug a corner forever.
As a Zarya main, I understand that we need a sheild and switch to orisa when It is needed.
What is a main tank?
    Mainly rein, Orisa, Winston, and sometime sigma and ball
        I know it was a joke because main tank has basically been deleted due to roadhog being so strong right now. Zarya hog is meta. 
I mean thanks for responding though. It's nice to know that a new player could find out this information so quickly if they wanted to. Goes to show that there are still bright spots in the community.
            Ah, gotcha
            It’s been a few weeks since I’ve played. Haven’t kept up on patches either. Did they buff Roadhog?
                Yep. And mega nerfed orisa and nerfed sigma. Shields are no more
    Tanks that create space; Winston, Rein, Orisa, and Ball. Off tanks are Zarya, Sigma, Dva, Hog (but he feels more like a dps than anything)
Hog and ball can work really well as tanks when used properly. The skill floor is just higher than many of the other tanks and it's easy to get carried away chasing kills.  
It's the same as Moira for a healer, you've got to keep yourself in check and play the role properly.
    I wouldn’t say Moira has a high skill floor tho..
        No, it's the getting carried away bit that leads to technically skilled players sucking as Moira.
            Sounds like every hero. People just rag on dps Moira’s
                DPS (flanking) Moiras is a product of low ranked players finding great success in taking out entire backlines of equally low ranked opponents. Which conditions them to employ the same flanking tactics over and over. Up till a certain rank where players are mechanically strong enough to hold their own; where these Moiras are considered throwing. Even though they are doing what "earns" them that rank in the first place.
                Yeah it’s fun playing Moira and getting criticized for having gold elims when you also have gold healing. I get silver and gold elims when I don’t even throw out damage orbs because if I’m not lifetapping I’m not healing.
        It's not mechanical skill for sure, but I see a LOT of terrible Moiras who do not have proper bladder control and constantly run out of piss.
            As a Moira player, I see a lot of terrible tanks who will position themselves to get blasted by the enemy team for no reason and then complain that I can’t outheal the damage they aren’t moving out of the way of. Can’t heal bad positioning with all the piss in the world, folks.
                Oh for sure; there are terrible players all around, regardless of role. My point was, despite the lower mechanical requirements, Moira is far from the brainless hero many players claim her to be. The difference between a casual Moira and someone who has actually mastered her is night and day.

Her skill floor (which is where the discussion started) is a bit special, I would say - if you don't learn proper piss management, you will be unable to fulfill your role as a healer. In fact, I would much rather have an Ana (the support with the highest mechanical skill floor) who can't aim than a Moira who can't manage her charge.
                    I've been maining Moira for a long time (only casual, no comp) and since they nerfed her piss it's hard to keep it full, especially if I'm the only healer. And the fact that dps output only seems to get buffed doesn't help, either.

But tbh you can be out of piss and still do great healing easily, just need to use the heal ball effectively, and ult if you're desperate for heals.
                        Its worth knowing that moira has heal over time that slowly heals about 100hp or so and she can rapidly tap suck on an enemy to quickly build heal meter at the cost of damage, makes it much easier when you know that

Basically tap suck and tap heal unless youre trying to save a teammate/heal a low hp tank or killing an enemy/breaking a shield
                            I play Moira pretty aggressively, but it's really hard to suck on enemies when they're all playing snipers...
            I think a big issue is it’s not very clear at first that her healing lingers. Many low rank players probably treat it like a Mercy beam, holding heal all the way to full instead of just tapping
            > bladder control

LOL nice
            thats just being a bad player in general.... not appliable to "just" moira
    Skill floor is lower *

Floor is the minimum amount of value you get when played poorly. “Easy” hero’s have a high skill floor because if you play them poorly it’s still easy to get value
        Erm no. Skill floor is the minimum amount of “skill” required to generate value from that hero. A low skill floor hero is accessible, easy to pick up. Like soldier/ mercy for example.

You’ve got it completely wrong.
            [https://youtu.be/AQ4BAG520LY](https://youtu.be/AQ4BAG520LY)
                Literally google it
                I enjoyed watching that video when it came out, but Skyline did get some details in the video incorrect.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/5t6w9j/the_high_skill_floor_vs_low_skill_floor_debate/

His definitions simply don't meet the general consensus.
Playing with a ball feels like having a child on your team trying to play single-player most of the time. Just swinging around the other side of the map and slamming the enemy team once in a while.
    The problem with Hammond is when he is feeding, he might as well be playing for the red team. Like he would actually helps his team more if he afks in spawn instead of being a freaking Meals on Wheels for the enemy team.
What are you talking about? Shields can't be attacked, it's impossible.
    You must be a fellow member of the blue team. Only the red team possesses this strategic plan.
        Let's just say I have to play Zen and Bastion more than I'd ideally like to.
        Or mei walls. Shoot the fucking mei wall. It has 400 hp/pillar. Your reinhardt on the other side has 500 hp and shield. Shoot the fucking thing.
    *What are you talking*

*About? Shields can't be attacked,*

*It's impossible.*

\- CA_Orange

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
        good bot.
        What o_____O
            It's a bot triggered whenever anyone makes a comment that has the right number of syllables for a haiku.
                I mean, i get it, I am just like wtf ist that haiku lol the worst haiku I have ever read lol
                    Yeah it's been around for the past couple days. 

I really hope it fucks off.
                        Do you want an Omnic crisis?  
 
Because that's how you get an Omnic crisis.
                            Wouldn't even be the worst or weirdest thing to happen in 2020. 

Had no idea bots where so popular, colour me suprised.
                        I really hope you fuck off mate i rate this bot
                            Hahahaha you're like 13
                        The bot is awesome. It detects haiku's for fun. You should get on board.
                            I know what it does lol i just find those bots obnoxious 

And earlier one had been edited that was like "before you complain real has two syllables" buT IT DOESN'T AT ALL
                                Some bots aren't perfect. You can applaud the effort. Just give it some time.
        Good bot
    only enemy shields cant be attacked.
The team plays are mostly gone and that sucks. This meta is largely about who has the better hog, which is an unfortunate thing to happen. The part of OW that I found the most enjoyable was the structure and roles, but if you try to play that way currently your shield will get shredded and your team will get burst down. This patch really flipped the game, and not in a good way.
    
>This meta is largely about who has the better hog, which is an unfortunate thing to happen.

As a hog main who hasn't played in a couple of months, I like to hear that. Looks like now's the time to get back into the game.
How do you think supports feel? Lol 

You're sitting here getting shredded meanwhile all of us have been nerfed into the ground because dps players are garbage and cant hit the head. We cant do anything anymore
Ah i see you are a man of not sweating as well
I was zarya, and saw rein use his ult.  Our hog was in front of the rein and all of our team was behind him.  So I bubble out hog and he [hog] blocks the rein ult for the whole team behind him
    I'm collecting clips of myself blocking Rein shatters as Zarya this meta. In 3 days I had a dozen clips. LOL
        Zarya is the ultimate shield in the end
I blocked a McCree ult with roadhog's gut, that's the current state of the game right now.
Healer arent fun either. They all get nerfed into the ground
    :(
        I can hear the sad "mace to the face!" from here. At least they wont nerf brig again. Right?
            Like brig didn't deserve it?
                Brig doesnt need anymore disappointment in her life man
    They were nerfed because they were OP. Ana counters the fuck out of Hog and is ridiculously fun to play. Moria is still OP. Mercy is a hoot too, but requires you to out position the other team, which no one is good at because they don't take the time to set their controls up properly.
Not only are you illiterate, but you’ve gotta join the circlejerk and blame the DPS too. 

Hell of a package.
Same here doe instead of quitting i just switched from main tank to dps.
I try and protect Mercy, but Mercy never rez me :'(((
    Maybe she had her brain racked, maybe it was the hero you chose, maybe she had another priority a lot of pressure rests on mercies its most likely not personal
Wait, did you?
    Yeah, I have had people very insistently tell me I'm throwing for picking Rein on defence for first point Hanamura 2CP, same thing on Hollywood. "Rein is throwing", "Rein is bad against roadhog ball". I agree with the last statement but cp is still about holding for as long as possible. Worst was a game where a guy tells me to switch off of zaraya and go Rein. And then 3 mins later THE SAME GUY tell me rein is throw and tell me I need to pick zaraya. pepeMeltdown
It's true though, as a Rein main, I've been playing Hog, or Zarya, shields get melted so fast now, that they are practically useless.
    Yes true but they only had snipers ash and widow
        Hmm, if they had a Hog, it'd still make sense, if not though then shield definitely would have been fine.
1000% this
Shields nerfed - roadhog damage buff
Shields take more damage and Roadhog just does crazy amounts of damage
Mccrees ult is used for reloading at higher ranks fyi. If you desperate need his ult then youre in trouble as his ult is arguably the worst ult in the game especially without shields, atleast dva is in a bad state i guess
    I see you did not read everything I typed so you had to add  that edit to try to justify what the mccree did lmao
        I edited it very quickly to clarify on it but call me out on it👏
Considering that flair I have a hard time believing you cared about the meta when it didn’t suit your main
    My main was hog then he got nerfed the first time before doom came out then I was a dva and zarya main then Only a dva main then only a zarya main and when double shield became a thing I became a rein and sigma main. I have road flair because that was my favorite character back in the day and I never bothered to change it to zarya or dva or sigma or whatever. That flair means nothing but nice of you try and get some karma out of it. I can play any hero at pretty much the same level and usually play what's meta. Sure my best hero is zarya hence my highest SR ever was back when goats was a thing but still can play them all cuz I don't stick to play one hero for 23 seasons. I have 1000 hours on hog and zarya but also 1000 on all the other tanks together so I'm pretty rounded up.
That's some incredible dedication; continuously showing up for the last two years to sporadically remind everyone.
    Hahah, these were my thoughts exactly. Like, move on with your life at that point?
        I think the anger they feel regarding this subject is one of the few things pumping blood through their veins. Just trying to stay alive, probably.
            Overwatch is shit and I hate it!!!

*sees other people having fun and still enjoying it*

):<
                Oh god i got down voted to hell. This post had like 5 comments i didnt think it would go far. Well i deserved it ig. But issok cause this thread made me laugh lmao. I used to love this game a lot was pretty dedicated got diamond finally after starting at bronze. So i actually improved but the game wouldnt let me progress ever further than 3000 sr for 2 seasons straight. Whether or not that is because of my lack of skill needed to move forward or just because the comp system just wasnt good idk. Yall probably are gonna say its cause im bad at the game but i lost interest and felt like the game went to shit cause i got tired of the effort i had to put in to maintain sr and many people know that a lot of the big OW streamers also kind of know that imo. im looking forward the OW 2 tho so hopefully i have fun with that sorry for the toxicity the game just gives me bad memories.
    I guess anger and making sure no one likes the game you dislike are good motivators to go this long.
Team fortress has nothing to do with this.
who the fuck asked about tf2 retard
GM meta is Hog Zarya rn too...
    I main zarya and I love the charge I get off of bubbling my roadhog but I still like having a shield to duck behind if I’m taking too much damage. Without a rein shield I feel like my team (at least the healers) will get deleted faster than my shield of junkrat bombs are raining in on us
        Yep, it's a messy deathmatch meta.
    In fact, according to Overbuff, Rein only has high pick rates in plat or below...
You're aware that at least half the player base is Plat or below, right...?

The game plays very differently when you don't have a 6 stack, or when you're on console with a controller instead of mouse and keyboard.

Balancing the game with only top level PC players in mind leaves a lot of players, probably the majority, playing an unbalanced game.

You wanna be smug about having too much time to play and dedicated teammates you can stack with regularly, then congrats. But don't pretend something isn't an issue just because it doesn't affect you personally.
    Stupid but important correction. 86% of players are plat and below
    Way more than half even, diamond is like top 10% so the other 90% would fall into the “plat or below” category iirc
        Oh ok, even more so to my point then!

Guess I was misinformed, my friend told me Platinum was like the middle of the pack; that being Diamond meant you were "decent", but not "good".
            I was told gold was average, like a C+ and plat is like a B, and so on
            That’s not really wrong either, according to a post made by Jeff Kaplan, 28% of players are below gold, 55% are gold or plat, and 14% are above plat. So more than half of the player base is gold or plat. The post by Jeff I’m referencing is from 2018 so I’m sure there have been some changes since then, but it’s still nice to know as a reference. I’m sure there’s an updated list out there somewhere
That’s of course a big factor...tho i’m not sure if it should be the case that one tank can two shot other tanks....for characters like tracer or other little dps dealers, sure that makes sense but tank versus tank...
    I’m trash tier. Are you exaggerating or can hog actually two shot other tanks?
        A hook + a good shot will nearly kill a 400 hp tank without armor. If they do have armor, it's still pretty close to 2 shots if aimed well (which isn't too hard to do!)
            Is well aimed for hog mid body because of his spread? I almost always play main tank, but have been trying to learn more hog since the new meta. Appreciate your tips!
                You actually want to aim for the neck area as the headshots are very valuable. I was a flex tank player except roadhog, but I've also been putting in time to learn hog and it's been working decently.
                    Ok, good to know. I wasn’t sure if the spread from the scrap gun would make aiming for the head cause less overall DPS. Thanks friend!

Side note because of your username, do you live in Korea or are you just Korean? I live in Daegu!
                        I am actually Korean, but living in the US :)
                            Small world, looks like we traded homes. I’ll try to eat some extra Bibimbab for you tomorrow.
            holy crap, why is it so powerful again?
                The recent hog buffs lol. The gun does so much damage.
                    Interesting, have the devs mentioned why they brought back the ol hooky one tap? Was Hog under performing or something?
                        Hog was always an underperformer until now. He used to always be a liability, (usually) feeding a ton of ult charge and just being unable to do anything against shields. Now the tables have turned.
                            That makes sense. I definitely understand the feeding argument.
                        Hook has always been a 1 tap. The dps that que for tank just didnt know how to hook step.
Everyone who downvoted this cant count to five.
But the ult charge...
    Yeah get whole hog even faster.
    Some enemy ult charge and a live tank on your side, or no ult charge and a dead and shredded Sigma lying on the ground?
    i've always liked that idea that i've seen people suggest where Roadhog gets a passive called "Irradiated" that makes it so he gives less ult charge than normal when you hit him.
        I actually like this. I feel like primal winston needs this too.
            *I actually*

*Like this. I feel like primal*

*Winston needs this too.*

\- Pnspi2

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
                good bot
                [deleted]
                    Heathen
                bad bot
            Primal winston is just an ult battery for the enemies for the most part lmfao
                Primal winston is often used wrong anyways. If you die in primal it better be because you were in OT.  


Otherwise primals main job is to displace for your team. Too many winstons use it to just feed instead
        they would have to need him first tho
        Me too, although I though of the name "Intimidation"
        Doesn't he sort of already give out 50% less charge as it's a damage reduction when huffing paint? 


Granted he could have been given another buff that reduces charge gain by 50% without the damage reduction at all times, though definitely not in the current state of affairs.



Winston however could use this buff right now. Be it 1000 health with 50% charge gains, or 500 health with 50% damage reduction like Hog.
Observe the hogbelly!
Too bad they always run around on their own trying to pick, leaving their team to fend for themselves
    Literally had this happen over the weekend. Me and another teammate pointed out to Hog after defeat that he needs to work more with the team.

His response was "But I got picks, tho"

At which point another teammate responded "But we lost tho"
Now if only he could block LoS doing so
How's body-blocking Ashe's Dynamite, Ana's Biotic Grenade, and generally any form of AoE working out?
    Tbh Ashe and Ana are typically throwing those OVER the barriers anyway.
    It's working better than shields because its the top meta right now
        Yes this coming from a Reinhardt main.  I mean I can still play him but his shield is gone almost instantly and I get zero effect because I have to get all the way to the ash or the Anna or the McCree while they are currently zapping all of my health.
I switched to roadhog and suddenly I am decimating people including other tanks who were dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.
            >dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.

This is absolutely correct, and it's a problem.
        I dunno hey... hogs in my matches just hide out behind healers and dps and complain about shit dps.
        It's best not to confuse what's popular with what meets functional requirements.
            The functional requirement is winning. Go watch like any GM game right now. They’re not running shield 90% of the time. Shield in low ranks with less coordination are even worse.
                Yeah, let's not bastardize terminology I use in arbitrary ways. By "functional requirement", I mean a very specific action that a teammate requests that can be performed regardless of what the enemy team does. Winning can't be a functional requirement because the enemy can stop it from happening. 

Anyway, as a non-GM, I often request a shield to block off the AoE damage that is either letting Ashe charge ult stupidly fast, the nade preventing me from effectively healing teammates mid-push, and the exploding D. Va mech that's wiping the more poorly-positioned teammates repeatedly.
Hog has asthma
    Probably from all the nuclear fallout
    sucks to your ass-mar.
Thats because if you dont hide around corners half of the time then the enemy Soldier will have ult every 45 seconds.
    In that instance you'd need a Zarya or Winston to back you up or know it's time to switch out.
People play hog like reaper or something. Just flank for kills no where near his team
[deleted]
    And since Orisa was butchered as well, it just means "pls go rein"
        Truth be told, it's always kind of meant please go Rein.


Even when Orisa was in an OP state about 10-15 months ago I would have choosing beggars sigh and be all like "I say to pick a shield and you went Orisa/Sigma/Winston".


I sort of get the grievance with Winston, especially back when his barrier didn't last long, but the choosing beggar is usually some DPS who doesn't even end up sticking with you when you go Rein.
            Always been like that. 

When I solo-queue as tank I sometimes give them one, one single chance on Rein. If they stick with me, I stick with Rein.

The moment they go off on their own I swap to Wrecking Ball. "You're throwing!"? No, I was throwing by playing shield man when y'all CLEARLY didn't want my fuckin' shield. Now I can go off and play on my own like y'all want to, too.
            Most dps don't understand the game that well even in diamond. They have good mechanics and that's it.   


Tanks and supports on the other hand, I found some gold tanks have better game sense and knowledge than some diamond dps.  


Now I'm not generalizing because I know some diamond dps who have weak mechanics and great gamesense. It's just the role is less reliant on it than say tank is.
            People just want a big thing to hide behind without any effort on their part. Winston's shield is on a long cooldown, Orisa's shield is small and doesn't allow for easy forward pushing and Sigma's shield requires finesse due to not being immediate, being immovable once placed and having a cooldown before you can deploy it again. 

A Rein shield is easy to rally behind in a way no other Tank's shield does because it's always there unless the Rein puts it away or it's broken. That's why you constantly have people screaming for the Rein to keep his shield up no matter what.
        Plus rein is complete dog shit right now.
    Isn't Sig's shield still better than Orisa's?
        [deleted]
            I more meant his shield has more hp
I think this is more an issue with the lack of tank heroes and tank diversity than anything. While as a tank main I have a ton of problems with how they've handled the game over the past year and a half or so, the thing that is clear through all the debate is that the tank role needs more options and more range. 

It also doesn't help that the latest tank released was shield based and Blizzard just decided they don't really want shields to be much of a thing anymore.
    True, there's also a restriction of what tanks are supposed to do, we got main tanks and off tanks with the small subdivision of dive which has monkey dva and Hammond, if you were able increase the amounts of roles that tanks could take up, the meta would be so 1 dimensional where if you can't beat them, join them.
        Blizzard will have to either get very creative in designing new tanks or learn to stop adjusting the game based on vocal critics who will always, always find something to fault in the game no matter what. 

With dive, tanks could get kills like DPS, but we didn't like that so we introduced sombra, Brig, etc. to stop it. Dive hasn't been viable in years. 

With GOATS, tanks were able to overwhelm and outlast their opponents. But it wasn't exciting to watch, especially in the inevitable mirror match, and excluded DPS players, so we literally changed the structure of the game to stop that. 

Then double shields emerged, and tanks were able to strategically set up hold points and outlast their opponent, relying heavily on DPS to get through the opposing shields and get kills. But we didn't like that, because we didn't like shooting shields, so boom, nothing but nerfs for all shield tanks for about 8 months now. At this point, Orisa is a joke. 

My point is - I sympathize with the devs. What are they supposed to do when literally everything they come up with for how tanks function and their role in the game is criticized? You give tanks more agency like dive and there's complaints. You try to make them more passive and team based and people freak because they don't like shooting shields. It's a lose-lose.
Same, except I started as a DVa main and picked up Rein during competitive season 3. 

I'm sad now.
    Yeah. I like fps games in general, using nat cover, fragging, etc.

But that’s not why I play Overwatch or the tank role.

Overwatch’s uniqueness was the teamplay elements and that’s all gone now.

When I wanna to shoot things, I go to Apex or Valorant, not Overwatch.
        Yes agreed. Valorant and CSGO are great competitive games but they are far less reliant on teamwork and teambased fights. It's hold a corner and either die instantly or get an instant kill. That's fine.

But overwatch isn't that kind of game.

Overwatch's higher TTK and ability based gameplay is supposed to be a moba with some FPS elements. But damage creep and one shot kill abilities is ruining it.

Before anyone say that I suck at positioning. It's not that. I hug corners and use cover too. It's just the shift to adding more One shot kill is changing the core of the game into something it isn't.
    I miss murderD.Va :(
        Oh SAAAAMMMEEE
        Oh god... the days of 200hp and 400 armor. Man... I miss those days
Top 500 on console and pc and I unsinstalled the game completely lol 

Rein main but played all tanks. 

The thing about this patch is... you have no options and you have no impact. My cotank would lock hog, that’s fine I’m not the best hog. But I had zero other playable options. Rein gets melted, sigma gets melted and hooked when you grasp, orisa is useless and gets melted, dva is an easy hook and demech, ball is okay but easily gets hooked, zarya is okay but you have to be ready to die to random spam. 

And on top of all this, even if I went zarya or ball it would just be a 50/50. Who’s hog gets the hook first? Who’s Ashe picks the enemy healer first? 

As a tank my job was to PROTECT these people. Now I just watch them die and hope we get lucky and win. I had a 60% + win rate in my climb from diamond to top 500 and that rate only went up when I got around gm. I was prepared to get into top 200 or higher. Then this shit tier patch dropped and the game fell apart. No structure, no teamwork, no intelligent play. I told people within two games on the new patch that it was the worst overwatch has ever been. They said “mad cause bad” and now a week later everyone’s making videos about how bad this meta is (I used to need to watch videos to tell me how patches changed the game but now I’m good enough to know). And now within a week blizzard is hurriedly trying to nerf power creep. 

It’s a big fat I told ya so. But seriously who the hell is doing the balancing at blizzard? It’s literally the level of a plat players understanding of the game. (Nothing wrong with plat players just that blizzard should understand their game more)
    I'm still mortified that they nerfed Zarya's damage hard but not Hog.  


I am ok with reverting her, but she isn't the problem here. Hog is.
Same bro. It’s gotten to the point where I’m not even gonna play the game because of how bad all the characters I enjoy are. I can’t stand playing hog zarya for more than 2 games. It’s just not fun.
This is not even the strongest hog has been.
Your example for rien to be good is: they have good snipers that pick our supports and good angles for those snipers, The team has to group and be behind the shield,  you don't have a sniper that challenges the other snipers/picks the other snipers, and the map has to be the right one that your shield gets through short moves to other cover and the distance is short to get to the other team.   


For Hog to be good: Playing overwatch  
For Zarya to be good: Playing overwatch without orisa

That is the problem.
    You don't have to worry about Orisa anymore, her shield is as thicc as a kleenex and her HP just got nerfed again. Just be ready to take a corner and reload for a second when she fortifies or drops her ult. Most of them don't seem to realize they need to run away from the scary glowing Russian lady until it's too late.
    Hog is a big problem. I can be a zarya with 100 energy on my gun and can’t solo kill him before his heal ability is off cooldown. I wish they would give zarya headshot damage:(. But I know that will never happen so I hope they nerf hog soon, at least extend the cooldown on his heal ability. 100 power Zarya should have no problem with anybody
        >I can be a zarya with 100 energy on my gun and can’t solo kill him

At 100 energy you have 170 dps, hog has 600 health and 8s CD on breather. Even with just 50% accuracy you should burn him down before the CD is up.
            Say you are on hog and when you get him to 10 health he used his heal. The 8 second cooldown it takes starts, but then you have to reload for zarya which takes 2 seconds. By the time you get him close to death again, his heal is back ready to use
                But hog only heals 300hp. So you're now dealing with just 310hp hog. It's useless to shoot him while he's using breather (50% dmg reduction) so just reload then. You should be reloaded and ready to finish half-hp hog about 6s before his breather is ready again...
                    Reloading while he heals is a pretty good tip. I thought it healed a lot more than 300
                    Didn't know he had dmg reduction while taking a breather.  Great advice, thanks!
                        Overwatch (well ow2 probably) needs to work on communicating what heroes actually do. At the very least it needs some easily browsable codex with all the heroes and their abilities and ideally raw numbers. Right now you have to pick the hero and press F1 to learn what the abilities do and if you want raw numbers you have to go to external resources.
                        He can survive a point blank D.Va nuke because of it by the way. It does 1000 damage, so long as he's over 500 health and starts huffing as it's about to go off be gets booped a little. He can walk away with up to 400 health standing on the nuke.
                            Yep I will often hook nuke into a small room and then block the blast with my vape by standing in the doorway. I get free ult charge and help my team.  


Unfortunately I did this once and genji who dashed to cover, dashed into the room I hooked the bomb in. Sorry genji
            His armor and all man it just doesn’t happen. I’ve blasted him with 100% accuracy
                Hog doesnt have armor.
                    Well factor in zarya having to reload. I’m telling ya, 100 energy I cannot solo a hog with my beam right in his fat belly
                > His armor

Hog doesn't have armor. Just 600 regular HP.
                    Right I made a mistake there but I explained further in a comment abover. Factoring in zarya’s 2 second reload gives his cooldown two extra seconds so you only get a 6 seconds window to damage him. Also factoring in loss of energy on zaryas gun unless he’s shooting you, and if you get hooked that’s a good 4 seconds of you being unable to damage him. I’m just saying anyone as zarya vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight. I’ve just came to realize that long fight is usually best to avoid until you have backup. Heck a roadhog with a zenyatta healing orb on him could probably beat Godzilla
                        >vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight.

why should it be an easy fight?
                            Well easier than it is. Fighting every hero I feel like I have a chance. I’m not saying an easy fight I’m saying a more fair fight
    But yes nothing is more irritating than being a rein with no team communication so nobody stands behind the shield and you get surrounded
I've always thought that tanks need to be tankier. Not just shield but being more resistant to CC and damage means they can draw more damage away from their team and focus on outsmarting the other tank.
Ana is actually in a great place. But they're dead on with shields. It's the same cycle as a Rein.

- Put up shield.
- Shield gets shot down in 5 seconds or less.
- Wait for shield to regen and use body as a shield in the meantime to protect healers.
- Use shield when it comes up.
- Shield is destroyed.
- Rinse and repeat.

It's just a horrible meta for tanks. It's so incredibly boring for us while DPS are having the times of their lives.
    DPS are complaining though.  


Most of the buffs they got were from goats. but guess what. We have role queue now.   


Blizzard needs to revert almost every GOATs patch.
        Blizz has reverted quite a few of the dps buffs- most noteable reaper and mei and mccree
            Yeah and I hope it doesn't stop there. Goat patches made sense at the time but post-rolequeue these patches only make the game a mess.
Or a genji spamming i need healing at the enemies spawn door while you're a zen being chased. And then he goes: healing??
    I understand the role of support means moving to and supporting teammates, but do they need to make it harder by running away or being across the map from spawn when you just died running after them?
        Or they're just waiting around a corner for you to walk to them spamming i need healing. I'm done with those people, no healing if you suck that much at situational awareness.
            Or they're playing Tracer, continuing to strafe left and right while poking the enemy from 30m away at a sliver of health. You're playing Ana, so you miss two heals that could have gone onto your front-line tanks.
            Or I'm a tank at 25 hp standing behind the mercy spamming I need healing, but she's too busy boosting the bastion. So i play hog.
                You’re standing behind the Mercy and expecting them to see you? You can make it easier for them to heal you by moving closer
                    And put myself into LOS and die to random shit?
                        [deleted]
                            No shit?
                The tank behind me is less important than the DPS in front of me.
                    Boosting the bastion is more important than healing your tank with 25 hp? Ok.
        I hate it when our Hammond is needing healing but he keeps rolling away from like damn just stop for a second.
            Moira players get a lot of hate for not using the heal orb but I can’t even estimate the number of times my team just runs away from the healing orb or completely ignores it when I toss it into a room for maximum bounces.
                I use my heal orb all the time and ive still been yelled at for not using it before lol. One time, someone was far away from me, super low on health, asking for heals. My orb was on CD and wouldn't have even reached them in time anyway, but they go off on me about how I need to use my heal orb.
                    I had to quit competitive this season because I kept getting matched with toxic D.Va players who would harass me and spam “I need healing” while I was actively healing them with the spray and my healing orb was bouncing around them. I moved to Quick Play Classic and Lucioball and my mental health has thanked me.
                        As a D.va main, I HATE D.va players that make her look bad like this.  I tell my healers "I'll come to YOU when I need healing, if I don't, its my own fault, don't chase me, cuz you'll die".  D.va can fly ffs!  Rush in, do damage, fly out, repeat till low'ish on health, fly back to healer/payload (payload heals...slowly).  Not that hard!
                            No hate to D.Va or D.Va mains! I’ve had great matches with D.Va players, it was just 4 matches in a row with different teams where I was getting harassed/blamed via Xbox messages outside of the game in addition to spamming the heal voice line and distracting me in-game while I was trying to climb back up to gold. It was definitely not fun the 2nd time, let alone the 3rd and 4th.
                    I feel you. 

As Moira, I had a toxic AF DPS soldier screaming at me for not healing them. I asked where they were located. “Behind you” was the answer. Like bro, how am I supposed to heal, let alone see you, when you are **behind** me?! 

We win that match and I got a card for healing. I reported him.
        Playing ring around the rosy is what drives me mad when I’m trying to heal. Like, can’t we all see each other thru walls now??
    Even the genji who spams "I need healing" while standing behind you, safe. It's great. You're not out of position. But our tanks and the other DPS in the choke are soaking up 100% of the healing I have to give, and If I turn to heal you they will die.

You are safe. Go get the healthpack 20 feet away.
it's frustrating sometimes.  not all players seem to realize that tanks and supports have a finite number of resources/cooldowns.  it isn't magic, teams help those who help themselves
Same with people asking for rezzes! Just yesterday I was on Mercy, and a teammate died. Asked for a res like 3 times in VC, so i look around and find him. No enemies on/near the body that i could see, so i fly over there. As soon as I get to him, I realize that half the enemy team has direct LoS to his body (and now me), but i hadn't been able to see them from my previous positioning. Instantly died and lost my res. 

And people do this all the time, demanding rezzes when there is no safe way to rez them. Just please have some awareness before you ask for that
    Dude when I was in gold I use to tell Mercy to NOT rezz me because it's very common for mercy at that rank to perform suicidal rezzes.  


It bothers me to no end when I hear dps scream "Rez please" and they are literally dead in the midst of 5 enemies. I don't even play Mercy but it cringes me every time I hear some doomfist one trick decides to suicide and then ask for a rez
        I try really hard to not suicide-res, even if people are begging for it. Really annoyed me that time because the coast looked clear from my perspective, until I reached his body and THEN i could see all the enemies. I dont understand how some players are so careless to ask Mercy to suicide for them. Do they even realize that a failed res still puts it on a long-ass CD?
            > long ass-cd

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
            A tip not just for mercy but literally every hero is to pay attention and think about enemy and teammate positioning constantly. Do it until it comes naturally.

Makes rez and other risky moves much easier
WHY DIDNT YOU HEAL ME WHEN ALL 6 WERE SHOOTING ME DED?!@#11
Yes! The worst is DPS that go out all alone and scream about “shitty heals”. 

Like, dude, meet me halfway, *and* do a better job.
    When I play flanker and a support tells me to stay in LOS. I always tell them to not worry about me. Heal our tanks, focus them instead.

Heal me when they can see me but don't go out of their way to save me either.

When I play a flanker, it's my responsibility to manage my health and healthpacks. It's how I climbed from bronze to high plat on DPS
I love it when people say bad healers when they are "flanking" the entire game, out in the open, 3v1 etc.

 And with Roadhog being meta people are constantly looking for cheese hooks while being completely away from the team.
If a dps spams "I need healing", I spam "no"
    I need to quick bind that, I usually rely on waiting for the sarcastic “Thanks!” so I can respond with “You’re Welcome.”
My god, yes. Got screamed at in comp the other day because I wasn't healing through a junkrat standing ahead of our shield and getting nailed by all the enemy hitscans.

There isn't enough healing in the world, baby.
As a support, junk spam from 3 maps away that I can’t even hear drives me fuckin INSANE

One time I was on lijiang night market and I’m going MAD trying to figure out how I’m taking damage when I can’t even see an enemy junkrat or even hear his nades bounce...

I finally glance up at the top left window at the front of the point and see a nade *literally* bounce off the bottom corner of that window and then bounce off the left wall and back down onto the point. 

You wanna talk about simple geometry?? My god the phrase “it’s actually frowned upon by junkrat mains to even see the enemy team” has never been more accurate. 

At least with pharahs rockets you can hear them coming.
    Haha I was that asshole who mained Junkrat before the days of Role Queue. I haven't played DPS in a while because I couldn't stand the queue times, but I've been getting back into it with Quick Play Classic. I remember the days when Junkrat's own grenades could hurt him, so they had to be more cautious to line up their shot.
A please for the love of god move forward. I'm tired of seeing BEHIND the team.
Rein can be so great, but the team really has to play around you.  not just ana standing behind you hard-scoping flankers while you slowly lose all shields and HP
that's fair.  zarya and hog can hold the front against a zarya and rein these days, but if the hog just wants to flank he may not be helping.  i've always played off tank, but i actually try to assist with the tanking instead of being a wannabe dps
Mainly rein, Orisa, Winston, and sometime sigma and ball
    I know it was a joke because main tank has basically been deleted due to roadhog being so strong right now. Zarya hog is meta. 
I mean thanks for responding though. It's nice to know that a new player could find out this information so quickly if they wanted to. Goes to show that there are still bright spots in the community.
        Ah, gotcha
        It’s been a few weeks since I’ve played. Haven’t kept up on patches either. Did they buff Roadhog?
            Yep. And mega nerfed orisa and nerfed sigma. Shields are no more
Tanks that create space; Winston, Rein, Orisa, and Ball. Off tanks are Zarya, Sigma, Dva, Hog (but he feels more like a dps than anything)
I wouldn’t say Moira has a high skill floor tho..
    No, it's the getting carried away bit that leads to technically skilled players sucking as Moira.
        Sounds like every hero. People just rag on dps Moira’s
            DPS (flanking) Moiras is a product of low ranked players finding great success in taking out entire backlines of equally low ranked opponents. Which conditions them to employ the same flanking tactics over and over. Up till a certain rank where players are mechanically strong enough to hold their own; where these Moiras are considered throwing. Even though they are doing what "earns" them that rank in the first place.
            Yeah it’s fun playing Moira and getting criticized for having gold elims when you also have gold healing. I get silver and gold elims when I don’t even throw out damage orbs because if I’m not lifetapping I’m not healing.
    It's not mechanical skill for sure, but I see a LOT of terrible Moiras who do not have proper bladder control and constantly run out of piss.
        As a Moira player, I see a lot of terrible tanks who will position themselves to get blasted by the enemy team for no reason and then complain that I can’t outheal the damage they aren’t moving out of the way of. Can’t heal bad positioning with all the piss in the world, folks.
            Oh for sure; there are terrible players all around, regardless of role. My point was, despite the lower mechanical requirements, Moira is far from the brainless hero many players claim her to be. The difference between a casual Moira and someone who has actually mastered her is night and day.

Her skill floor (which is where the discussion started) is a bit special, I would say - if you don't learn proper piss management, you will be unable to fulfill your role as a healer. In fact, I would much rather have an Ana (the support with the highest mechanical skill floor) who can't aim than a Moira who can't manage her charge.
                I've been maining Moira for a long time (only casual, no comp) and since they nerfed her piss it's hard to keep it full, especially if I'm the only healer. And the fact that dps output only seems to get buffed doesn't help, either.

But tbh you can be out of piss and still do great healing easily, just need to use the heal ball effectively, and ult if you're desperate for heals.
                    Its worth knowing that moira has heal over time that slowly heals about 100hp or so and she can rapidly tap suck on an enemy to quickly build heal meter at the cost of damage, makes it much easier when you know that

Basically tap suck and tap heal unless youre trying to save a teammate/heal a low hp tank or killing an enemy/breaking a shield
                        I play Moira pretty aggressively, but it's really hard to suck on enemies when they're all playing snipers...
        I think a big issue is it’s not very clear at first that her healing lingers. Many low rank players probably treat it like a Mercy beam, holding heal all the way to full instead of just tapping
        > bladder control

LOL nice
        thats just being a bad player in general.... not appliable to "just" moira
Skill floor is lower *

Floor is the minimum amount of value you get when played poorly. “Easy” hero’s have a high skill floor because if you play them poorly it’s still easy to get value
    Erm no. Skill floor is the minimum amount of “skill” required to generate value from that hero. A low skill floor hero is accessible, easy to pick up. Like soldier/ mercy for example.

You’ve got it completely wrong.
        [https://youtu.be/AQ4BAG520LY](https://youtu.be/AQ4BAG520LY)
            Literally google it
            I enjoyed watching that video when it came out, but Skyline did get some details in the video incorrect.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/5t6w9j/the_high_skill_floor_vs_low_skill_floor_debate/

His definitions simply don't meet the general consensus.
The problem with Hammond is when he is feeding, he might as well be playing for the red team. Like he would actually helps his team more if he afks in spawn instead of being a freaking Meals on Wheels for the enemy team.
You must be a fellow member of the blue team. Only the red team possesses this strategic plan.
    Let's just say I have to play Zen and Bastion more than I'd ideally like to.
    Or mei walls. Shoot the fucking mei wall. It has 400 hp/pillar. Your reinhardt on the other side has 500 hp and shield. Shoot the fucking thing.
*What are you talking*

*About? Shields can't be attacked,*

*It's impossible.*

\- CA_Orange

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
    good bot.
    What o_____O
        It's a bot triggered whenever anyone makes a comment that has the right number of syllables for a haiku.
            I mean, i get it, I am just like wtf ist that haiku lol the worst haiku I have ever read lol
                Yeah it's been around for the past couple days. 

I really hope it fucks off.
                    Do you want an Omnic crisis?  
 
Because that's how you get an Omnic crisis.
                        Wouldn't even be the worst or weirdest thing to happen in 2020. 

Had no idea bots where so popular, colour me suprised.
                    I really hope you fuck off mate i rate this bot
                        Hahahaha you're like 13
                    The bot is awesome. It detects haiku's for fun. You should get on board.
                        I know what it does lol i just find those bots obnoxious 

And earlier one had been edited that was like "before you complain real has two syllables" buT IT DOESN'T AT ALL
                            Some bots aren't perfect. You can applaud the effort. Just give it some time.
    Good bot
only enemy shields cant be attacked.

>This meta is largely about who has the better hog, which is an unfortunate thing to happen.

As a hog main who hasn't played in a couple of months, I like to hear that. Looks like now's the time to get back into the game.
I'm collecting clips of myself blocking Rein shatters as Zarya this meta. In 3 days I had a dozen clips. LOL
    Zarya is the ultimate shield in the end
:(
    I can hear the sad "mace to the face!" from here. At least they wont nerf brig again. Right?
        Like brig didn't deserve it?
            Brig doesnt need anymore disappointment in her life man
They were nerfed because they were OP. Ana counters the fuck out of Hog and is ridiculously fun to play. Moria is still OP. Mercy is a hoot too, but requires you to out position the other team, which no one is good at because they don't take the time to set their controls up properly.
Maybe she had her brain racked, maybe it was the hero you chose, maybe she had another priority a lot of pressure rests on mercies its most likely not personal
Yeah, I have had people very insistently tell me I'm throwing for picking Rein on defence for first point Hanamura 2CP, same thing on Hollywood. "Rein is throwing", "Rein is bad against roadhog ball". I agree with the last statement but cp is still about holding for as long as possible. Worst was a game where a guy tells me to switch off of zaraya and go Rein. And then 3 mins later THE SAME GUY tell me rein is throw and tell me I need to pick zaraya. pepeMeltdown
Yes true but they only had snipers ash and widow
    Hmm, if they had a Hog, it'd still make sense, if not though then shield definitely would have been fine.
I see you did not read everything I typed so you had to add  that edit to try to justify what the mccree did lmao
    I edited it very quickly to clarify on it but call me out on it👏
My main was hog then he got nerfed the first time before doom came out then I was a dva and zarya main then Only a dva main then only a zarya main and when double shield became a thing I became a rein and sigma main. I have road flair because that was my favorite character back in the day and I never bothered to change it to zarya or dva or sigma or whatever. That flair means nothing but nice of you try and get some karma out of it. I can play any hero at pretty much the same level and usually play what's meta. Sure my best hero is zarya hence my highest SR ever was back when goats was a thing but still can play them all cuz I don't stick to play one hero for 23 seasons. I have 1000 hours on hog and zarya but also 1000 on all the other tanks together so I'm pretty rounded up.
Hahah, these were my thoughts exactly. Like, move on with your life at that point?
    I think the anger they feel regarding this subject is one of the few things pumping blood through their veins. Just trying to stay alive, probably.
        Overwatch is shit and I hate it!!!

*sees other people having fun and still enjoying it*

):<
            Oh god i got down voted to hell. This post had like 5 comments i didnt think it would go far. Well i deserved it ig. But issok cause this thread made me laugh lmao. I used to love this game a lot was pretty dedicated got diamond finally after starting at bronze. So i actually improved but the game wouldnt let me progress ever further than 3000 sr for 2 seasons straight. Whether or not that is because of my lack of skill needed to move forward or just because the comp system just wasnt good idk. Yall probably are gonna say its cause im bad at the game but i lost interest and felt like the game went to shit cause i got tired of the effort i had to put in to maintain sr and many people know that a lot of the big OW streamers also kind of know that imo. im looking forward the OW 2 tho so hopefully i have fun with that sorry for the toxicity the game just gives me bad memories.
I guess anger and making sure no one likes the game you dislike are good motivators to go this long.
I main zarya and I love the charge I get off of bubbling my roadhog but I still like having a shield to duck behind if I’m taking too much damage. Without a rein shield I feel like my team (at least the healers) will get deleted faster than my shield of junkrat bombs are raining in on us
    Yep, it's a messy deathmatch meta.
In fact, according to Overbuff, Rein only has high pick rates in plat or below...
Stupid but important correction. 86% of players are plat and below
Way more than half even, diamond is like top 10% so the other 90% would fall into the “plat or below” category iirc
    Oh ok, even more so to my point then!

Guess I was misinformed, my friend told me Platinum was like the middle of the pack; that being Diamond meant you were "decent", but not "good".
        I was told gold was average, like a C+ and plat is like a B, and so on
        That’s not really wrong either, according to a post made by Jeff Kaplan, 28% of players are below gold, 55% are gold or plat, and 14% are above plat. So more than half of the player base is gold or plat. The post by Jeff I’m referencing is from 2018 so I’m sure there have been some changes since then, but it’s still nice to know as a reference. I’m sure there’s an updated list out there somewhere
I’m trash tier. Are you exaggerating or can hog actually two shot other tanks?
    A hook + a good shot will nearly kill a 400 hp tank without armor. If they do have armor, it's still pretty close to 2 shots if aimed well (which isn't too hard to do!)
        Is well aimed for hog mid body because of his spread? I almost always play main tank, but have been trying to learn more hog since the new meta. Appreciate your tips!
            You actually want to aim for the neck area as the headshots are very valuable. I was a flex tank player except roadhog, but I've also been putting in time to learn hog and it's been working decently.
                Ok, good to know. I wasn’t sure if the spread from the scrap gun would make aiming for the head cause less overall DPS. Thanks friend!

Side note because of your username, do you live in Korea or are you just Korean? I live in Daegu!
                    I am actually Korean, but living in the US :)
                        Small world, looks like we traded homes. I’ll try to eat some extra Bibimbab for you tomorrow.
        holy crap, why is it so powerful again?
            The recent hog buffs lol. The gun does so much damage.
                Interesting, have the devs mentioned why they brought back the ol hooky one tap? Was Hog under performing or something?
                    Hog was always an underperformer until now. He used to always be a liability, (usually) feeding a ton of ult charge and just being unable to do anything against shields. Now the tables have turned.
                        That makes sense. I definitely understand the feeding argument.
                    Hook has always been a 1 tap. The dps that que for tank just didnt know how to hook step.
Yeah get whole hog even faster.
Some enemy ult charge and a live tank on your side, or no ult charge and a dead and shredded Sigma lying on the ground?
i've always liked that idea that i've seen people suggest where Roadhog gets a passive called "Irradiated" that makes it so he gives less ult charge than normal when you hit him.
    I actually like this. I feel like primal winston needs this too.
        *I actually*

*Like this. I feel like primal*

*Winston needs this too.*

\- Pnspi2

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
            good bot
            [deleted]
                Heathen
            bad bot
        Primal winston is just an ult battery for the enemies for the most part lmfao
            Primal winston is often used wrong anyways. If you die in primal it better be because you were in OT.  


Otherwise primals main job is to displace for your team. Too many winstons use it to just feed instead
    they would have to need him first tho
    Me too, although I though of the name "Intimidation"
    Doesn't he sort of already give out 50% less charge as it's a damage reduction when huffing paint? 


Granted he could have been given another buff that reduces charge gain by 50% without the damage reduction at all times, though definitely not in the current state of affairs.



Winston however could use this buff right now. Be it 1000 health with 50% charge gains, or 500 health with 50% damage reduction like Hog.
Literally had this happen over the weekend. Me and another teammate pointed out to Hog after defeat that he needs to work more with the team.

His response was "But I got picks, tho"

At which point another teammate responded "But we lost tho"
Tbh Ashe and Ana are typically throwing those OVER the barriers anyway.
It's working better than shields because its the top meta right now
    Yes this coming from a Reinhardt main.  I mean I can still play him but his shield is gone almost instantly and I get zero effect because I have to get all the way to the ash or the Anna or the McCree while they are currently zapping all of my health.
I switched to roadhog and suddenly I am decimating people including other tanks who were dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.
        >dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.

This is absolutely correct, and it's a problem.
    I dunno hey... hogs in my matches just hide out behind healers and dps and complain about shit dps.
    It's best not to confuse what's popular with what meets functional requirements.
        The functional requirement is winning. Go watch like any GM game right now. They’re not running shield 90% of the time. Shield in low ranks with less coordination are even worse.
            Yeah, let's not bastardize terminology I use in arbitrary ways. By "functional requirement", I mean a very specific action that a teammate requests that can be performed regardless of what the enemy team does. Winning can't be a functional requirement because the enemy can stop it from happening. 

Anyway, as a non-GM, I often request a shield to block off the AoE damage that is either letting Ashe charge ult stupidly fast, the nade preventing me from effectively healing teammates mid-push, and the exploding D. Va mech that's wiping the more poorly-positioned teammates repeatedly.
Probably from all the nuclear fallout
sucks to your ass-mar.
In that instance you'd need a Zarya or Winston to back you up or know it's time to switch out.
And since Orisa was butchered as well, it just means "pls go rein"
    Truth be told, it's always kind of meant please go Rein.


Even when Orisa was in an OP state about 10-15 months ago I would have choosing beggars sigh and be all like "I say to pick a shield and you went Orisa/Sigma/Winston".


I sort of get the grievance with Winston, especially back when his barrier didn't last long, but the choosing beggar is usually some DPS who doesn't even end up sticking with you when you go Rein.
        Always been like that. 

When I solo-queue as tank I sometimes give them one, one single chance on Rein. If they stick with me, I stick with Rein.

The moment they go off on their own I swap to Wrecking Ball. "You're throwing!"? No, I was throwing by playing shield man when y'all CLEARLY didn't want my fuckin' shield. Now I can go off and play on my own like y'all want to, too.
        Most dps don't understand the game that well even in diamond. They have good mechanics and that's it.   


Tanks and supports on the other hand, I found some gold tanks have better game sense and knowledge than some diamond dps.  


Now I'm not generalizing because I know some diamond dps who have weak mechanics and great gamesense. It's just the role is less reliant on it than say tank is.
        People just want a big thing to hide behind without any effort on their part. Winston's shield is on a long cooldown, Orisa's shield is small and doesn't allow for easy forward pushing and Sigma's shield requires finesse due to not being immediate, being immovable once placed and having a cooldown before you can deploy it again. 

A Rein shield is easy to rally behind in a way no other Tank's shield does because it's always there unless the Rein puts it away or it's broken. That's why you constantly have people screaming for the Rein to keep his shield up no matter what.
    Plus rein is complete dog shit right now.
Isn't Sig's shield still better than Orisa's?
    [deleted]
        I more meant his shield has more hp
True, there's also a restriction of what tanks are supposed to do, we got main tanks and off tanks with the small subdivision of dive which has monkey dva and Hammond, if you were able increase the amounts of roles that tanks could take up, the meta would be so 1 dimensional where if you can't beat them, join them.
    Blizzard will have to either get very creative in designing new tanks or learn to stop adjusting the game based on vocal critics who will always, always find something to fault in the game no matter what. 

With dive, tanks could get kills like DPS, but we didn't like that so we introduced sombra, Brig, etc. to stop it. Dive hasn't been viable in years. 

With GOATS, tanks were able to overwhelm and outlast their opponents. But it wasn't exciting to watch, especially in the inevitable mirror match, and excluded DPS players, so we literally changed the structure of the game to stop that. 

Then double shields emerged, and tanks were able to strategically set up hold points and outlast their opponent, relying heavily on DPS to get through the opposing shields and get kills. But we didn't like that, because we didn't like shooting shields, so boom, nothing but nerfs for all shield tanks for about 8 months now. At this point, Orisa is a joke. 

My point is - I sympathize with the devs. What are they supposed to do when literally everything they come up with for how tanks function and their role in the game is criticized? You give tanks more agency like dive and there's complaints. You try to make them more passive and team based and people freak because they don't like shooting shields. It's a lose-lose.
Yeah. I like fps games in general, using nat cover, fragging, etc.

But that’s not why I play Overwatch or the tank role.

Overwatch’s uniqueness was the teamplay elements and that’s all gone now.

When I wanna to shoot things, I go to Apex or Valorant, not Overwatch.
    Yes agreed. Valorant and CSGO are great competitive games but they are far less reliant on teamwork and teambased fights. It's hold a corner and either die instantly or get an instant kill. That's fine.

But overwatch isn't that kind of game.

Overwatch's higher TTK and ability based gameplay is supposed to be a moba with some FPS elements. But damage creep and one shot kill abilities is ruining it.

Before anyone say that I suck at positioning. It's not that. I hug corners and use cover too. It's just the shift to adding more One shot kill is changing the core of the game into something it isn't.
I miss murderD.Va :(
    Oh SAAAAMMMEEE
    Oh god... the days of 200hp and 400 armor. Man... I miss those days
I'm still mortified that they nerfed Zarya's damage hard but not Hog.  


I am ok with reverting her, but she isn't the problem here. Hog is.
You don't have to worry about Orisa anymore, her shield is as thicc as a kleenex and her HP just got nerfed again. Just be ready to take a corner and reload for a second when she fortifies or drops her ult. Most of them don't seem to realize they need to run away from the scary glowing Russian lady until it's too late.
Hog is a big problem. I can be a zarya with 100 energy on my gun and can’t solo kill him before his heal ability is off cooldown. I wish they would give zarya headshot damage:(. But I know that will never happen so I hope they nerf hog soon, at least extend the cooldown on his heal ability. 100 power Zarya should have no problem with anybody
    >I can be a zarya with 100 energy on my gun and can’t solo kill him

At 100 energy you have 170 dps, hog has 600 health and 8s CD on breather. Even with just 50% accuracy you should burn him down before the CD is up.
        Say you are on hog and when you get him to 10 health he used his heal. The 8 second cooldown it takes starts, but then you have to reload for zarya which takes 2 seconds. By the time you get him close to death again, his heal is back ready to use
            But hog only heals 300hp. So you're now dealing with just 310hp hog. It's useless to shoot him while he's using breather (50% dmg reduction) so just reload then. You should be reloaded and ready to finish half-hp hog about 6s before his breather is ready again...
                Reloading while he heals is a pretty good tip. I thought it healed a lot more than 300
                Didn't know he had dmg reduction while taking a breather.  Great advice, thanks!
                    Overwatch (well ow2 probably) needs to work on communicating what heroes actually do. At the very least it needs some easily browsable codex with all the heroes and their abilities and ideally raw numbers. Right now you have to pick the hero and press F1 to learn what the abilities do and if you want raw numbers you have to go to external resources.
                    He can survive a point blank D.Va nuke because of it by the way. It does 1000 damage, so long as he's over 500 health and starts huffing as it's about to go off be gets booped a little. He can walk away with up to 400 health standing on the nuke.
                        Yep I will often hook nuke into a small room and then block the blast with my vape by standing in the doorway. I get free ult charge and help my team.  


Unfortunately I did this once and genji who dashed to cover, dashed into the room I hooked the bomb in. Sorry genji
        His armor and all man it just doesn’t happen. I’ve blasted him with 100% accuracy
            Hog doesnt have armor.
                Well factor in zarya having to reload. I’m telling ya, 100 energy I cannot solo a hog with my beam right in his fat belly
            > His armor

Hog doesn't have armor. Just 600 regular HP.
                Right I made a mistake there but I explained further in a comment abover. Factoring in zarya’s 2 second reload gives his cooldown two extra seconds so you only get a 6 seconds window to damage him. Also factoring in loss of energy on zaryas gun unless he’s shooting you, and if you get hooked that’s a good 4 seconds of you being unable to damage him. I’m just saying anyone as zarya vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight. I’ve just came to realize that long fight is usually best to avoid until you have backup. Heck a roadhog with a zenyatta healing orb on him could probably beat Godzilla
                    >vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight.

why should it be an easy fight?
                        Well easier than it is. Fighting every hero I feel like I have a chance. I’m not saying an easy fight I’m saying a more fair fight
But yes nothing is more irritating than being a rein with no team communication so nobody stands behind the shield and you get surrounded
DPS are complaining though.  


Most of the buffs they got were from goats. but guess what. We have role queue now.   


Blizzard needs to revert almost every GOATs patch.
    Blizz has reverted quite a few of the dps buffs- most noteable reaper and mei and mccree
        Yeah and I hope it doesn't stop there. Goat patches made sense at the time but post-rolequeue these patches only make the game a mess.
I understand the role of support means moving to and supporting teammates, but do they need to make it harder by running away or being across the map from spawn when you just died running after them?
    Or they're just waiting around a corner for you to walk to them spamming i need healing. I'm done with those people, no healing if you suck that much at situational awareness.
        Or they're playing Tracer, continuing to strafe left and right while poking the enemy from 30m away at a sliver of health. You're playing Ana, so you miss two heals that could have gone onto your front-line tanks.
        Or I'm a tank at 25 hp standing behind the mercy spamming I need healing, but she's too busy boosting the bastion. So i play hog.
            You’re standing behind the Mercy and expecting them to see you? You can make it easier for them to heal you by moving closer
                And put myself into LOS and die to random shit?
                    [deleted]
                        No shit?
            The tank behind me is less important than the DPS in front of me.
                Boosting the bastion is more important than healing your tank with 25 hp? Ok.
    I hate it when our Hammond is needing healing but he keeps rolling away from like damn just stop for a second.
        Moira players get a lot of hate for not using the heal orb but I can’t even estimate the number of times my team just runs away from the healing orb or completely ignores it when I toss it into a room for maximum bounces.
            I use my heal orb all the time and ive still been yelled at for not using it before lol. One time, someone was far away from me, super low on health, asking for heals. My orb was on CD and wouldn't have even reached them in time anyway, but they go off on me about how I need to use my heal orb.
                I had to quit competitive this season because I kept getting matched with toxic D.Va players who would harass me and spam “I need healing” while I was actively healing them with the spray and my healing orb was bouncing around them. I moved to Quick Play Classic and Lucioball and my mental health has thanked me.
                    As a D.va main, I HATE D.va players that make her look bad like this.  I tell my healers "I'll come to YOU when I need healing, if I don't, its my own fault, don't chase me, cuz you'll die".  D.va can fly ffs!  Rush in, do damage, fly out, repeat till low'ish on health, fly back to healer/payload (payload heals...slowly).  Not that hard!
                        No hate to D.Va or D.Va mains! I’ve had great matches with D.Va players, it was just 4 matches in a row with different teams where I was getting harassed/blamed via Xbox messages outside of the game in addition to spamming the heal voice line and distracting me in-game while I was trying to climb back up to gold. It was definitely not fun the 2nd time, let alone the 3rd and 4th.
                I feel you. 

As Moira, I had a toxic AF DPS soldier screaming at me for not healing them. I asked where they were located. “Behind you” was the answer. Like bro, how am I supposed to heal, let alone see you, when you are **behind** me?! 

We win that match and I got a card for healing. I reported him.
    Playing ring around the rosy is what drives me mad when I’m trying to heal. Like, can’t we all see each other thru walls now??
Even the genji who spams "I need healing" while standing behind you, safe. It's great. You're not out of position. But our tanks and the other DPS in the choke are soaking up 100% of the healing I have to give, and If I turn to heal you they will die.

You are safe. Go get the healthpack 20 feet away.
Dude when I was in gold I use to tell Mercy to NOT rezz me because it's very common for mercy at that rank to perform suicidal rezzes.  


It bothers me to no end when I hear dps scream "Rez please" and they are literally dead in the midst of 5 enemies. I don't even play Mercy but it cringes me every time I hear some doomfist one trick decides to suicide and then ask for a rez
    I try really hard to not suicide-res, even if people are begging for it. Really annoyed me that time because the coast looked clear from my perspective, until I reached his body and THEN i could see all the enemies. I dont understand how some players are so careless to ask Mercy to suicide for them. Do they even realize that a failed res still puts it on a long-ass CD?
        > long ass-cd

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
        A tip not just for mercy but literally every hero is to pay attention and think about enemy and teammate positioning constantly. Do it until it comes naturally.

Makes rez and other risky moves much easier
When I play flanker and a support tells me to stay in LOS. I always tell them to not worry about me. Heal our tanks, focus them instead.

Heal me when they can see me but don't go out of their way to save me either.

When I play a flanker, it's my responsibility to manage my health and healthpacks. It's how I climbed from bronze to high plat on DPS
I need to quick bind that, I usually rely on waiting for the sarcastic “Thanks!” so I can respond with “You’re Welcome.”
Haha I was that asshole who mained Junkrat before the days of Role Queue. I haven't played DPS in a while because I couldn't stand the queue times, but I've been getting back into it with Quick Play Classic. I remember the days when Junkrat's own grenades could hurt him, so they had to be more cautious to line up their shot.
I know it was a joke because main tank has basically been deleted due to roadhog being so strong right now. Zarya hog is meta. 
I mean thanks for responding though. It's nice to know that a new player could find out this information so quickly if they wanted to. Goes to show that there are still bright spots in the community.
    Ah, gotcha
    It’s been a few weeks since I’ve played. Haven’t kept up on patches either. Did they buff Roadhog?
        Yep. And mega nerfed orisa and nerfed sigma. Shields are no more
No, it's the getting carried away bit that leads to technically skilled players sucking as Moira.
    Sounds like every hero. People just rag on dps Moira’s
        DPS (flanking) Moiras is a product of low ranked players finding great success in taking out entire backlines of equally low ranked opponents. Which conditions them to employ the same flanking tactics over and over. Up till a certain rank where players are mechanically strong enough to hold their own; where these Moiras are considered throwing. Even though they are doing what "earns" them that rank in the first place.
        Yeah it’s fun playing Moira and getting criticized for having gold elims when you also have gold healing. I get silver and gold elims when I don’t even throw out damage orbs because if I’m not lifetapping I’m not healing.
It's not mechanical skill for sure, but I see a LOT of terrible Moiras who do not have proper bladder control and constantly run out of piss.
    As a Moira player, I see a lot of terrible tanks who will position themselves to get blasted by the enemy team for no reason and then complain that I can’t outheal the damage they aren’t moving out of the way of. Can’t heal bad positioning with all the piss in the world, folks.
        Oh for sure; there are terrible players all around, regardless of role. My point was, despite the lower mechanical requirements, Moira is far from the brainless hero many players claim her to be. The difference between a casual Moira and someone who has actually mastered her is night and day.

Her skill floor (which is where the discussion started) is a bit special, I would say - if you don't learn proper piss management, you will be unable to fulfill your role as a healer. In fact, I would much rather have an Ana (the support with the highest mechanical skill floor) who can't aim than a Moira who can't manage her charge.
            I've been maining Moira for a long time (only casual, no comp) and since they nerfed her piss it's hard to keep it full, especially if I'm the only healer. And the fact that dps output only seems to get buffed doesn't help, either.

But tbh you can be out of piss and still do great healing easily, just need to use the heal ball effectively, and ult if you're desperate for heals.
                Its worth knowing that moira has heal over time that slowly heals about 100hp or so and she can rapidly tap suck on an enemy to quickly build heal meter at the cost of damage, makes it much easier when you know that

Basically tap suck and tap heal unless youre trying to save a teammate/heal a low hp tank or killing an enemy/breaking a shield
                    I play Moira pretty aggressively, but it's really hard to suck on enemies when they're all playing snipers...
    I think a big issue is it’s not very clear at first that her healing lingers. Many low rank players probably treat it like a Mercy beam, holding heal all the way to full instead of just tapping
    > bladder control

LOL nice
    thats just being a bad player in general.... not appliable to "just" moira
Erm no. Skill floor is the minimum amount of “skill” required to generate value from that hero. A low skill floor hero is accessible, easy to pick up. Like soldier/ mercy for example.

You’ve got it completely wrong.
    [https://youtu.be/AQ4BAG520LY](https://youtu.be/AQ4BAG520LY)
        Literally google it
        I enjoyed watching that video when it came out, but Skyline did get some details in the video incorrect.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/5t6w9j/the_high_skill_floor_vs_low_skill_floor_debate/

His definitions simply don't meet the general consensus.
Let's just say I have to play Zen and Bastion more than I'd ideally like to.
Or mei walls. Shoot the fucking mei wall. It has 400 hp/pillar. Your reinhardt on the other side has 500 hp and shield. Shoot the fucking thing.
good bot.
What o_____O
    It's a bot triggered whenever anyone makes a comment that has the right number of syllables for a haiku.
        I mean, i get it, I am just like wtf ist that haiku lol the worst haiku I have ever read lol
            Yeah it's been around for the past couple days. 

I really hope it fucks off.
                Do you want an Omnic crisis?  
 
Because that's how you get an Omnic crisis.
                    Wouldn't even be the worst or weirdest thing to happen in 2020. 

Had no idea bots where so popular, colour me suprised.
                I really hope you fuck off mate i rate this bot
                    Hahahaha you're like 13
                The bot is awesome. It detects haiku's for fun. You should get on board.
                    I know what it does lol i just find those bots obnoxious 

And earlier one had been edited that was like "before you complain real has two syllables" buT IT DOESN'T AT ALL
                        Some bots aren't perfect. You can applaud the effort. Just give it some time.
Good bot
Zarya is the ultimate shield in the end
I can hear the sad "mace to the face!" from here. At least they wont nerf brig again. Right?
    Like brig didn't deserve it?
        Brig doesnt need anymore disappointment in her life man
Hmm, if they had a Hog, it'd still make sense, if not though then shield definitely would have been fine.
I edited it very quickly to clarify on it but call me out on it👏
I think the anger they feel regarding this subject is one of the few things pumping blood through their veins. Just trying to stay alive, probably.
    Overwatch is shit and I hate it!!!

*sees other people having fun and still enjoying it*

):<
        Oh god i got down voted to hell. This post had like 5 comments i didnt think it would go far. Well i deserved it ig. But issok cause this thread made me laugh lmao. I used to love this game a lot was pretty dedicated got diamond finally after starting at bronze. So i actually improved but the game wouldnt let me progress ever further than 3000 sr for 2 seasons straight. Whether or not that is because of my lack of skill needed to move forward or just because the comp system just wasnt good idk. Yall probably are gonna say its cause im bad at the game but i lost interest and felt like the game went to shit cause i got tired of the effort i had to put in to maintain sr and many people know that a lot of the big OW streamers also kind of know that imo. im looking forward the OW 2 tho so hopefully i have fun with that sorry for the toxicity the game just gives me bad memories.
Yep, it's a messy deathmatch meta.
Oh ok, even more so to my point then!

Guess I was misinformed, my friend told me Platinum was like the middle of the pack; that being Diamond meant you were "decent", but not "good".
    I was told gold was average, like a C+ and plat is like a B, and so on
    That’s not really wrong either, according to a post made by Jeff Kaplan, 28% of players are below gold, 55% are gold or plat, and 14% are above plat. So more than half of the player base is gold or plat. The post by Jeff I’m referencing is from 2018 so I’m sure there have been some changes since then, but it’s still nice to know as a reference. I’m sure there’s an updated list out there somewhere
A hook + a good shot will nearly kill a 400 hp tank without armor. If they do have armor, it's still pretty close to 2 shots if aimed well (which isn't too hard to do!)
    Is well aimed for hog mid body because of his spread? I almost always play main tank, but have been trying to learn more hog since the new meta. Appreciate your tips!
        You actually want to aim for the neck area as the headshots are very valuable. I was a flex tank player except roadhog, but I've also been putting in time to learn hog and it's been working decently.
            Ok, good to know. I wasn’t sure if the spread from the scrap gun would make aiming for the head cause less overall DPS. Thanks friend!

Side note because of your username, do you live in Korea or are you just Korean? I live in Daegu!
                I am actually Korean, but living in the US :)
                    Small world, looks like we traded homes. I’ll try to eat some extra Bibimbab for you tomorrow.
    holy crap, why is it so powerful again?
        The recent hog buffs lol. The gun does so much damage.
            Interesting, have the devs mentioned why they brought back the ol hooky one tap? Was Hog under performing or something?
                Hog was always an underperformer until now. He used to always be a liability, (usually) feeding a ton of ult charge and just being unable to do anything against shields. Now the tables have turned.
                    That makes sense. I definitely understand the feeding argument.
                Hook has always been a 1 tap. The dps that que for tank just didnt know how to hook step.
I actually like this. I feel like primal winston needs this too.
    *I actually*

*Like this. I feel like primal*

*Winston needs this too.*

\- Pnspi2

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
        good bot
        [deleted]
            Heathen
        bad bot
    Primal winston is just an ult battery for the enemies for the most part lmfao
        Primal winston is often used wrong anyways. If you die in primal it better be because you were in OT.  


Otherwise primals main job is to displace for your team. Too many winstons use it to just feed instead
they would have to need him first tho
Me too, although I though of the name "Intimidation"
Doesn't he sort of already give out 50% less charge as it's a damage reduction when huffing paint? 


Granted he could have been given another buff that reduces charge gain by 50% without the damage reduction at all times, though definitely not in the current state of affairs.



Winston however could use this buff right now. Be it 1000 health with 50% charge gains, or 500 health with 50% damage reduction like Hog.
Yes this coming from a Reinhardt main.  I mean I can still play him but his shield is gone almost instantly and I get zero effect because I have to get all the way to the ash or the Anna or the McCree while they are currently zapping all of my health.
I switched to roadhog and suddenly I am decimating people including other tanks who were dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.
    >dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.

This is absolutely correct, and it's a problem.
I dunno hey... hogs in my matches just hide out behind healers and dps and complain about shit dps.
It's best not to confuse what's popular with what meets functional requirements.
    The functional requirement is winning. Go watch like any GM game right now. They’re not running shield 90% of the time. Shield in low ranks with less coordination are even worse.
        Yeah, let's not bastardize terminology I use in arbitrary ways. By "functional requirement", I mean a very specific action that a teammate requests that can be performed regardless of what the enemy team does. Winning can't be a functional requirement because the enemy can stop it from happening. 

Anyway, as a non-GM, I often request a shield to block off the AoE damage that is either letting Ashe charge ult stupidly fast, the nade preventing me from effectively healing teammates mid-push, and the exploding D. Va mech that's wiping the more poorly-positioned teammates repeatedly.
Truth be told, it's always kind of meant please go Rein.


Even when Orisa was in an OP state about 10-15 months ago I would have choosing beggars sigh and be all like "I say to pick a shield and you went Orisa/Sigma/Winston".


I sort of get the grievance with Winston, especially back when his barrier didn't last long, but the choosing beggar is usually some DPS who doesn't even end up sticking with you when you go Rein.
    Always been like that. 

When I solo-queue as tank I sometimes give them one, one single chance on Rein. If they stick with me, I stick with Rein.

The moment they go off on their own I swap to Wrecking Ball. "You're throwing!"? No, I was throwing by playing shield man when y'all CLEARLY didn't want my fuckin' shield. Now I can go off and play on my own like y'all want to, too.
    Most dps don't understand the game that well even in diamond. They have good mechanics and that's it.   


Tanks and supports on the other hand, I found some gold tanks have better game sense and knowledge than some diamond dps.  


Now I'm not generalizing because I know some diamond dps who have weak mechanics and great gamesense. It's just the role is less reliant on it than say tank is.
    People just want a big thing to hide behind without any effort on their part. Winston's shield is on a long cooldown, Orisa's shield is small and doesn't allow for easy forward pushing and Sigma's shield requires finesse due to not being immediate, being immovable once placed and having a cooldown before you can deploy it again. 

A Rein shield is easy to rally behind in a way no other Tank's shield does because it's always there unless the Rein puts it away or it's broken. That's why you constantly have people screaming for the Rein to keep his shield up no matter what.
Plus rein is complete dog shit right now.
[deleted]
    I more meant his shield has more hp
Blizzard will have to either get very creative in designing new tanks or learn to stop adjusting the game based on vocal critics who will always, always find something to fault in the game no matter what. 

With dive, tanks could get kills like DPS, but we didn't like that so we introduced sombra, Brig, etc. to stop it. Dive hasn't been viable in years. 

With GOATS, tanks were able to overwhelm and outlast their opponents. But it wasn't exciting to watch, especially in the inevitable mirror match, and excluded DPS players, so we literally changed the structure of the game to stop that. 

Then double shields emerged, and tanks were able to strategically set up hold points and outlast their opponent, relying heavily on DPS to get through the opposing shields and get kills. But we didn't like that, because we didn't like shooting shields, so boom, nothing but nerfs for all shield tanks for about 8 months now. At this point, Orisa is a joke. 

My point is - I sympathize with the devs. What are they supposed to do when literally everything they come up with for how tanks function and their role in the game is criticized? You give tanks more agency like dive and there's complaints. You try to make them more passive and team based and people freak because they don't like shooting shields. It's a lose-lose.
Yes agreed. Valorant and CSGO are great competitive games but they are far less reliant on teamwork and teambased fights. It's hold a corner and either die instantly or get an instant kill. That's fine.

But overwatch isn't that kind of game.

Overwatch's higher TTK and ability based gameplay is supposed to be a moba with some FPS elements. But damage creep and one shot kill abilities is ruining it.

Before anyone say that I suck at positioning. It's not that. I hug corners and use cover too. It's just the shift to adding more One shot kill is changing the core of the game into something it isn't.
Oh SAAAAMMMEEE
Oh god... the days of 200hp and 400 armor. Man... I miss those days
>I can be a zarya with 100 energy on my gun and can’t solo kill him

At 100 energy you have 170 dps, hog has 600 health and 8s CD on breather. Even with just 50% accuracy you should burn him down before the CD is up.
    Say you are on hog and when you get him to 10 health he used his heal. The 8 second cooldown it takes starts, but then you have to reload for zarya which takes 2 seconds. By the time you get him close to death again, his heal is back ready to use
        But hog only heals 300hp. So you're now dealing with just 310hp hog. It's useless to shoot him while he's using breather (50% dmg reduction) so just reload then. You should be reloaded and ready to finish half-hp hog about 6s before his breather is ready again...
            Reloading while he heals is a pretty good tip. I thought it healed a lot more than 300
            Didn't know he had dmg reduction while taking a breather.  Great advice, thanks!
                Overwatch (well ow2 probably) needs to work on communicating what heroes actually do. At the very least it needs some easily browsable codex with all the heroes and their abilities and ideally raw numbers. Right now you have to pick the hero and press F1 to learn what the abilities do and if you want raw numbers you have to go to external resources.
                He can survive a point blank D.Va nuke because of it by the way. It does 1000 damage, so long as he's over 500 health and starts huffing as it's about to go off be gets booped a little. He can walk away with up to 400 health standing on the nuke.
                    Yep I will often hook nuke into a small room and then block the blast with my vape by standing in the doorway. I get free ult charge and help my team.  


Unfortunately I did this once and genji who dashed to cover, dashed into the room I hooked the bomb in. Sorry genji
    His armor and all man it just doesn’t happen. I’ve blasted him with 100% accuracy
        Hog doesnt have armor.
            Well factor in zarya having to reload. I’m telling ya, 100 energy I cannot solo a hog with my beam right in his fat belly
        > His armor

Hog doesn't have armor. Just 600 regular HP.
            Right I made a mistake there but I explained further in a comment abover. Factoring in zarya’s 2 second reload gives his cooldown two extra seconds so you only get a 6 seconds window to damage him. Also factoring in loss of energy on zaryas gun unless he’s shooting you, and if you get hooked that’s a good 4 seconds of you being unable to damage him. I’m just saying anyone as zarya vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight. I’ve just came to realize that long fight is usually best to avoid until you have backup. Heck a roadhog with a zenyatta healing orb on him could probably beat Godzilla
                >vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight.

why should it be an easy fight?
                    Well easier than it is. Fighting every hero I feel like I have a chance. I’m not saying an easy fight I’m saying a more fair fight
Blizz has reverted quite a few of the dps buffs- most noteable reaper and mei and mccree
    Yeah and I hope it doesn't stop there. Goat patches made sense at the time but post-rolequeue these patches only make the game a mess.
Or they're just waiting around a corner for you to walk to them spamming i need healing. I'm done with those people, no healing if you suck that much at situational awareness.
    Or they're playing Tracer, continuing to strafe left and right while poking the enemy from 30m away at a sliver of health. You're playing Ana, so you miss two heals that could have gone onto your front-line tanks.
    Or I'm a tank at 25 hp standing behind the mercy spamming I need healing, but she's too busy boosting the bastion. So i play hog.
        You’re standing behind the Mercy and expecting them to see you? You can make it easier for them to heal you by moving closer
            And put myself into LOS and die to random shit?
                [deleted]
                    No shit?
        The tank behind me is less important than the DPS in front of me.
            Boosting the bastion is more important than healing your tank with 25 hp? Ok.
I hate it when our Hammond is needing healing but he keeps rolling away from like damn just stop for a second.
    Moira players get a lot of hate for not using the heal orb but I can’t even estimate the number of times my team just runs away from the healing orb or completely ignores it when I toss it into a room for maximum bounces.
        I use my heal orb all the time and ive still been yelled at for not using it before lol. One time, someone was far away from me, super low on health, asking for heals. My orb was on CD and wouldn't have even reached them in time anyway, but they go off on me about how I need to use my heal orb.
            I had to quit competitive this season because I kept getting matched with toxic D.Va players who would harass me and spam “I need healing” while I was actively healing them with the spray and my healing orb was bouncing around them. I moved to Quick Play Classic and Lucioball and my mental health has thanked me.
                As a D.va main, I HATE D.va players that make her look bad like this.  I tell my healers "I'll come to YOU when I need healing, if I don't, its my own fault, don't chase me, cuz you'll die".  D.va can fly ffs!  Rush in, do damage, fly out, repeat till low'ish on health, fly back to healer/payload (payload heals...slowly).  Not that hard!
                    No hate to D.Va or D.Va mains! I’ve had great matches with D.Va players, it was just 4 matches in a row with different teams where I was getting harassed/blamed via Xbox messages outside of the game in addition to spamming the heal voice line and distracting me in-game while I was trying to climb back up to gold. It was definitely not fun the 2nd time, let alone the 3rd and 4th.
            I feel you. 

As Moira, I had a toxic AF DPS soldier screaming at me for not healing them. I asked where they were located. “Behind you” was the answer. Like bro, how am I supposed to heal, let alone see you, when you are **behind** me?! 

We win that match and I got a card for healing. I reported him.
Playing ring around the rosy is what drives me mad when I’m trying to heal. Like, can’t we all see each other thru walls now??
I try really hard to not suicide-res, even if people are begging for it. Really annoyed me that time because the coast looked clear from my perspective, until I reached his body and THEN i could see all the enemies. I dont understand how some players are so careless to ask Mercy to suicide for them. Do they even realize that a failed res still puts it on a long-ass CD?
    > long ass-cd

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
    A tip not just for mercy but literally every hero is to pay attention and think about enemy and teammate positioning constantly. Do it until it comes naturally.

Makes rez and other risky moves much easier
Ah, gotcha
It’s been a few weeks since I’ve played. Haven’t kept up on patches either. Did they buff Roadhog?
    Yep. And mega nerfed orisa and nerfed sigma. Shields are no more
Sounds like every hero. People just rag on dps Moira’s
    DPS (flanking) Moiras is a product of low ranked players finding great success in taking out entire backlines of equally low ranked opponents. Which conditions them to employ the same flanking tactics over and over. Up till a certain rank where players are mechanically strong enough to hold their own; where these Moiras are considered throwing. Even though they are doing what "earns" them that rank in the first place.
    Yeah it’s fun playing Moira and getting criticized for having gold elims when you also have gold healing. I get silver and gold elims when I don’t even throw out damage orbs because if I’m not lifetapping I’m not healing.
As a Moira player, I see a lot of terrible tanks who will position themselves to get blasted by the enemy team for no reason and then complain that I can’t outheal the damage they aren’t moving out of the way of. Can’t heal bad positioning with all the piss in the world, folks.
    Oh for sure; there are terrible players all around, regardless of role. My point was, despite the lower mechanical requirements, Moira is far from the brainless hero many players claim her to be. The difference between a casual Moira and someone who has actually mastered her is night and day.

Her skill floor (which is where the discussion started) is a bit special, I would say - if you don't learn proper piss management, you will be unable to fulfill your role as a healer. In fact, I would much rather have an Ana (the support with the highest mechanical skill floor) who can't aim than a Moira who can't manage her charge.
        I've been maining Moira for a long time (only casual, no comp) and since they nerfed her piss it's hard to keep it full, especially if I'm the only healer. And the fact that dps output only seems to get buffed doesn't help, either.

But tbh you can be out of piss and still do great healing easily, just need to use the heal ball effectively, and ult if you're desperate for heals.
            Its worth knowing that moira has heal over time that slowly heals about 100hp or so and she can rapidly tap suck on an enemy to quickly build heal meter at the cost of damage, makes it much easier when you know that

Basically tap suck and tap heal unless youre trying to save a teammate/heal a low hp tank or killing an enemy/breaking a shield
                I play Moira pretty aggressively, but it's really hard to suck on enemies when they're all playing snipers...
I think a big issue is it’s not very clear at first that her healing lingers. Many low rank players probably treat it like a Mercy beam, holding heal all the way to full instead of just tapping
> bladder control

LOL nice
thats just being a bad player in general.... not appliable to "just" moira
[https://youtu.be/AQ4BAG520LY](https://youtu.be/AQ4BAG520LY)
    Literally google it
    I enjoyed watching that video when it came out, but Skyline did get some details in the video incorrect.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/5t6w9j/the_high_skill_floor_vs_low_skill_floor_debate/

His definitions simply don't meet the general consensus.
It's a bot triggered whenever anyone makes a comment that has the right number of syllables for a haiku.
    I mean, i get it, I am just like wtf ist that haiku lol the worst haiku I have ever read lol
        Yeah it's been around for the past couple days. 

I really hope it fucks off.
            Do you want an Omnic crisis?  
 
Because that's how you get an Omnic crisis.
                Wouldn't even be the worst or weirdest thing to happen in 2020. 

Had no idea bots where so popular, colour me suprised.
            I really hope you fuck off mate i rate this bot
                Hahahaha you're like 13
            The bot is awesome. It detects haiku's for fun. You should get on board.
                I know what it does lol i just find those bots obnoxious 

And earlier one had been edited that was like "before you complain real has two syllables" buT IT DOESN'T AT ALL
                    Some bots aren't perfect. You can applaud the effort. Just give it some time.
Like brig didn't deserve it?
    Brig doesnt need anymore disappointment in her life man
Overwatch is shit and I hate it!!!

*sees other people having fun and still enjoying it*

):<
    Oh god i got down voted to hell. This post had like 5 comments i didnt think it would go far. Well i deserved it ig. But issok cause this thread made me laugh lmao. I used to love this game a lot was pretty dedicated got diamond finally after starting at bronze. So i actually improved but the game wouldnt let me progress ever further than 3000 sr for 2 seasons straight. Whether or not that is because of my lack of skill needed to move forward or just because the comp system just wasnt good idk. Yall probably are gonna say its cause im bad at the game but i lost interest and felt like the game went to shit cause i got tired of the effort i had to put in to maintain sr and many people know that a lot of the big OW streamers also kind of know that imo. im looking forward the OW 2 tho so hopefully i have fun with that sorry for the toxicity the game just gives me bad memories.
I was told gold was average, like a C+ and plat is like a B, and so on
That’s not really wrong either, according to a post made by Jeff Kaplan, 28% of players are below gold, 55% are gold or plat, and 14% are above plat. So more than half of the player base is gold or plat. The post by Jeff I’m referencing is from 2018 so I’m sure there have been some changes since then, but it’s still nice to know as a reference. I’m sure there’s an updated list out there somewhere
Is well aimed for hog mid body because of his spread? I almost always play main tank, but have been trying to learn more hog since the new meta. Appreciate your tips!
    You actually want to aim for the neck area as the headshots are very valuable. I was a flex tank player except roadhog, but I've also been putting in time to learn hog and it's been working decently.
        Ok, good to know. I wasn’t sure if the spread from the scrap gun would make aiming for the head cause less overall DPS. Thanks friend!

Side note because of your username, do you live in Korea or are you just Korean? I live in Daegu!
            I am actually Korean, but living in the US :)
                Small world, looks like we traded homes. I’ll try to eat some extra Bibimbab for you tomorrow.
holy crap, why is it so powerful again?
    The recent hog buffs lol. The gun does so much damage.
        Interesting, have the devs mentioned why they brought back the ol hooky one tap? Was Hog under performing or something?
            Hog was always an underperformer until now. He used to always be a liability, (usually) feeding a ton of ult charge and just being unable to do anything against shields. Now the tables have turned.
                That makes sense. I definitely understand the feeding argument.
            Hook has always been a 1 tap. The dps that que for tank just didnt know how to hook step.
*I actually*

*Like this. I feel like primal*

*Winston needs this too.*

\- Pnspi2

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&#32;more&#32;about&#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")
    good bot
    [deleted]
        Heathen
    bad bot
Primal winston is just an ult battery for the enemies for the most part lmfao
    Primal winston is often used wrong anyways. If you die in primal it better be because you were in OT.  


Otherwise primals main job is to displace for your team. Too many winstons use it to just feed instead
>dumb enough to not be roadhog or zarya.

This is absolutely correct, and it's a problem.
The functional requirement is winning. Go watch like any GM game right now. They’re not running shield 90% of the time. Shield in low ranks with less coordination are even worse.
    Yeah, let's not bastardize terminology I use in arbitrary ways. By "functional requirement", I mean a very specific action that a teammate requests that can be performed regardless of what the enemy team does. Winning can't be a functional requirement because the enemy can stop it from happening. 

Anyway, as a non-GM, I often request a shield to block off the AoE damage that is either letting Ashe charge ult stupidly fast, the nade preventing me from effectively healing teammates mid-push, and the exploding D. Va mech that's wiping the more poorly-positioned teammates repeatedly.
Always been like that. 

When I solo-queue as tank I sometimes give them one, one single chance on Rein. If they stick with me, I stick with Rein.

The moment they go off on their own I swap to Wrecking Ball. "You're throwing!"? No, I was throwing by playing shield man when y'all CLEARLY didn't want my fuckin' shield. Now I can go off and play on my own like y'all want to, too.
Most dps don't understand the game that well even in diamond. They have good mechanics and that's it.   


Tanks and supports on the other hand, I found some gold tanks have better game sense and knowledge than some diamond dps.  


Now I'm not generalizing because I know some diamond dps who have weak mechanics and great gamesense. It's just the role is less reliant on it than say tank is.
People just want a big thing to hide behind without any effort on their part. Winston's shield is on a long cooldown, Orisa's shield is small and doesn't allow for easy forward pushing and Sigma's shield requires finesse due to not being immediate, being immovable once placed and having a cooldown before you can deploy it again. 

A Rein shield is easy to rally behind in a way no other Tank's shield does because it's always there unless the Rein puts it away or it's broken. That's why you constantly have people screaming for the Rein to keep his shield up no matter what.
I more meant his shield has more hp
Say you are on hog and when you get him to 10 health he used his heal. The 8 second cooldown it takes starts, but then you have to reload for zarya which takes 2 seconds. By the time you get him close to death again, his heal is back ready to use
    But hog only heals 300hp. So you're now dealing with just 310hp hog. It's useless to shoot him while he's using breather (50% dmg reduction) so just reload then. You should be reloaded and ready to finish half-hp hog about 6s before his breather is ready again...
        Reloading while he heals is a pretty good tip. I thought it healed a lot more than 300
        Didn't know he had dmg reduction while taking a breather.  Great advice, thanks!
            Overwatch (well ow2 probably) needs to work on communicating what heroes actually do. At the very least it needs some easily browsable codex with all the heroes and their abilities and ideally raw numbers. Right now you have to pick the hero and press F1 to learn what the abilities do and if you want raw numbers you have to go to external resources.
            He can survive a point blank D.Va nuke because of it by the way. It does 1000 damage, so long as he's over 500 health and starts huffing as it's about to go off be gets booped a little. He can walk away with up to 400 health standing on the nuke.
                Yep I will often hook nuke into a small room and then block the blast with my vape by standing in the doorway. I get free ult charge and help my team.  


Unfortunately I did this once and genji who dashed to cover, dashed into the room I hooked the bomb in. Sorry genji
His armor and all man it just doesn’t happen. I’ve blasted him with 100% accuracy
    Hog doesnt have armor.
        Well factor in zarya having to reload. I’m telling ya, 100 energy I cannot solo a hog with my beam right in his fat belly
    > His armor

Hog doesn't have armor. Just 600 regular HP.
        Right I made a mistake there but I explained further in a comment abover. Factoring in zarya’s 2 second reload gives his cooldown two extra seconds so you only get a 6 seconds window to damage him. Also factoring in loss of energy on zaryas gun unless he’s shooting you, and if you get hooked that’s a good 4 seconds of you being unable to damage him. I’m just saying anyone as zarya vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight. I’ve just came to realize that long fight is usually best to avoid until you have backup. Heck a roadhog with a zenyatta healing orb on him could probably beat Godzilla
            >vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight.

why should it be an easy fight?
                Well easier than it is. Fighting every hero I feel like I have a chance. I’m not saying an easy fight I’m saying a more fair fight
Yeah and I hope it doesn't stop there. Goat patches made sense at the time but post-rolequeue these patches only make the game a mess.
Or they're playing Tracer, continuing to strafe left and right while poking the enemy from 30m away at a sliver of health. You're playing Ana, so you miss two heals that could have gone onto your front-line tanks.
Or I'm a tank at 25 hp standing behind the mercy spamming I need healing, but she's too busy boosting the bastion. So i play hog.
    You’re standing behind the Mercy and expecting them to see you? You can make it easier for them to heal you by moving closer
        And put myself into LOS and die to random shit?
            [deleted]
                No shit?
    The tank behind me is less important than the DPS in front of me.
        Boosting the bastion is more important than healing your tank with 25 hp? Ok.
Moira players get a lot of hate for not using the heal orb but I can’t even estimate the number of times my team just runs away from the healing orb or completely ignores it when I toss it into a room for maximum bounces.
    I use my heal orb all the time and ive still been yelled at for not using it before lol. One time, someone was far away from me, super low on health, asking for heals. My orb was on CD and wouldn't have even reached them in time anyway, but they go off on me about how I need to use my heal orb.
        I had to quit competitive this season because I kept getting matched with toxic D.Va players who would harass me and spam “I need healing” while I was actively healing them with the spray and my healing orb was bouncing around them. I moved to Quick Play Classic and Lucioball and my mental health has thanked me.
            As a D.va main, I HATE D.va players that make her look bad like this.  I tell my healers "I'll come to YOU when I need healing, if I don't, its my own fault, don't chase me, cuz you'll die".  D.va can fly ffs!  Rush in, do damage, fly out, repeat till low'ish on health, fly back to healer/payload (payload heals...slowly).  Not that hard!
                No hate to D.Va or D.Va mains! I’ve had great matches with D.Va players, it was just 4 matches in a row with different teams where I was getting harassed/blamed via Xbox messages outside of the game in addition to spamming the heal voice line and distracting me in-game while I was trying to climb back up to gold. It was definitely not fun the 2nd time, let alone the 3rd and 4th.
        I feel you. 

As Moira, I had a toxic AF DPS soldier screaming at me for not healing them. I asked where they were located. “Behind you” was the answer. Like bro, how am I supposed to heal, let alone see you, when you are **behind** me?! 

We win that match and I got a card for healing. I reported him.
> long ass-cd

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
A tip not just for mercy but literally every hero is to pay attention and think about enemy and teammate positioning constantly. Do it until it comes naturally.

Makes rez and other risky moves much easier
Yep. And mega nerfed orisa and nerfed sigma. Shields are no more
DPS (flanking) Moiras is a product of low ranked players finding great success in taking out entire backlines of equally low ranked opponents. Which conditions them to employ the same flanking tactics over and over. Up till a certain rank where players are mechanically strong enough to hold their own; where these Moiras are considered throwing. Even though they are doing what "earns" them that rank in the first place.
Yeah it’s fun playing Moira and getting criticized for having gold elims when you also have gold healing. I get silver and gold elims when I don’t even throw out damage orbs because if I’m not lifetapping I’m not healing.
Oh for sure; there are terrible players all around, regardless of role. My point was, despite the lower mechanical requirements, Moira is far from the brainless hero many players claim her to be. The difference between a casual Moira and someone who has actually mastered her is night and day.

Her skill floor (which is where the discussion started) is a bit special, I would say - if you don't learn proper piss management, you will be unable to fulfill your role as a healer. In fact, I would much rather have an Ana (the support with the highest mechanical skill floor) who can't aim than a Moira who can't manage her charge.
    I've been maining Moira for a long time (only casual, no comp) and since they nerfed her piss it's hard to keep it full, especially if I'm the only healer. And the fact that dps output only seems to get buffed doesn't help, either.

But tbh you can be out of piss and still do great healing easily, just need to use the heal ball effectively, and ult if you're desperate for heals.
        Its worth knowing that moira has heal over time that slowly heals about 100hp or so and she can rapidly tap suck on an enemy to quickly build heal meter at the cost of damage, makes it much easier when you know that

Basically tap suck and tap heal unless youre trying to save a teammate/heal a low hp tank or killing an enemy/breaking a shield
            I play Moira pretty aggressively, but it's really hard to suck on enemies when they're all playing snipers...
Literally google it
I enjoyed watching that video when it came out, but Skyline did get some details in the video incorrect.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/5t6w9j/the_high_skill_floor_vs_low_skill_floor_debate/

His definitions simply don't meet the general consensus.
I mean, i get it, I am just like wtf ist that haiku lol the worst haiku I have ever read lol
    Yeah it's been around for the past couple days. 

I really hope it fucks off.
        Do you want an Omnic crisis?  
 
Because that's how you get an Omnic crisis.
            Wouldn't even be the worst or weirdest thing to happen in 2020. 

Had no idea bots where so popular, colour me suprised.
        I really hope you fuck off mate i rate this bot
            Hahahaha you're like 13
        The bot is awesome. It detects haiku's for fun. You should get on board.
            I know what it does lol i just find those bots obnoxious 

And earlier one had been edited that was like "before you complain real has two syllables" buT IT DOESN'T AT ALL
                Some bots aren't perfect. You can applaud the effort. Just give it some time.
Brig doesnt need anymore disappointment in her life man
Oh god i got down voted to hell. This post had like 5 comments i didnt think it would go far. Well i deserved it ig. But issok cause this thread made me laugh lmao. I used to love this game a lot was pretty dedicated got diamond finally after starting at bronze. So i actually improved but the game wouldnt let me progress ever further than 3000 sr for 2 seasons straight. Whether or not that is because of my lack of skill needed to move forward or just because the comp system just wasnt good idk. Yall probably are gonna say its cause im bad at the game but i lost interest and felt like the game went to shit cause i got tired of the effort i had to put in to maintain sr and many people know that a lot of the big OW streamers also kind of know that imo. im looking forward the OW 2 tho so hopefully i have fun with that sorry for the toxicity the game just gives me bad memories.
You actually want to aim for the neck area as the headshots are very valuable. I was a flex tank player except roadhog, but I've also been putting in time to learn hog and it's been working decently.
    Ok, good to know. I wasn’t sure if the spread from the scrap gun would make aiming for the head cause less overall DPS. Thanks friend!

Side note because of your username, do you live in Korea or are you just Korean? I live in Daegu!
        I am actually Korean, but living in the US :)
            Small world, looks like we traded homes. I’ll try to eat some extra Bibimbab for you tomorrow.
The recent hog buffs lol. The gun does so much damage.
    Interesting, have the devs mentioned why they brought back the ol hooky one tap? Was Hog under performing or something?
        Hog was always an underperformer until now. He used to always be a liability, (usually) feeding a ton of ult charge and just being unable to do anything against shields. Now the tables have turned.
            That makes sense. I definitely understand the feeding argument.
        Hook has always been a 1 tap. The dps that que for tank just didnt know how to hook step.
good bot
[deleted]
    Heathen
bad bot
Primal winston is often used wrong anyways. If you die in primal it better be because you were in OT.  


Otherwise primals main job is to displace for your team. Too many winstons use it to just feed instead
Yeah, let's not bastardize terminology I use in arbitrary ways. By "functional requirement", I mean a very specific action that a teammate requests that can be performed regardless of what the enemy team does. Winning can't be a functional requirement because the enemy can stop it from happening. 

Anyway, as a non-GM, I often request a shield to block off the AoE damage that is either letting Ashe charge ult stupidly fast, the nade preventing me from effectively healing teammates mid-push, and the exploding D. Va mech that's wiping the more poorly-positioned teammates repeatedly.
But hog only heals 300hp. So you're now dealing with just 310hp hog. It's useless to shoot him while he's using breather (50% dmg reduction) so just reload then. You should be reloaded and ready to finish half-hp hog about 6s before his breather is ready again...
    Reloading while he heals is a pretty good tip. I thought it healed a lot more than 300
    Didn't know he had dmg reduction while taking a breather.  Great advice, thanks!
        Overwatch (well ow2 probably) needs to work on communicating what heroes actually do. At the very least it needs some easily browsable codex with all the heroes and their abilities and ideally raw numbers. Right now you have to pick the hero and press F1 to learn what the abilities do and if you want raw numbers you have to go to external resources.
        He can survive a point blank D.Va nuke because of it by the way. It does 1000 damage, so long as he's over 500 health and starts huffing as it's about to go off be gets booped a little. He can walk away with up to 400 health standing on the nuke.
            Yep I will often hook nuke into a small room and then block the blast with my vape by standing in the doorway. I get free ult charge and help my team.  


Unfortunately I did this once and genji who dashed to cover, dashed into the room I hooked the bomb in. Sorry genji
Hog doesnt have armor.
    Well factor in zarya having to reload. I’m telling ya, 100 energy I cannot solo a hog with my beam right in his fat belly
> His armor

Hog doesn't have armor. Just 600 regular HP.
    Right I made a mistake there but I explained further in a comment abover. Factoring in zarya’s 2 second reload gives his cooldown two extra seconds so you only get a 6 seconds window to damage him. Also factoring in loss of energy on zaryas gun unless he’s shooting you, and if you get hooked that’s a good 4 seconds of you being unable to damage him. I’m just saying anyone as zarya vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight. I’ve just came to realize that long fight is usually best to avoid until you have backup. Heck a roadhog with a zenyatta healing orb on him could probably beat Godzilla
        >vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight.

why should it be an easy fight?
            Well easier than it is. Fighting every hero I feel like I have a chance. I’m not saying an easy fight I’m saying a more fair fight
You’re standing behind the Mercy and expecting them to see you? You can make it easier for them to heal you by moving closer
    And put myself into LOS and die to random shit?
        [deleted]
            No shit?
The tank behind me is less important than the DPS in front of me.
    Boosting the bastion is more important than healing your tank with 25 hp? Ok.
I use my heal orb all the time and ive still been yelled at for not using it before lol. One time, someone was far away from me, super low on health, asking for heals. My orb was on CD and wouldn't have even reached them in time anyway, but they go off on me about how I need to use my heal orb.
    I had to quit competitive this season because I kept getting matched with toxic D.Va players who would harass me and spam “I need healing” while I was actively healing them with the spray and my healing orb was bouncing around them. I moved to Quick Play Classic and Lucioball and my mental health has thanked me.
        As a D.va main, I HATE D.va players that make her look bad like this.  I tell my healers "I'll come to YOU when I need healing, if I don't, its my own fault, don't chase me, cuz you'll die".  D.va can fly ffs!  Rush in, do damage, fly out, repeat till low'ish on health, fly back to healer/payload (payload heals...slowly).  Not that hard!
            No hate to D.Va or D.Va mains! I’ve had great matches with D.Va players, it was just 4 matches in a row with different teams where I was getting harassed/blamed via Xbox messages outside of the game in addition to spamming the heal voice line and distracting me in-game while I was trying to climb back up to gold. It was definitely not fun the 2nd time, let alone the 3rd and 4th.
    I feel you. 

As Moira, I had a toxic AF DPS soldier screaming at me for not healing them. I asked where they were located. “Behind you” was the answer. Like bro, how am I supposed to heal, let alone see you, when you are **behind** me?! 

We win that match and I got a card for healing. I reported him.
I've been maining Moira for a long time (only casual, no comp) and since they nerfed her piss it's hard to keep it full, especially if I'm the only healer. And the fact that dps output only seems to get buffed doesn't help, either.

But tbh you can be out of piss and still do great healing easily, just need to use the heal ball effectively, and ult if you're desperate for heals.
    Its worth knowing that moira has heal over time that slowly heals about 100hp or so and she can rapidly tap suck on an enemy to quickly build heal meter at the cost of damage, makes it much easier when you know that

Basically tap suck and tap heal unless youre trying to save a teammate/heal a low hp tank or killing an enemy/breaking a shield
        I play Moira pretty aggressively, but it's really hard to suck on enemies when they're all playing snipers...
Yeah it's been around for the past couple days. 

I really hope it fucks off.
    Do you want an Omnic crisis?  
 
Because that's how you get an Omnic crisis.
        Wouldn't even be the worst or weirdest thing to happen in 2020. 

Had no idea bots where so popular, colour me suprised.
    I really hope you fuck off mate i rate this bot
        Hahahaha you're like 13
    The bot is awesome. It detects haiku's for fun. You should get on board.
        I know what it does lol i just find those bots obnoxious 

And earlier one had been edited that was like "before you complain real has two syllables" buT IT DOESN'T AT ALL
            Some bots aren't perfect. You can applaud the effort. Just give it some time.
Ok, good to know. I wasn’t sure if the spread from the scrap gun would make aiming for the head cause less overall DPS. Thanks friend!

Side note because of your username, do you live in Korea or are you just Korean? I live in Daegu!
    I am actually Korean, but living in the US :)
        Small world, looks like we traded homes. I’ll try to eat some extra Bibimbab for you tomorrow.
Interesting, have the devs mentioned why they brought back the ol hooky one tap? Was Hog under performing or something?
    Hog was always an underperformer until now. He used to always be a liability, (usually) feeding a ton of ult charge and just being unable to do anything against shields. Now the tables have turned.
        That makes sense. I definitely understand the feeding argument.
    Hook has always been a 1 tap. The dps that que for tank just didnt know how to hook step.
Heathen
Reloading while he heals is a pretty good tip. I thought it healed a lot more than 300
Didn't know he had dmg reduction while taking a breather.  Great advice, thanks!
    Overwatch (well ow2 probably) needs to work on communicating what heroes actually do. At the very least it needs some easily browsable codex with all the heroes and their abilities and ideally raw numbers. Right now you have to pick the hero and press F1 to learn what the abilities do and if you want raw numbers you have to go to external resources.
    He can survive a point blank D.Va nuke because of it by the way. It does 1000 damage, so long as he's over 500 health and starts huffing as it's about to go off be gets booped a little. He can walk away with up to 400 health standing on the nuke.
        Yep I will often hook nuke into a small room and then block the blast with my vape by standing in the doorway. I get free ult charge and help my team.  


Unfortunately I did this once and genji who dashed to cover, dashed into the room I hooked the bomb in. Sorry genji
Well factor in zarya having to reload. I’m telling ya, 100 energy I cannot solo a hog with my beam right in his fat belly
Right I made a mistake there but I explained further in a comment abover. Factoring in zarya’s 2 second reload gives his cooldown two extra seconds so you only get a 6 seconds window to damage him. Also factoring in loss of energy on zaryas gun unless he’s shooting you, and if you get hooked that’s a good 4 seconds of you being unable to damage him. I’m just saying anyone as zarya vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight. I’ve just came to realize that long fight is usually best to avoid until you have backup. Heck a roadhog with a zenyatta healing orb on him could probably beat Godzilla
    >vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight.

why should it be an easy fight?
        Well easier than it is. Fighting every hero I feel like I have a chance. I’m not saying an easy fight I’m saying a more fair fight
And put myself into LOS and die to random shit?
    [deleted]
        No shit?
Boosting the bastion is more important than healing your tank with 25 hp? Ok.
I had to quit competitive this season because I kept getting matched with toxic D.Va players who would harass me and spam “I need healing” while I was actively healing them with the spray and my healing orb was bouncing around them. I moved to Quick Play Classic and Lucioball and my mental health has thanked me.
    As a D.va main, I HATE D.va players that make her look bad like this.  I tell my healers "I'll come to YOU when I need healing, if I don't, its my own fault, don't chase me, cuz you'll die".  D.va can fly ffs!  Rush in, do damage, fly out, repeat till low'ish on health, fly back to healer/payload (payload heals...slowly).  Not that hard!
        No hate to D.Va or D.Va mains! I’ve had great matches with D.Va players, it was just 4 matches in a row with different teams where I was getting harassed/blamed via Xbox messages outside of the game in addition to spamming the heal voice line and distracting me in-game while I was trying to climb back up to gold. It was definitely not fun the 2nd time, let alone the 3rd and 4th.
I feel you. 

As Moira, I had a toxic AF DPS soldier screaming at me for not healing them. I asked where they were located. “Behind you” was the answer. Like bro, how am I supposed to heal, let alone see you, when you are **behind** me?! 

We win that match and I got a card for healing. I reported him.
Its worth knowing that moira has heal over time that slowly heals about 100hp or so and she can rapidly tap suck on an enemy to quickly build heal meter at the cost of damage, makes it much easier when you know that

Basically tap suck and tap heal unless youre trying to save a teammate/heal a low hp tank or killing an enemy/breaking a shield
    I play Moira pretty aggressively, but it's really hard to suck on enemies when they're all playing snipers...
Do you want an Omnic crisis?  
 
Because that's how you get an Omnic crisis.
    Wouldn't even be the worst or weirdest thing to happen in 2020. 

Had no idea bots where so popular, colour me suprised.
I really hope you fuck off mate i rate this bot
    Hahahaha you're like 13
The bot is awesome. It detects haiku's for fun. You should get on board.
    I know what it does lol i just find those bots obnoxious 

And earlier one had been edited that was like "before you complain real has two syllables" buT IT DOESN'T AT ALL
        Some bots aren't perfect. You can applaud the effort. Just give it some time.
I am actually Korean, but living in the US :)
    Small world, looks like we traded homes. I’ll try to eat some extra Bibimbab for you tomorrow.
Hog was always an underperformer until now. He used to always be a liability, (usually) feeding a ton of ult charge and just being unable to do anything against shields. Now the tables have turned.
    That makes sense. I definitely understand the feeding argument.
Hook has always been a 1 tap. The dps that que for tank just didnt know how to hook step.
Overwatch (well ow2 probably) needs to work on communicating what heroes actually do. At the very least it needs some easily browsable codex with all the heroes and their abilities and ideally raw numbers. Right now you have to pick the hero and press F1 to learn what the abilities do and if you want raw numbers you have to go to external resources.
He can survive a point blank D.Va nuke because of it by the way. It does 1000 damage, so long as he's over 500 health and starts huffing as it's about to go off be gets booped a little. He can walk away with up to 400 health standing on the nuke.
    Yep I will often hook nuke into a small room and then block the blast with my vape by standing in the doorway. I get free ult charge and help my team.  


Unfortunately I did this once and genji who dashed to cover, dashed into the room I hooked the bomb in. Sorry genji
>vs a roadhog that knows what he is doing is a very hard fight.

why should it be an easy fight?
    Well easier than it is. Fighting every hero I feel like I have a chance. I’m not saying an easy fight I’m saying a more fair fight
[deleted]
    No shit?
As a D.va main, I HATE D.va players that make her look bad like this.  I tell my healers "I'll come to YOU when I need healing, if I don't, its my own fault, don't chase me, cuz you'll die".  D.va can fly ffs!  Rush in, do damage, fly out, repeat till low'ish on health, fly back to healer/payload (payload heals...slowly).  Not that hard!
    No hate to D.Va or D.Va mains! I’ve had great matches with D.Va players, it was just 4 matches in a row with different teams where I was getting harassed/blamed via Xbox messages outside of the game in addition to spamming the heal voice line and distracting me in-game while I was trying to climb back up to gold. It was definitely not fun the 2nd time, let alone the 3rd and 4th.
I play Moira pretty aggressively, but it's really hard to suck on enemies when they're all playing snipers...
Wouldn't even be the worst or weirdest thing to happen in 2020. 

Had no idea bots where so popular, colour me suprised.
Hahahaha you're like 13
I know what it does lol i just find those bots obnoxious 

And earlier one had been edited that was like "before you complain real has two syllables" buT IT DOESN'T AT ALL
    Some bots aren't perfect. You can applaud the effort. Just give it some time.
Small world, looks like we traded homes. I’ll try to eat some extra Bibimbab for you tomorrow.
That makes sense. I definitely understand the feeding argument.
Yep I will often hook nuke into a small room and then block the blast with my vape by standing in the doorway. I get free ult charge and help my team.  


Unfortunately I did this once and genji who dashed to cover, dashed into the room I hooked the bomb in. Sorry genji
Well easier than it is. Fighting every hero I feel like I have a chance. I’m not saying an easy fight I’m saying a more fair fight
No shit?
No hate to D.Va or D.Va mains! I’ve had great matches with D.Va players, it was just 4 matches in a row with different teams where I was getting harassed/blamed via Xbox messages outside of the game in addition to spamming the heal voice line and distracting me in-game while I was trying to climb back up to gold. It was definitely not fun the 2nd time, let alone the 3rd and 4th.
Some bots aren't perfect. You can applaud the effort. Just give it some time.
