[[Thoughts on 'Ghost of Tsushima']]


 Recently bought a PS5 and I'm thinking about getting it as one of my first games. The gameplay looks dope from what I saw and a lot of my friends have been recommending it. Anything involving swords is just automatically intriguing to me. The story sounds unique and complex, it taking place in 1274 I think can make for a fun gaming experience. I wanted to hear from y'all though, what are your overall thoughts on it?


It’s an amazing game. Great visuals, the sword play feels good and fresh. Having the ability to play it so many different ways with the black and white mode and all that jazz is cool too. Definitely worth a play.
I see a lot of comments comparing it to Ubisoft open world games; I agree with that sentiment. But, it's worth noting that Ghost of Tsushima has a level of care built into it that Ubisoft games don't. There's no micro transactions. All cosmetics are unlocked through gameplay. The UI is minimalist. Both combat and stealth are equally viable and fun. It's a well built game.
    I really love the viability of both combat styles. My friend did everything stealth. I walked into every base declaring challenges.
    I mostly agree with what you are saying, but I'm pretty sure there is a superior version of GoT that is linear. I don't think the open world was particularly well used.
        This. The open world is just annoying after a couple of hours. There are mongols patrolling the roads and people asking for help and aside from about 5-6 stories that are open world, that’s it. I found myself avoiding all the combat opportunities between story missions and was kind of annoyed at how far apart everything was. Also, taking the forts and villages was fun, for a time but that just reached the point of tedium for me.
            Complete opposite for me. I enjoyed exploring the world and thought it looked stunning. I also never got tired of the combat and sought out fights constantly.
    It seems to trim the fat off of a lot of elements you see in Ubisoft games. It's kinda like how I envision an assassin's creed more if it was more about the quality then the quantity. 


I also think the story is just easier to follow in general. 
    > But, it's worth noting that Ghost of Tsushima has a level of care built into it that Ubisoft games don't.

You're either overselling GoT or underrating Ubi games, because aside from the Japanese theme/story, they're virtually identical. Something like Black Flag also doesn't have microtransactions, and the gameplay is extremely similar.
        Yeah, honestly that was my experiance. I used to be into those kinds of open world games years ago but kinda perminantly burned out on them and stopped buying any. Got Ghost of Tsushima with my PS5 because of the positivity i'd seen and while it's well made and graphically impressive it mostly just felt like a less unique retread of Shadow of Mordor.

I enjoyed GoT for maybe 20-30 hours but just burned out at that point because it's so repetative and dropped it.

It's absolutely not a bad game or anything, if I was a teenager who hadn't played many similar open world games I would have loved it but as someone in their 30's who played all the foundational games of the genre on launch and doesn't really care about flashy graphics anymore it's nothing special.
            it's not a bad game by any measure, but it doesn't really bring anything new to the table and by the end, you've done the same things over and over without much variation. By the time I got to the DLC, I enjoyed the new abilities but I was burned out and just gave up.
            SoT?… I can’t tell if you meant to abbreviate Ghost of Tsushima, Shadow of Mordor, or something else that you haven’t mentioned
                I think for a split second I called it "Shadow of Tsushima" in my head, lol. Fixed it.
        [deleted]
            Sure, but my point is that GoT isn't that much better gameplay-wise.
        I agree with you there. I was comparing it to current era Ubisoft.
        Hard disagree
I am currently playing it because it's part of ps+. It's a great game, but honestly it's basically an assassin's creed game with better writing and better combat. If you played recent AC games and enjoyed them, you'll feel right at home.
    Spot on assessment. It's what you hope AC would be but never is.
    I've never gotten into AC, but I loved Tsushima! If you're also not into AC, definitely don't pass up Tsushima - and if you are into AC, well even better!
    AC with better writing and better combat is solid praise.
Beautiful game, fun gameplay, decent story.

The guiding wind mechanic was also good enough that it deserves a special mention as you can navigate the world without staring at a minimap or waypoints. It really helps you to be able to appreciate the world when you can look at it instead of the hud.
I recommend it, heavily.

The big thing for me is it was inspired by old Kurosawa movies. An old samurai western. Add it amazing graphics, good combat, and a decent open world-ness to it and you have a recipe for a fantastic game.
I love the game personally even though I recognize its shortcomings in its story and gameplay. But one little thing I love about about is how effectively it uses the controller. Not one bit of it is wasted space and switching fighting styles and using special weapons is incredibly intuitive
    So much this. I was blown away by how it feels holding the ps5 controller when you play the flute.
It's an awesome game, but the gameplay loop can get a little repetitive. That said, the showdowns always felt awesome and switching between stances based on enemy type kept things fresh. 

One thing I really appreciated was that the UI completely disappears during travel, allowing you to really soak in the environment. Just a quick swipe up on the center TouchPad conjures flower petals on the wind in the direction of your chosen objective, instead of the cluttered pointers, compass, path markings, etc.

Is say it's a solid 8.5/10, and a pretty good choice for a first game.
It's a fine game with a lovely aesthetic, that way too many people think is much Higher Art than it really was.  It's another open-world game where you clear points of interest off the map for 60 hours, only sometimes there's also falling cherry blossoms.  

I would say it iterates on a successful model well, but nothing outside of the art direction is exceptional or unique.
No one else has mentioned, but this is a top-tier co-op game. It has a standalone multiplayer expansion that has a 2-player story mode and a 4-player wave-defense mode. My girlfriend and I just played through the basic story mode last weekend and it was amazing.  It's only 9 levels long, but has 2 more unlockable difficulties after you beat it, and you continue to get loot to kit out your chosen class. 

it feels really badass to coordinate stealth kills. You each have your own independent stealth level, so it's really fun to have one player get revealed, and lead an enemy back to your still-stealthed co-op friend waiting in the tall grass with a long knife.  

Tons of fun, 11/10 co-op playthrough in my opinion.
    Man, Legends was such an amazing surprise. The raid is a blast
    Can you couch co-op the 2 player story mode?
        Not split screen. We have a PS4 and PS5 and two 50" tvs side by side.
I loved it, it was a very beautiful game, and a lot of fun. But it's basically a third person Far Cry clone set in Japan. Not that there's anything "wrong" with that, but it's worth knowing before buying.
    As someone that loved the game, this is an accurate criticism..... It has some really beautiful parts (the leaf particles reminded me of the first time I played Okami) but the gameplay can seem a bit repetitive after a while..... Though it does have enough mechanics that if you get bored of capturing outposts, you can do something else like hunting down swordsmen (assuming you haven't found them all) or completing side quests for a bit
    The disrespect comparing GoT to far cry
        I loved them both, so the disrespect is all in your mind.
The open world feels like a giant hub.  It's a pretty dead world.  The combat and graphics are rad though
I loved it, the world is stunning with a wonderful use of color. The combat is really fun (as someone who usually doesn’t love action game combat), the story is well done and keeps you interested.

It’s not like a life changing game but I think it’s certainly a really well done game, far better than the Ubisoft games it sometimes gets compared to.
It's really cool for the first half then pretty boring the second. Once you've beaten all the duels and have your upgrades you won't care much about finding what cosmetic thing an animal is leading you to and you'll mostly just be clearing out bases, rinse and repeat. It is gorgeous and the combat is good, it just plateaus HARD.
It’s a pretty Assassins Creed.
    This game is so much better than AC games imo. Have you tried playing Valhalla after this? The combat is very noticeably boring and bland.
One of the best games I’ve played that released in recent years, looks beautiful on PS5 too!
Like many others have said, the game is great! But unfortunately follows the ubisofy pattern. That said, it us beautiful, combat is great, and the story was fantastic. I think towards the middle/end I lost motivation to explore but still was very motivated to finish the main story. I feel like that may be an accurate/typical playthrough.
    What exactly is the Ubisoft pattern if you don’t mind my asking
        Totally. So if you have ever played assassins creed or far cry, they follow a similar pattern. In each game there are watchtower, radio tower, or shrines that you climb to the top of to reveal a portion of the map and some of the things to do in that area. Essentially, you uncover map, do what the map reveals, then continue forward. That isn't to say the games aren't fun. Some of the side quests in GoT are amazing and more memorable than the other two games listed. For instance, one of my favorite was hunting down some of the other straw hat samurai and having a 1v1 duel. Some of the other side stuff can be very tedious though. Following fox holes, reflecting at monument, and chopping bamboo, while all useful can feel like a chore.
        One thing that isn't really mentioned that i'm seeing is that there is almost no heads up display. Often times a little gold bird will fly the direction you need to go or the sound will blow pollen or leaves in that direction. Its not perfect but it is an extremely beautiful that blends stealth and sword play together nicely. The upgrades are leveling system are great and really make a big difference. If you aren't looking at getting spiderman or god of war i can't recommend this enough.
I loved it, I keep meaning to start another playthrough for the DLC. It seems to be what the newer Assassin's Creed games were trying to do, it's just executed with more integrity.

The historical aspect of it is pretty fluffy but they're honest about it. Reading item descriptions imparts historical tidbids, but the story itself is pretty inaccurate and flat. Not to such a degree that you won't like the game, it just won't stand out in your memory as more than 'A guy named Jin had some ethical and class struggles on his way to becoming a folk hero'.

The combat is a lot tighter and more fun than the AC RPGs, the Ubisoft esque open world activities like clearing outposts and collecting materials are perhaps overly familiar, but it's visually stunning and I don't regret buying it at all. The haiku activities are one of the most useless things I've seen make a final cut, kind of hilariously bad. I feel like the point was mostly to get you to take time to enjoy the scenery, but I definitely do that anyway without being nudged.

Overall I'd say it's an 8.6 or so, worth about $30USD imo.
You have played this game before. Its AC, its Frycry, its Shadows of Mordor, it's every game where you have an open world, and you uncover new parts of the map by way of look out towers, and you raid compound after compound, occasionally doing some main and side quest stuff. The best aspect of this game, is the non liner progression, kinda like GTA, you can go pick what storyline you want to progress in, and you can switch at any time, so the freedom of quest choice is liberating. The combat is really fun, if you can perfect parry in Dark Souls, Sekiro, or GoW, then this game will be a walk in the park for you (tbh it may be too easy). I loved it, until I didnt. It got a little repetitive to the point that I stopped caring. This could be entirely on me though, I went side quest crazy. And prior to this I have no life binged Demon's Souls and GoW:R on GMGOW mode. It had been a rough slog recently for me. Anyway you can get it on PS Pass of whatever its called, so if you have that, then id say its worth trying.  Goodluck, enjoy!
    Agreed, combat is super fun especially the boss fights and hidden bosses (1v1 combat). I put it down after like 20 hours because the gameplay loop was really repetitive. Find a tower to clear fog of war, kill camps, do boring side quests. 

I’m having less time to game these days and last thing I want to do is build up my character by doing monotonous stuff
I’m working my way through it at the moment.

As with most games there’s parts to like and dislike about it.

I wouldn’t call it a masterpiece though like some describe it.

Oddly what stands out to me the most in it are the collectibles.  Each strand actually has substance to it.

What I don’t get though, and I’ve seen this a few times actually in games as of late, is that it’s really detailed in some areas but would lack a basic feature for the same thing.

Like the world is really scenic graphically, but there isn’t really anything to discourage fast travel like random encounters.

You do run into enemies, but you don’t really get anything as a result of dealing with them, making them more annoying/an inconvenience than anything else.  It sounds like I’m nitpicking but there’s no collision detection on the bodies either, which the likes of Red Dead Redemption 1 has and that was released in 2010.

Or stuff like picking plants/flowers - they just vanish upon picking them.  Affects the immersion.

And the main character (at least for the English version) has no expression in his voice at all.
    > I wouldn’t call it a masterpiece though like some describe it.

you have been banned from /r/ghostoftsushima
    >Like the world is really scenic graphically, but there isn’t really anything to discourage fast travel like random encounters.


You are excluding all the shrines and water pools and bamboo challenges. Finding these and getting some incremental improvement is worth it. 



However, I absolutely adore that I can fast travel to every point of the map that I have finished already. It is extremely convenient that if I have 30 min to play I won’t spend 15 of them travelling cause my next tale is on the other side of the map. 




>You do run into enemies, but you don’t really get anything as a result of dealing with them, making them more annoying/an inconvenience than anything else.  


At least in the Director’s cut my legend is improving a tiny bit. And the enemies drop supplies which I definitely need to hoard. 


Moreover, the standoffs are just extremely fun. 



>It sounds like I’m nitpicking but there’s no collision detection on the bodies either, which the likes of Red Dead Redemption 1 has and that was released in 2010.


I haven’t noticed. 





>Or stuff like picking plants/flowers - they just vanish upon picking them.  Affects the immersion.



I am picking them while running or galloping, so no Emerson break for me. 




>And the main character (at least for the English version) has no expression in his voice at all.


If you expect a Westerner voice acting - sure. 




However, he is a Japanese and sounds like a Japanese. Including the way of hiding/controlling his emotions. 



His voice is absolutely not level and I love hearing the small ups and downs in it. He sounds foreign and unique to me and I love it. 




All in all - it is just a matter of taste. Players are different. For example, I literally either love or don’t even notice the things that you mention as bad.
It’s amazing. The best Ubisoft styled open world that’s been released in recent years. Every thing you do still feels tied to the main story so it never feels out of place. It’s an all around amazing game 9/10 for me
if you have open world fatigue from ubisoft games etc, its gonna be rough. if not it will probably be incredible
My top 2 of 3 games. One of the first I played on PS5 and it blew me away! Fucking blew me away
I really enjoyed it. I haven’t played/completed an Assassin’s Creed game since III? Something about this game really caught my attention. Maybe it’s the inner-weeb in me, but I absolutely loved it. One of my favorite games of all time.
I "have" the PS4 version included with my ps+ subscription. Idk if the PS5 version is also or if you're a subscriber but maybe something to look at if you don't want to pay for the game

The service (at the right tier) comes with a bunch of games
Great game, and easy one to get a platinum too, so, go for it and play it.
First game I ever Platinum'd.
Beautiful but got bored about 5 hours in
i think all the comments comparing it to an ubisoft open world game or calling it an AC or far cry clone are discounting the plot and the characters, which are way better than anything in an AC or far cry game. yeah, the gameplay can get repetitive, but the visuals are really quite stunning

i also don't think the ubisoft open world set up necessarily makes a game bad. but i also like far cry and i loved this game, so if you like that type of formula, buy it.
    The plot and characters are better than, let's say, most AC or Far Cry games. They're not *way* better, but they shape up pretty good in comparison.

I went into the game on the back of playing a hell of a lot of open world games over the last few decades, all the Ubisoft ones among them. A lot of the things it tries to emulate in other open world games, it doesn't compare favourably in. I found myself wanting to have the game over with just to see the story through (which is great!) because I was so done with the open world map bloat and copy paste Mongol fights.

Where the game really shines for me is in the art direction and setting. The game has a "mood" which feels authentically Japanese, and the colours and vistas at times are truly breathtaking. As a whole package though, for me it wasn't the genre-defining classic some have made it out to be. Great and worth playing, but veterans of the open world formula should keep expectations in check.
The story is pretty good, I didn't think it was overly cliched or generic, but obviously it's VERY heavily inspired from samurai movies (though I'm not well versed in them).

The gameplay was fun, a lot more fun than I expected. The game doesn't really take itself that seriously, it wants you to have fun and wants you to play on your terms. There is no tedious traveling around where your horse gets stuck on everything, the game just clips you through small trees and stuff, but it still looks fine.

The combat specifically was pretty good, as mentioned, the game just lets you play however you want. If you wanna go in guns blazing, go ahead, they even have the standoff mode which is cool. If you wanna be sneaky and pick off people one by one, go for it. Or you could do a mix of both.

Extra stuff was cool, the collectables were fun to get, most of them are just like unique pieces of really sweet looking samurai armor and swords. The little fox ones were kind of tedious to do though, but they aren't THAT bad. The game gives you achievements for getting like 75% of the collectibles in each category, so you don't have to get every single one to platinum the game. The only think you get if you do 100% everything is basically just a pat on the back lol

I bought the game at launch and I think it was worth it, I played it start to finish without touching anything else, which is something I don't do very often. 10/10 game I think, a modern masterpiece that doesn't necessarily reinvent the wheel in any way, but offers a polished gameplay experience with fun combat, cool collectibles, and a pretty decent and engaging story. Also it just fucking looks gorgeous on the PS5
It came out of everything that's wrong with modern AAA gaming, and shouldn't be more than the sum of its parts. Yet it is so much more,
Don't skip the multiplayer. Seriously. Ghost of Tsushima Legends is fantastic. It gives up the real world with a touch of magic and goes all in on ghosts and spookiness, and it's a blast. There's a solid progression system, delightful 4 players survival missions, and excellent 2 player coop campaigns. And if you can get a full group of 4 leveled enough, it's also got 3 fantastic raids. Super tough and just wonderful. 

On the single player, I enjoyed it more once I stopped playing it like a typical open world game and just went directly to the next objective. The problem is most of the things you can find in the world just aren't that interesting or impactful after you get a few bonuses, though it did have some great side quests.
I'll get downvoted for this because it's a samurai open world game so people have an auto hard for it, but I think the game is extremely mediocre. It's an Ubisoft open world game with a feudal Japan skin that's literally it.

Almost everything about it, beside the visuals, is mediocre as hell. If you're interested in hearing more specific details let me know, I'm always more than happy to discuss this.
    I don't think following an Ubisoft open world formula automatically makes something bad though? There's a reason the formula has stuck around so long and those games are wildly popular. Just cause it isn't for you doesn't make it mediocre
        The Ubisoft formula definitely works, but some of the recent open world games have shown that the genre can be so much more. Games such as TW3, RDR2, Elden Ring etc. all borrow certain aspects of the formula but they also offer a lot more do see and do. GoT on the other hand is a more polished AC game, but that's about it really. It's a decent game for sure, but not a masterpiece that will leave a big impact on the gaming industry. Or the players for that matter.
            what does the witcher 3 do better in terms of open world design then AC? it has better writing but you are still finding bandit camaps.
                Exactly, all open world games have filler content
                    AC Origins  drew heavily from The Witcher 3.
            Ubiosoft actually Borrowed from Rockstar but they did  the whole have map makers all over the map thing. GTA 3 is the Template for many open World games.
        Exactly! Thank you, a lot of people considered it to be bad but done in the right way it could be absolutely amazing like got or hfw
        That's not the only reason, hence why I said I can mention the specifics if anyone cares. I can write an essay about why Ghost is mediocre.
            I think I could write an essay as to why it's amazing lol. Different strokes I guess
                Good for you I guess?
                    They have just as much reason to say why they thought it was good than you do to say its bad. Why are you being weird about it? If i typed “good for you i guess?” On your original comment you’d think i was a real smarmy dick wouldn’t you?
            Good for you i guess?
            Good for you I guess?
        Ubisoft open world games are just 😴 by design, full of filler to make a game campaign 60 hrs where you're just repeating shit. Honestly assassin's creed games were only good as pirate Sims, the actual combat and nuts and bolts is always shallow and disappointing... They just pad a beautiful map out with collectibles to keep the masses entertained.. they're like one step up from CoD or fast and the furious movies... I mean sure if you can find enjoyment in that but ya know, only live once, I wouldn't spend it playing ubisoft filler content repeated in every game with a slight different twist😴
    Yep. I bought this game on pre order only because of the photo mode, and I don't regret at all my purchase, cause I love to take photos in it. But considering every other factor in the game? Absolutely mediocre in my opinion as well. The game is beautiful, but that's it. All the rest is exactly like any other Ubisoft game. If OP likes Ubisoft formula, than it's a great addition to the library. If not, than maybe some other stuff would be better...
        I feel like a lot of PS games recently start with the photo mode and build a game from there.
            Yeah, I feel you. It's been a while since I've seen an interesting Playstation exclusive because of this. They somehow manage to be incredibly similar games in the end. No matter how different their first premise started.
                This is a pretty tragic take considering some of the latest PlayStation exclusives include GOW Ragnarok and The Last Of Us 2
                    Agree on The Last of Us part 2, but Ragnarok was, to me, the worst Sony exclusive ever made. Huge disappointment in every regard for me. Hated that game and the choices they made in the story and gameplay... But oh well... I already talked too much about this game when it launched. If you want to know more about my opinion in it, feel free to explore my history.

Also, I still keep my point, honestly. Every Sony Game started trying to be like Naughty Dog after a while, and only God of War 2018 managed to have the same quality in my opinion. Every other game never reached the same standards to me.
                        I disagree but I can’t be bothered to argue it like you
                            I definitely understand. And it's perfectly fine if you liked it. If everyone had the same taste variety wouldn't exist, after all.

I'm also tired to discuss about this game, so I probably would lack energy to talk about it one more time with you, honestly... As much as I love some healthy and intelligent discussion about games.

Also, don't take my comment as "Every other exclusive not made by Naughty Dog is horrible". That's definitely not what I've meant.
                        i didnt like raganarok as much as 2018. def a step down.
                        Interesting. I very much enjoyed GoW 2018, I had this anticipation for Ragnarok. I’ve played through the first initial levels, but feels very repetitive and hasn’t drawn me in. So much so, I have moved on to other games. My friends assure me to endure as Ragnarok gets very good about a third of the way through, but really not feeling this compared to GoW 2018. 
I’m close to finishing RE4 remake which was excellent and weighing up Ghosts of Tsushima or slogging through Ragnarok for the next game.
                            I don't want to influence on your experience, but a friend of mine was in the exact same position as yours, and just as I encouraged him to finish it, I think you should too. I personally think the game grows worse and worse, and I honestly wished I used better my time. My friend disliked it just as I did, and I honestly doesn't know someone who liked it, at max thinking it was passable. Again, I encourage you to go through as well, only to form your own opinion. I personally think its the worst playstation exclusive I've ever played.
                                nice, Im a casual  and relatively new gamer and eager to entertain myself with games enjoyed by many. I'll disregard Ragnarok and contemplate Ghosts of Tsumisha although, the Dead Space remake has peaked my interest. Mainly, after the stellar RE4 remake experience and popular reviews.
                                    Dead Space Will absolutely be something you'll like if you expect some good quality horror just as Residen Evil 4. Since you're apparently on a horror mood, maybe take a look over Alien Isolation and Prey as well, specially the latter.
    Nah you shouldn't get down voted, what you said is 100% accurate. I don't personally think it's mediocre, I think it's a great game, but if someone played a lot of AC games recently they would feel burnt out playing this since its basically the same thing.
        you can say that about every game series though. Every entry to that series usually feels the same of any series.
    You shouldn't be downvoted because it's the truth. I would personally give it a 7/10, so a bit better than average IMO, but definitely not great or something I'd wish to play ever again.
    Besides the visuals the multiplayer is actually pretty good too for a pve
    Hey i was looking through old comments and I saw this, and I would love to discuss this. I love discussions about gaming, and while I don't fully agree or disagree with you, I would love to hear what you have to say about the gamw
It's the first and only game that I've ever been compelled to platinum.
It’s a great game. Looks beautiful. Satisfying swordplay. Would defo recommend. Also definitely play in Japanese the English voice acting kinda sucks.
I played through the opening then played Sekiro instead. Better story. Better combat. Not as nice looking.
    W

sekiro is much much much better and more fun
The game had a great main storyline but dogshit side content. Its soulless, boring checklist work
Get PS Plus Extra and play GoT along with plenty of other games
Don‘t buy it, not worth it.
good graphics and Combat is fun, but besides that the game gets repetitive really quick and boring.

don‘t buy it.
Just as a preface, I am someone who avoided this game for a while and only started playing it recently when I got PS Plus Extra because I was sick of third-person open world stealth games because of assassin’s creed, and because the last time I played a highly recommended game was Horizon Zero Dawn, which I hated. With all that being said, I absolutely adore this game. First off it is gorgeous. I know it looks good in the videos and trailers, but you don’t realize just how gorgeous it is till you start playing it. At one point very early on I came to an are that made me suddenly stop what I was doing and loudly say, “holy fuck this game is beautiful.” As for the combat, I love every bit of it. Stealth especially feels phenomenal, with just enough challenge to make you feel like a badass when you take out an entire base unseen. As for the normal combat, I do wish there was a bit more depth to it. I’m about halfway through the game and so far it just boils down to, “match stance to enemy type, heavy attack till their guard breaks, then mash square, with simple parrying done occasionally.” It’s still fun, I just wish there was more to it. As for the story and main character, I really like both, although I do wish you actions had consequences and affected the story. As for the world I love it. It feels massive but not empty like so many other open worlds. There’s a lot of little things everywhere for you to find, and you will want to find them because any chance to see more of the gorgeous world is one you’re going to take. All in all I highly recommend this game, although I actually recommend you subscribe to PlayStation Extra. It’s about 40$ more if I remember correctly, but you get access to this and a bunch of other games, including Devil May Cry 5 Special Edition, one of my all time favorites
One of the best games in recent years. I don’t usually platinum games, but this one I did. 100% worth playing.
I have a love hate relationship with this game. 

Honestly it’s just a really well built game. A lot of passion was put into it and hard work into making it run buttery smooth at all times. It looks amazing, really cool art style. I rarely care much about story, but as far as stories and writing goes, I thought this game was A+.

Combat is different and quite fun, for a while. 

My issues with this game, and this is my own personal opinion, is that to me it just seems so…shallow?

Like beyond the pretty exterior, it’s really just a well made and generic open world game you’ve played 100 times in the last 10 years. What you get in the first few hours is basically what you get for the rest of game. The world, although beautiful, felt very very empty to me. I guess I understand that was kind of the point historically, but the open world to me did not feel alive at all. I was not immersed one bit. 

I really wanted to love this game and thought I would, but ultimately I just found it incredibly boring. Like I really struggled to finish it because it got so painfully boring. Nice graphics only keep me entertained for so long. 

I seem to be in the minority though, this game won GOTY everywhere, got 10/10 scores everywhere, universally praised. And I just don’t see it. To me it’s at best a 7/10. Absolute best. Great looking, absolute boringly generic game.
    This is the answer. Beautiful scenic game. Great combat. But story is bland, repetitive side quests, collectibles (I’m looking at you foxes) get boring real quick to the point where you are just rushing to the end. 

Is it a bad game? No
Just another open world game
    agreed. i never finished the game. the combat was fun , but everything else was just disappointing, repetive and just boring, it literally puts me to sleep.

if the game would be a bit faster paced, remove some of those repetitive and boring stuff it would feel way better.

the combat is great, but everything else, just no
    I feel like GoT at least tried to slightly innovate its open world, in the sense that it used its wind mechanic to navigate the player as opposed to a mini map or waypoint. Made it feel a little bit more organic.

Don’t get me wrong though, at times it did feel a bit Ubisoft-y, but nowhere near as bad. It’s definitely no Elden Ring/Breath of the Wild when it comes to open world design, but it’s okay.

I feel like they could’ve improved some of the standard NPC interactions though, the game was supposed to be cinematic but at times when you’re speaking to an NPC the camera is static and not close enough, plus there wasn’t a lot of dynamic movement with the NPCs. Kind of felt a bit artificial and took me out of the experience slightly, hopefully they improve on that in the sequel.
I loved it and I never really play the Assassins Creed games, I usually hate stealth sections but for some reason in this game I liked it. I did put it down a few times and come back to it after a few months but I ended up getting the Platinum
I won't say it's 10/10 for the base game but it's has a very good story imo. Definitely one that has depth and internal conflict. You can't choose not to become the ghost but there are some choices that affect the game. I loved the sword combat. I felt powerful but I got humbled often when I got too cocky. Really the thing that makes this game an easy buy is the fact that game a whole new mode to the game, technically 3, the raid, the wave combat and the duo new oni story line. Like really it adds a whole new game for free a whole looter shooter? Slasher? Whatever either way they gave it to us for free. I recommend this game it has a lot of that Ubisoft feeling but with some actual quality that respects your time unlike Assassin's creed which has shit like time savers for real money. This game goes on sale often I'd say buy it. However don't feel like you have to do all the side missions. I stopped initially about 20% in because I got worn out doing all these side quests. Do the ones that feel fun till they don't and do the major ones to get new equipment/abilities. The mid point and the ending are amazing focal points where the build up is very apparent.
It’s the best Ubisoft game by far.
    Lol.
Highly recommend. I consider it a beautiful game and the atmosphere is second to none. It allows for different play styles be it more stealthy or like a Japanese Legolas or just an amazing swordsman. The duels and bosses are very well done. 

Also it is part of PlayStation plus extra so if you get a one month subscription you can just enjoy it without spending 50€… plus you get access to a pretty decent library of other PS5 games
I loved the combat and the story and stuff but there is a lot of repetitive side content (looking at you fox dens) and getting from point A to point B gets very boring very fast.

Beautiful, but boring.
When you're in an actual mission it's great tho
    "Beautiful, yet boring" is like the perfect description imo. Maybe I'm just too burnt out on open world games but the game did not hook me at all. It wasn't for me but I know a lot of people love it. OP, it's on PS Plus Extra (plus a ton of other great games) if you want it but aren't completely sure about it
So I just bought PlayStation plus and GOT was on their for free so I heard it was good and played it. There are only 2 things I have to say. 1 I can’t believe this game lost game of the year. Every single mission every single cutscene every single detail had me on a chokehold. 2 I wish I never played it for the reason that I will never enjoy playing another single player game again.  Keep in mind this is 3 years after it came out. Idk man I’m just sad I’ll never play a game like that ever again.
Decent game. A bit better and more polished than the newer AC games, but ultimately nothing special. Great art direction (although the textures can be pretty bad), good score and combat, but an overall empty world. I found most of the characters super boring, especially the protagonist. The quests are all pretty generic as well. Not bad, but nothing special either. Overall I'd give it a 7/10, it's a fine game but there are way better open world games out there. If you like HZD, you'll probably enjoy this one too. They are of similar quality overall.
    In your opinion, what game would be a better choice then?
        A better choice for who? What are the criterias? OP didn't ask for any alternatives, he just wanted our thoughts on this one game.
It's beautiful. Let's forget the combat, the story or why everyone says it's Ubisoft-esque. And focus on another aspect I haven't seen people mentioning, is how beautiful this game is. The world doesn't need to be filled with events or people, simply seeing the wind and the fields of flowers, the mountains, forests, the sea, seeing the rain and doing haikus, the sunsets, the sunrises the sky during night.

The art direction of this game blends so amazing with the world, also the fact that you have a wind guiding you thro your next objecting or marker makes such a huge difference! Anyway, for some the world might appear dead as its not as detailed as RDR2 or has that city vibe but its extremely beautiful art and setting makes up for it and you'll find yourself simply going to going to random objectives on map or just travelling only to see the beauty of this game and enjoy it.
    How beautiful the game looks is the one thing everyone has been mentioning since even before it released lmao
        Seriously
It's a friggin good game
It’s a great game. 

All Battles are epic especially the Duels.
Ogrerated
It's bland, it's awkward, and it uses all the generic open world tropes and fillers to flesh it out. It would have been much better as a linear story focused adventure game.
    I mean, you can play it as a linear story focused game. The open world stuff is mainly just extras for those who wanna do it, but it's not required. I have a few friends that just did the story and really enjoyed it. I personally liked the extra stuff though so I 100% it
        Which I did, but the "missions" and interactions have the same open world theme.
Loved it. Beautiful and the style is through the roof.
Fantastic game. My literal only issue with the game is that I have to pay for PS+ if I want to play the co-op multiplayer missions, but I'll hold out for a PC port before I get a sub for one game.
Out of 20 years of gaming it's the only game I've 100 percent completed. It's great.
Game is amazing. It's also on PS+ if you're subscribed
One of the few open world games I’ve completed. 

There’s a enough meaningful side things to do without ever feeling like you’re missing out if don’t do all of them. The character side quests/ stories are so good too, Witcher 3 good. 

The main story is also captivating. One of the few video game endings that made me cry.
Buy it and play it in Japanese with english subtitles. Its one of the most beautiful games I’ve ever played and the combat is amazing. Platinum’d on ps4 and bought the directors cut once i got my ps5 and its even better.
It's downright fantastic. Just buy it and don't look back.
How does the combat compare to elden ring? What are the differences ?
If you wanna buy a game with swords and feudal japan, I would recommend Sekiro over Ghost of Tsushima. Ghost might have better visuals, but sekiro is a better game by a distance in every other area. 

But that’s just my opinion.
I thoroughly enjoyed the base game and wound up getting a platinum in it, which I don't normally do. (I think I have 2 platinums total on my account I have had for the PS3/4 and now 5...)

The game gets a little fiddly by the end, once you have most stuff unlocked but... The gameplay is just so fun. Going in loud or sneaky. Just so fun.


Personally, though, I hated the dlc and pretty quickly dropped it 🤷‍♂️
I tried it out. Felt “eh” about it but I’m not really into the whole Japan theme
Game is really fun on the lethal difficulty, though it gets too easy later.
I thought it was great. I loved it. There’s also NG+ too
Great game. At its core it's basically Assassin's Creed: Samurai, but even better because it keeps the good parts of (recent) AC games and leaves the bad ones. Beautiful visuals and sound, good combat, good story, not much bloat. And you can pet the foxes!
I want to say some negatives, the game is very repetitive in my opinion. Going from that mongol village to mongol village and doing same mission feels a little boring after a while.

But in general great game.
It’s an amazing looking game on a ps4. Can’t imagine it on a 5. Definite buy!
Great game, but another one I didn’t finish because of the open world gameplay.
Buy it
In terms of PS5, you're _supposed_ to start with _Returnal_. PS4 can't handle it...

I'm not so sure _Ghost_ or _Horizon_ isn't a better place to start. H:ZD is last gen, and you'd be doing H:FW a disservice if you played it first, which leaves _Ghost_. Honestly, this game is absolutely amazing. Sounds like a good decision on your part.
Yeah it’s a great game.
It’s plays like assassins creed
Take that as you will
It’s Japanese Batman with a scenic flair. If that’s cool to you, then you’ll probably like it. That’s about all it really has to offer however.
I think the game is great. My only problem is that the game seems like it gives you a choice of picking two different gameplay styles that will affect the story. It doesn't though and that really pissed me off. I just said "fuck it. Have it your way then" and played ot how the game wanted me to. Before there was a big disconnect between how I actually completed a mission and how characters reacted to it. They would scold me despite completing it just like they wanted.
It's a good game! being able to change your battle stance is one of the standouts for me.
I liked it a lot. I'm one of those compulsive I have to look under every stone to find everything kind of player. That being said playing that way made the game feel a bit long. I would have to go look but I'm guessing easily 60+ hours if your getting every collectable thing in the main game and DLC (which is included if you get the PS5 directors edition). 

I played sekiro before this so by comparison the difficulty is a breeze compared to a From software game. Though it is fun chopping through people with your sword. The multiplayer context is pretty cool. I did the separate 2 player co-op with a friend and we both agreed that the content was fun and solid. the 4 player wave defense is also pretty cool, it can get pretty challenging and it gives you something if you like grinding those for better gear. 

Ultimately I am pretty satisfied with all my time spent with GoT.
It’s a very pretty game with a fun core gameplay loop, but if you try to 100% it, you’ll get bored. 

It’s got a lot of beautifully rendered area to cover, but eventually you’ll start to realize that it follows the old copy paste open word missions. Go here, kill a dozen guys, come back to talk to this guy and kill a dozen more. Follow a goddamned fox to another goddamned shrine. Collect another 300 yew branches. 

It’s fun while it lasts, but you’ll want to step away from it after a spell to recharge, or you’ll start to get sick of it. 

I still recommend it, it’s an 8/10 IMO. The story is very good! It’s just that all of the side content is too darned repetitive.
I put it off for ages because I expected an Ubi style collectathon, and while it has a lot in common with those it doesn't mar the game because story, presentation, graphics, atmosphere and gameplay are all top notch. My main complaint is that even on hard mode it's too easy if you're a dedicated explorer, but you can intentionally limit your power to make for a more balanced experience. 

The side quests in the game that would normally be throwaway and dull are brought to life by good voice acting, interesting story beats and because they're the best way to poke around every corner of the map - and you'll want to poke around every corner because there's a beautiful new vista every 60 seconds in this game. 

I personally platinumed it and it only took 2-3 hours to do so after I finished the main story. Definitely the best open world game I've played in a while, kicks the shit out of something like AC:Valhalla (which I played about 30 hours of) in my opinion.
A fantastic game I can’t recommend it enough.
How i wish that theres a large scale battle with more than 50 - 100 soldiers each sides (mongol and japan) but anws, worth the play tho
It's a highly popular game that has won tons of awards. What do you think is the answer gonna be???
No brainer. It does have some standard open world elements, but makes up for it in it’s gameplay, story, and even the way it presents that open world to you. One of my favorite games from the PS4. Recently just bought the physical for ps5 to have it for my collection.
It is well worth your time and money. There is no microtransaction stuff blocking the way, there is no grind. You go out there and explore the world with a clear goal in mind in your quest for vengeance. 

Aside from wanting a bit more diversity in choice, the story is somewhat linear - but in that way the pacing, intent and cohesiveness becomes that more tight. 

Visuals: 10/10  
Gameplay: 10/10  
Story: 9/10  
Overall: 9.7/10
Until now, it’s been my favourite game to platinum
An amazing game and absolutely beautiful
Invest in ps+ extra to get GOT as well as tons of other great single player games
Its incredible, I just got a PS5 myself and finally got around to playing Ghost of Tsushima, it’s all I could’ve hoped for. Even if it isn’t, it *feels* authentic and you can really immerse yourself in the world
I wish it was on PC.
I sold ps4 vanilla version and got PS5 DC version and it looks and plays million times better.
I very often, take the flute out and roam the island marvelling breathtaking vistas.
Great game, the multiplayer really shines for me. It’s been a year though so not sure if the community is thriving or not
Amazing game, the period atmosphere is excellent, with a beautiful open world and high attention to detail, I also thoroughly enjoyable combat and the graphics are amazing on PS5.
It is one of my top 10 favorite games of all time. Gameplay is amazing, story is phenomenal, and it looks absolutely beautiful on PS5. Definitely worth the price tag if you don’t have PS+ Premium
My favorite game in last 10 years, its a must try if you ask me
One of the best games I've played on PS4. It was already stunning on PS4, on PS5 I think you're in for a treat. The beautiful story, the gameplay, the graphics are all top notch.
Yes I do agree it is an amazing game and the visuals are amazing, but i would also recommend god of war Ragnarok, such a great game
Visually beautiful game and enjoyable gameplay but the progression felt repetitive.
Definitely buy it.

Take the recent AC games but throw away the stupid levels and add actually quality and you have Tsushima. 
The gameplay is fun, story is good, personally completing the game 100% did not feel like a chore.
Besides like 2 short forced stealth sections the game is entirely open to play out however you like.
The ps5 version even has proper lip sync for the Japanese dub if you play it on that
I'd you just got a ps5 I'd honestly recommend looking at getting a ps plus extra membership, it gives you instant access (for as long as you have ps plus) to a ton of games including some major PlayStation titles like ghost of Tsushima, god of war, Bloodborne I think demons souls is even on there, same with both the spider man games.
It would be a pretty good way to get a decent sized library to try out and play multiple games
Just a heads up, it's a very easy game. Didn't feel challenged at all
    Really? I guess i just suck then
It was excellent: very clean and well-made with just enough stuff to do that didn’t feel like a chore. You think you’re a badass out of chapter 1 and then realize whoops, nope, better skill up because everyone else is smarter too.

I had one plot point I hated because it didn’t line up with my playstyle, but I understood.
In my top 5 of all time.  The themes really resonated with me the music is great and the gameplay is dope
One of the best games I've played on the ps5
Buy it. Must play item and the ps5 version is beautiful. Some incredible story telling and satisfying combat. Stealth is good but kinda easy.

It's basically what assassins creed was trying to do for the last few games but kept missing the mark.

It's also long as shit so you get your money's worth, plus the expansion is really well done
It’s an open world RPG with lots of question marks to check off. The story is a basic “I was wronged by the this person, so I must gain strength and allies to fight back”. I didn’t see anything special or different about it.
Amazing game I played it on ps4 and 100% the game such a fun game to play through
It is fantastic, one of my favourite games. Great story (though the overarching story is rather simple), beautiful visuals, very fun gameplay, Jin is so incredibly well acted, and a lovely polished open world where there isn't too much going on.
From what you described it seems like you will enjoy this game very much.
My top 5 games hadn’t changed since 2002ish. Until Ghosts of Tsushima.  

Ghosts of Tsushima is amazing.  Gameplay is wonderful, options for how to approach fights is great. The story is excellent.
I enjoyed it. Combat is fun. Some duels are challenging. There are plenty of secrets to find without it becoming tedious (to me). It's almost like an AC game but scaled to a smaller and more manageable size.
It's a Really good game.but if you find yourself not enjoying a side quest so much then just don't do it because the rewards are pretty disappointing(most of them have cool stories). the gameplay is enjoyable i recommend it
Highly recommend.

Story and gameplay are excellent.

Unlock equipment/cosmetics by completing missions/activities and finding things.

A large variety of vibrant environments

And it's even more beautiful on PS5, also load times are almost nonexistent.
One of the most immersive open worlds I have ever played. Great story, graphics and gameplay. Must play fs
So I’m replaying the game for the third time right now after a year-long break, and here are my observations.

Pros:

1. The scenery is breathtaking
2. The music is excellent 
3. The gameplay mechanics are overall very good, with combat being absolutely stellar
4. The story makes sense and is grounded for the most part
5. Side quests are fun and often lean into mysticism and folklore 
6. Side characters are generally well developed
7. The performances of the actors are great 
8. The villains are largely compelling 
9. The collectibles and aesthetic items you can find are fun and useful

Cons:

1. The main character is fairly one-dimensional and doesn’t have much of a personality beyond, “I’m said and honorable, but also conflicted on how best to serve my country”. 
2. The kinds of enemies that you fight become a bit stale fairly quickly
It’s the best assassins creed game out there
Get it
It's truly beautiful. You can take a random screenshot of the game and it looks picture perfect. And that's on PS4. The story is a work of art, the emotions you can feel through it is immense. The gameplay is fantastic too. You could have it super difficult or super easy to focus on story. It's easy to adjust to so it doesn't have a huge learning curve. The customisation is amazing too, you can choose from tons of different armours and sword kits and bows to fully uniquely create your own samurai. Plus the dlc neatly ties the whole game together. You don't need the dlc, but I highly recommend it. TL:DR, it's a wise purchase
You Khan do it!!  ✊ 

Almost 4 years from release and a further year from the original post, buying Ghost of Tsushima is still a resounding yes for anyone who owns a PS5. The mechanics are great, the storyline is one that pulls heartstrings and the overall experience is easily 

You can check my full review here: https://www.gamepro.com.au/reviews/game/ghost-of-tsushima-review/
I really love the viability of both combat styles. My friend did everything stealth. I walked into every base declaring challenges.
I mostly agree with what you are saying, but I'm pretty sure there is a superior version of GoT that is linear. I don't think the open world was particularly well used.
    This. The open world is just annoying after a couple of hours. There are mongols patrolling the roads and people asking for help and aside from about 5-6 stories that are open world, that’s it. I found myself avoiding all the combat opportunities between story missions and was kind of annoyed at how far apart everything was. Also, taking the forts and villages was fun, for a time but that just reached the point of tedium for me.
        Complete opposite for me. I enjoyed exploring the world and thought it looked stunning. I also never got tired of the combat and sought out fights constantly.
It seems to trim the fat off of a lot of elements you see in Ubisoft games. It's kinda like how I envision an assassin's creed more if it was more about the quality then the quantity. 


I also think the story is just easier to follow in general. 
> But, it's worth noting that Ghost of Tsushima has a level of care built into it that Ubisoft games don't.

You're either overselling GoT or underrating Ubi games, because aside from the Japanese theme/story, they're virtually identical. Something like Black Flag also doesn't have microtransactions, and the gameplay is extremely similar.
    Yeah, honestly that was my experiance. I used to be into those kinds of open world games years ago but kinda perminantly burned out on them and stopped buying any. Got Ghost of Tsushima with my PS5 because of the positivity i'd seen and while it's well made and graphically impressive it mostly just felt like a less unique retread of Shadow of Mordor.

I enjoyed GoT for maybe 20-30 hours but just burned out at that point because it's so repetative and dropped it.

It's absolutely not a bad game or anything, if I was a teenager who hadn't played many similar open world games I would have loved it but as someone in their 30's who played all the foundational games of the genre on launch and doesn't really care about flashy graphics anymore it's nothing special.
        it's not a bad game by any measure, but it doesn't really bring anything new to the table and by the end, you've done the same things over and over without much variation. By the time I got to the DLC, I enjoyed the new abilities but I was burned out and just gave up.
        SoT?… I can’t tell if you meant to abbreviate Ghost of Tsushima, Shadow of Mordor, or something else that you haven’t mentioned
            I think for a split second I called it "Shadow of Tsushima" in my head, lol. Fixed it.
    [deleted]
        Sure, but my point is that GoT isn't that much better gameplay-wise.
    I agree with you there. I was comparing it to current era Ubisoft.
    Hard disagree
Spot on assessment. It's what you hope AC would be but never is.
I've never gotten into AC, but I loved Tsushima! If you're also not into AC, definitely don't pass up Tsushima - and if you are into AC, well even better!
AC with better writing and better combat is solid praise.
So much this. I was blown away by how it feels holding the ps5 controller when you play the flute.
Man, Legends was such an amazing surprise. The raid is a blast
Can you couch co-op the 2 player story mode?
    Not split screen. We have a PS4 and PS5 and two 50" tvs side by side.
As someone that loved the game, this is an accurate criticism..... It has some really beautiful parts (the leaf particles reminded me of the first time I played Okami) but the gameplay can seem a bit repetitive after a while..... Though it does have enough mechanics that if you get bored of capturing outposts, you can do something else like hunting down swordsmen (assuming you haven't found them all) or completing side quests for a bit
The disrespect comparing GoT to far cry
    I loved them both, so the disrespect is all in your mind.
This game is so much better than AC games imo. Have you tried playing Valhalla after this? The combat is very noticeably boring and bland.
What exactly is the Ubisoft pattern if you don’t mind my asking
    Totally. So if you have ever played assassins creed or far cry, they follow a similar pattern. In each game there are watchtower, radio tower, or shrines that you climb to the top of to reveal a portion of the map and some of the things to do in that area. Essentially, you uncover map, do what the map reveals, then continue forward. That isn't to say the games aren't fun. Some of the side quests in GoT are amazing and more memorable than the other two games listed. For instance, one of my favorite was hunting down some of the other straw hat samurai and having a 1v1 duel. Some of the other side stuff can be very tedious though. Following fox holes, reflecting at monument, and chopping bamboo, while all useful can feel like a chore.
    One thing that isn't really mentioned that i'm seeing is that there is almost no heads up display. Often times a little gold bird will fly the direction you need to go or the sound will blow pollen or leaves in that direction. Its not perfect but it is an extremely beautiful that blends stealth and sword play together nicely. The upgrades are leveling system are great and really make a big difference. If you aren't looking at getting spiderman or god of war i can't recommend this enough.
Agreed, combat is super fun especially the boss fights and hidden bosses (1v1 combat). I put it down after like 20 hours because the gameplay loop was really repetitive. Find a tower to clear fog of war, kill camps, do boring side quests. 

I’m having less time to game these days and last thing I want to do is build up my character by doing monotonous stuff
> I wouldn’t call it a masterpiece though like some describe it.

you have been banned from /r/ghostoftsushima
>Like the world is really scenic graphically, but there isn’t really anything to discourage fast travel like random encounters.


You are excluding all the shrines and water pools and bamboo challenges. Finding these and getting some incremental improvement is worth it. 



However, I absolutely adore that I can fast travel to every point of the map that I have finished already. It is extremely convenient that if I have 30 min to play I won’t spend 15 of them travelling cause my next tale is on the other side of the map. 




>You do run into enemies, but you don’t really get anything as a result of dealing with them, making them more annoying/an inconvenience than anything else.  


At least in the Director’s cut my legend is improving a tiny bit. And the enemies drop supplies which I definitely need to hoard. 


Moreover, the standoffs are just extremely fun. 



>It sounds like I’m nitpicking but there’s no collision detection on the bodies either, which the likes of Red Dead Redemption 1 has and that was released in 2010.


I haven’t noticed. 





>Or stuff like picking plants/flowers - they just vanish upon picking them.  Affects the immersion.



I am picking them while running or galloping, so no Emerson break for me. 




>And the main character (at least for the English version) has no expression in his voice at all.


If you expect a Westerner voice acting - sure. 




However, he is a Japanese and sounds like a Japanese. Including the way of hiding/controlling his emotions. 



His voice is absolutely not level and I love hearing the small ups and downs in it. He sounds foreign and unique to me and I love it. 




All in all - it is just a matter of taste. Players are different. For example, I literally either love or don’t even notice the things that you mention as bad.
The plot and characters are better than, let's say, most AC or Far Cry games. They're not *way* better, but they shape up pretty good in comparison.

I went into the game on the back of playing a hell of a lot of open world games over the last few decades, all the Ubisoft ones among them. A lot of the things it tries to emulate in other open world games, it doesn't compare favourably in. I found myself wanting to have the game over with just to see the story through (which is great!) because I was so done with the open world map bloat and copy paste Mongol fights.

Where the game really shines for me is in the art direction and setting. The game has a "mood" which feels authentically Japanese, and the colours and vistas at times are truly breathtaking. As a whole package though, for me it wasn't the genre-defining classic some have made it out to be. Great and worth playing, but veterans of the open world formula should keep expectations in check.
I don't think following an Ubisoft open world formula automatically makes something bad though? There's a reason the formula has stuck around so long and those games are wildly popular. Just cause it isn't for you doesn't make it mediocre
    The Ubisoft formula definitely works, but some of the recent open world games have shown that the genre can be so much more. Games such as TW3, RDR2, Elden Ring etc. all borrow certain aspects of the formula but they also offer a lot more do see and do. GoT on the other hand is a more polished AC game, but that's about it really. It's a decent game for sure, but not a masterpiece that will leave a big impact on the gaming industry. Or the players for that matter.
        what does the witcher 3 do better in terms of open world design then AC? it has better writing but you are still finding bandit camaps.
            Exactly, all open world games have filler content
                AC Origins  drew heavily from The Witcher 3.
        Ubiosoft actually Borrowed from Rockstar but they did  the whole have map makers all over the map thing. GTA 3 is the Template for many open World games.
    Exactly! Thank you, a lot of people considered it to be bad but done in the right way it could be absolutely amazing like got or hfw
    That's not the only reason, hence why I said I can mention the specifics if anyone cares. I can write an essay about why Ghost is mediocre.
        I think I could write an essay as to why it's amazing lol. Different strokes I guess
            Good for you I guess?
                They have just as much reason to say why they thought it was good than you do to say its bad. Why are you being weird about it? If i typed “good for you i guess?” On your original comment you’d think i was a real smarmy dick wouldn’t you?
        Good for you i guess?
        Good for you I guess?
    Ubisoft open world games are just 😴 by design, full of filler to make a game campaign 60 hrs where you're just repeating shit. Honestly assassin's creed games were only good as pirate Sims, the actual combat and nuts and bolts is always shallow and disappointing... They just pad a beautiful map out with collectibles to keep the masses entertained.. they're like one step up from CoD or fast and the furious movies... I mean sure if you can find enjoyment in that but ya know, only live once, I wouldn't spend it playing ubisoft filler content repeated in every game with a slight different twist😴
Yep. I bought this game on pre order only because of the photo mode, and I don't regret at all my purchase, cause I love to take photos in it. But considering every other factor in the game? Absolutely mediocre in my opinion as well. The game is beautiful, but that's it. All the rest is exactly like any other Ubisoft game. If OP likes Ubisoft formula, than it's a great addition to the library. If not, than maybe some other stuff would be better...
    I feel like a lot of PS games recently start with the photo mode and build a game from there.
        Yeah, I feel you. It's been a while since I've seen an interesting Playstation exclusive because of this. They somehow manage to be incredibly similar games in the end. No matter how different their first premise started.
            This is a pretty tragic take considering some of the latest PlayStation exclusives include GOW Ragnarok and The Last Of Us 2
                Agree on The Last of Us part 2, but Ragnarok was, to me, the worst Sony exclusive ever made. Huge disappointment in every regard for me. Hated that game and the choices they made in the story and gameplay... But oh well... I already talked too much about this game when it launched. If you want to know more about my opinion in it, feel free to explore my history.

Also, I still keep my point, honestly. Every Sony Game started trying to be like Naughty Dog after a while, and only God of War 2018 managed to have the same quality in my opinion. Every other game never reached the same standards to me.
                    I disagree but I can’t be bothered to argue it like you
                        I definitely understand. And it's perfectly fine if you liked it. If everyone had the same taste variety wouldn't exist, after all.

I'm also tired to discuss about this game, so I probably would lack energy to talk about it one more time with you, honestly... As much as I love some healthy and intelligent discussion about games.

Also, don't take my comment as "Every other exclusive not made by Naughty Dog is horrible". That's definitely not what I've meant.
                    i didnt like raganarok as much as 2018. def a step down.
                    Interesting. I very much enjoyed GoW 2018, I had this anticipation for Ragnarok. I’ve played through the first initial levels, but feels very repetitive and hasn’t drawn me in. So much so, I have moved on to other games. My friends assure me to endure as Ragnarok gets very good about a third of the way through, but really not feeling this compared to GoW 2018. 
I’m close to finishing RE4 remake which was excellent and weighing up Ghosts of Tsushima or slogging through Ragnarok for the next game.
                        I don't want to influence on your experience, but a friend of mine was in the exact same position as yours, and just as I encouraged him to finish it, I think you should too. I personally think the game grows worse and worse, and I honestly wished I used better my time. My friend disliked it just as I did, and I honestly doesn't know someone who liked it, at max thinking it was passable. Again, I encourage you to go through as well, only to form your own opinion. I personally think its the worst playstation exclusive I've ever played.
                            nice, Im a casual  and relatively new gamer and eager to entertain myself with games enjoyed by many. I'll disregard Ragnarok and contemplate Ghosts of Tsumisha although, the Dead Space remake has peaked my interest. Mainly, after the stellar RE4 remake experience and popular reviews.
                                Dead Space Will absolutely be something you'll like if you expect some good quality horror just as Residen Evil 4. Since you're apparently on a horror mood, maybe take a look over Alien Isolation and Prey as well, specially the latter.
Nah you shouldn't get down voted, what you said is 100% accurate. I don't personally think it's mediocre, I think it's a great game, but if someone played a lot of AC games recently they would feel burnt out playing this since its basically the same thing.
    you can say that about every game series though. Every entry to that series usually feels the same of any series.
You shouldn't be downvoted because it's the truth. I would personally give it a 7/10, so a bit better than average IMO, but definitely not great or something I'd wish to play ever again.
Besides the visuals the multiplayer is actually pretty good too for a pve
Hey i was looking through old comments and I saw this, and I would love to discuss this. I love discussions about gaming, and while I don't fully agree or disagree with you, I would love to hear what you have to say about the gamw
W

sekiro is much much much better and more fun
This is the answer. Beautiful scenic game. Great combat. But story is bland, repetitive side quests, collectibles (I’m looking at you foxes) get boring real quick to the point where you are just rushing to the end. 

Is it a bad game? No
Just another open world game
agreed. i never finished the game. the combat was fun , but everything else was just disappointing, repetive and just boring, it literally puts me to sleep.

if the game would be a bit faster paced, remove some of those repetitive and boring stuff it would feel way better.

the combat is great, but everything else, just no
I feel like GoT at least tried to slightly innovate its open world, in the sense that it used its wind mechanic to navigate the player as opposed to a mini map or waypoint. Made it feel a little bit more organic.

Don’t get me wrong though, at times it did feel a bit Ubisoft-y, but nowhere near as bad. It’s definitely no Elden Ring/Breath of the Wild when it comes to open world design, but it’s okay.

I feel like they could’ve improved some of the standard NPC interactions though, the game was supposed to be cinematic but at times when you’re speaking to an NPC the camera is static and not close enough, plus there wasn’t a lot of dynamic movement with the NPCs. Kind of felt a bit artificial and took me out of the experience slightly, hopefully they improve on that in the sequel.
Lol.
"Beautiful, yet boring" is like the perfect description imo. Maybe I'm just too burnt out on open world games but the game did not hook me at all. It wasn't for me but I know a lot of people love it. OP, it's on PS Plus Extra (plus a ton of other great games) if you want it but aren't completely sure about it
In your opinion, what game would be a better choice then?
    A better choice for who? What are the criterias? OP didn't ask for any alternatives, he just wanted our thoughts on this one game.
How beautiful the game looks is the one thing everyone has been mentioning since even before it released lmao
    Seriously
I mean, you can play it as a linear story focused game. The open world stuff is mainly just extras for those who wanna do it, but it's not required. I have a few friends that just did the story and really enjoyed it. I personally liked the extra stuff though so I 100% it
    Which I did, but the "missions" and interactions have the same open world theme.
Really? I guess i just suck then
This. The open world is just annoying after a couple of hours. There are mongols patrolling the roads and people asking for help and aside from about 5-6 stories that are open world, that’s it. I found myself avoiding all the combat opportunities between story missions and was kind of annoyed at how far apart everything was. Also, taking the forts and villages was fun, for a time but that just reached the point of tedium for me.
    Complete opposite for me. I enjoyed exploring the world and thought it looked stunning. I also never got tired of the combat and sought out fights constantly.
Yeah, honestly that was my experiance. I used to be into those kinds of open world games years ago but kinda perminantly burned out on them and stopped buying any. Got Ghost of Tsushima with my PS5 because of the positivity i'd seen and while it's well made and graphically impressive it mostly just felt like a less unique retread of Shadow of Mordor.

I enjoyed GoT for maybe 20-30 hours but just burned out at that point because it's so repetative and dropped it.

It's absolutely not a bad game or anything, if I was a teenager who hadn't played many similar open world games I would have loved it but as someone in their 30's who played all the foundational games of the genre on launch and doesn't really care about flashy graphics anymore it's nothing special.
    it's not a bad game by any measure, but it doesn't really bring anything new to the table and by the end, you've done the same things over and over without much variation. By the time I got to the DLC, I enjoyed the new abilities but I was burned out and just gave up.
    SoT?… I can’t tell if you meant to abbreviate Ghost of Tsushima, Shadow of Mordor, or something else that you haven’t mentioned
        I think for a split second I called it "Shadow of Tsushima" in my head, lol. Fixed it.
[deleted]
    Sure, but my point is that GoT isn't that much better gameplay-wise.
I agree with you there. I was comparing it to current era Ubisoft.
Hard disagree
Not split screen. We have a PS4 and PS5 and two 50" tvs side by side.
I loved them both, so the disrespect is all in your mind.
Totally. So if you have ever played assassins creed or far cry, they follow a similar pattern. In each game there are watchtower, radio tower, or shrines that you climb to the top of to reveal a portion of the map and some of the things to do in that area. Essentially, you uncover map, do what the map reveals, then continue forward. That isn't to say the games aren't fun. Some of the side quests in GoT are amazing and more memorable than the other two games listed. For instance, one of my favorite was hunting down some of the other straw hat samurai and having a 1v1 duel. Some of the other side stuff can be very tedious though. Following fox holes, reflecting at monument, and chopping bamboo, while all useful can feel like a chore.
One thing that isn't really mentioned that i'm seeing is that there is almost no heads up display. Often times a little gold bird will fly the direction you need to go or the sound will blow pollen or leaves in that direction. Its not perfect but it is an extremely beautiful that blends stealth and sword play together nicely. The upgrades are leveling system are great and really make a big difference. If you aren't looking at getting spiderman or god of war i can't recommend this enough.
The Ubisoft formula definitely works, but some of the recent open world games have shown that the genre can be so much more. Games such as TW3, RDR2, Elden Ring etc. all borrow certain aspects of the formula but they also offer a lot more do see and do. GoT on the other hand is a more polished AC game, but that's about it really. It's a decent game for sure, but not a masterpiece that will leave a big impact on the gaming industry. Or the players for that matter.
    what does the witcher 3 do better in terms of open world design then AC? it has better writing but you are still finding bandit camaps.
        Exactly, all open world games have filler content
            AC Origins  drew heavily from The Witcher 3.
    Ubiosoft actually Borrowed from Rockstar but they did  the whole have map makers all over the map thing. GTA 3 is the Template for many open World games.
Exactly! Thank you, a lot of people considered it to be bad but done in the right way it could be absolutely amazing like got or hfw
That's not the only reason, hence why I said I can mention the specifics if anyone cares. I can write an essay about why Ghost is mediocre.
    I think I could write an essay as to why it's amazing lol. Different strokes I guess
        Good for you I guess?
            They have just as much reason to say why they thought it was good than you do to say its bad. Why are you being weird about it? If i typed “good for you i guess?” On your original comment you’d think i was a real smarmy dick wouldn’t you?
    Good for you i guess?
    Good for you I guess?
Ubisoft open world games are just 😴 by design, full of filler to make a game campaign 60 hrs where you're just repeating shit. Honestly assassin's creed games were only good as pirate Sims, the actual combat and nuts and bolts is always shallow and disappointing... They just pad a beautiful map out with collectibles to keep the masses entertained.. they're like one step up from CoD or fast and the furious movies... I mean sure if you can find enjoyment in that but ya know, only live once, I wouldn't spend it playing ubisoft filler content repeated in every game with a slight different twist😴
I feel like a lot of PS games recently start with the photo mode and build a game from there.
    Yeah, I feel you. It's been a while since I've seen an interesting Playstation exclusive because of this. They somehow manage to be incredibly similar games in the end. No matter how different their first premise started.
        This is a pretty tragic take considering some of the latest PlayStation exclusives include GOW Ragnarok and The Last Of Us 2
            Agree on The Last of Us part 2, but Ragnarok was, to me, the worst Sony exclusive ever made. Huge disappointment in every regard for me. Hated that game and the choices they made in the story and gameplay... But oh well... I already talked too much about this game when it launched. If you want to know more about my opinion in it, feel free to explore my history.

Also, I still keep my point, honestly. Every Sony Game started trying to be like Naughty Dog after a while, and only God of War 2018 managed to have the same quality in my opinion. Every other game never reached the same standards to me.
                I disagree but I can’t be bothered to argue it like you
                    I definitely understand. And it's perfectly fine if you liked it. If everyone had the same taste variety wouldn't exist, after all.

I'm also tired to discuss about this game, so I probably would lack energy to talk about it one more time with you, honestly... As much as I love some healthy and intelligent discussion about games.

Also, don't take my comment as "Every other exclusive not made by Naughty Dog is horrible". That's definitely not what I've meant.
                i didnt like raganarok as much as 2018. def a step down.
                Interesting. I very much enjoyed GoW 2018, I had this anticipation for Ragnarok. I’ve played through the first initial levels, but feels very repetitive and hasn’t drawn me in. So much so, I have moved on to other games. My friends assure me to endure as Ragnarok gets very good about a third of the way through, but really not feeling this compared to GoW 2018. 
I’m close to finishing RE4 remake which was excellent and weighing up Ghosts of Tsushima or slogging through Ragnarok for the next game.
                    I don't want to influence on your experience, but a friend of mine was in the exact same position as yours, and just as I encouraged him to finish it, I think you should too. I personally think the game grows worse and worse, and I honestly wished I used better my time. My friend disliked it just as I did, and I honestly doesn't know someone who liked it, at max thinking it was passable. Again, I encourage you to go through as well, only to form your own opinion. I personally think its the worst playstation exclusive I've ever played.
                        nice, Im a casual  and relatively new gamer and eager to entertain myself with games enjoyed by many. I'll disregard Ragnarok and contemplate Ghosts of Tsumisha although, the Dead Space remake has peaked my interest. Mainly, after the stellar RE4 remake experience and popular reviews.
                            Dead Space Will absolutely be something you'll like if you expect some good quality horror just as Residen Evil 4. Since you're apparently on a horror mood, maybe take a look over Alien Isolation and Prey as well, specially the latter.
you can say that about every game series though. Every entry to that series usually feels the same of any series.
A better choice for who? What are the criterias? OP didn't ask for any alternatives, he just wanted our thoughts on this one game.
Seriously
Which I did, but the "missions" and interactions have the same open world theme.
Complete opposite for me. I enjoyed exploring the world and thought it looked stunning. I also never got tired of the combat and sought out fights constantly.
it's not a bad game by any measure, but it doesn't really bring anything new to the table and by the end, you've done the same things over and over without much variation. By the time I got to the DLC, I enjoyed the new abilities but I was burned out and just gave up.
SoT?… I can’t tell if you meant to abbreviate Ghost of Tsushima, Shadow of Mordor, or something else that you haven’t mentioned
    I think for a split second I called it "Shadow of Tsushima" in my head, lol. Fixed it.
Sure, but my point is that GoT isn't that much better gameplay-wise.
what does the witcher 3 do better in terms of open world design then AC? it has better writing but you are still finding bandit camaps.
    Exactly, all open world games have filler content
        AC Origins  drew heavily from The Witcher 3.
Ubiosoft actually Borrowed from Rockstar but they did  the whole have map makers all over the map thing. GTA 3 is the Template for many open World games.
I think I could write an essay as to why it's amazing lol. Different strokes I guess
    Good for you I guess?
        They have just as much reason to say why they thought it was good than you do to say its bad. Why are you being weird about it? If i typed “good for you i guess?” On your original comment you’d think i was a real smarmy dick wouldn’t you?
Good for you i guess?
Good for you I guess?
Yeah, I feel you. It's been a while since I've seen an interesting Playstation exclusive because of this. They somehow manage to be incredibly similar games in the end. No matter how different their first premise started.
    This is a pretty tragic take considering some of the latest PlayStation exclusives include GOW Ragnarok and The Last Of Us 2
        Agree on The Last of Us part 2, but Ragnarok was, to me, the worst Sony exclusive ever made. Huge disappointment in every regard for me. Hated that game and the choices they made in the story and gameplay... But oh well... I already talked too much about this game when it launched. If you want to know more about my opinion in it, feel free to explore my history.

Also, I still keep my point, honestly. Every Sony Game started trying to be like Naughty Dog after a while, and only God of War 2018 managed to have the same quality in my opinion. Every other game never reached the same standards to me.
            I disagree but I can’t be bothered to argue it like you
                I definitely understand. And it's perfectly fine if you liked it. If everyone had the same taste variety wouldn't exist, after all.

I'm also tired to discuss about this game, so I probably would lack energy to talk about it one more time with you, honestly... As much as I love some healthy and intelligent discussion about games.

Also, don't take my comment as "Every other exclusive not made by Naughty Dog is horrible". That's definitely not what I've meant.
            i didnt like raganarok as much as 2018. def a step down.
            Interesting. I very much enjoyed GoW 2018, I had this anticipation for Ragnarok. I’ve played through the first initial levels, but feels very repetitive and hasn’t drawn me in. So much so, I have moved on to other games. My friends assure me to endure as Ragnarok gets very good about a third of the way through, but really not feeling this compared to GoW 2018. 
I’m close to finishing RE4 remake which was excellent and weighing up Ghosts of Tsushima or slogging through Ragnarok for the next game.
                I don't want to influence on your experience, but a friend of mine was in the exact same position as yours, and just as I encouraged him to finish it, I think you should too. I personally think the game grows worse and worse, and I honestly wished I used better my time. My friend disliked it just as I did, and I honestly doesn't know someone who liked it, at max thinking it was passable. Again, I encourage you to go through as well, only to form your own opinion. I personally think its the worst playstation exclusive I've ever played.
                    nice, Im a casual  and relatively new gamer and eager to entertain myself with games enjoyed by many. I'll disregard Ragnarok and contemplate Ghosts of Tsumisha although, the Dead Space remake has peaked my interest. Mainly, after the stellar RE4 remake experience and popular reviews.
                        Dead Space Will absolutely be something you'll like if you expect some good quality horror just as Residen Evil 4. Since you're apparently on a horror mood, maybe take a look over Alien Isolation and Prey as well, specially the latter.
I think for a split second I called it "Shadow of Tsushima" in my head, lol. Fixed it.
Exactly, all open world games have filler content
    AC Origins  drew heavily from The Witcher 3.
Good for you I guess?
    They have just as much reason to say why they thought it was good than you do to say its bad. Why are you being weird about it? If i typed “good for you i guess?” On your original comment you’d think i was a real smarmy dick wouldn’t you?
This is a pretty tragic take considering some of the latest PlayStation exclusives include GOW Ragnarok and The Last Of Us 2
    Agree on The Last of Us part 2, but Ragnarok was, to me, the worst Sony exclusive ever made. Huge disappointment in every regard for me. Hated that game and the choices they made in the story and gameplay... But oh well... I already talked too much about this game when it launched. If you want to know more about my opinion in it, feel free to explore my history.

Also, I still keep my point, honestly. Every Sony Game started trying to be like Naughty Dog after a while, and only God of War 2018 managed to have the same quality in my opinion. Every other game never reached the same standards to me.
        I disagree but I can’t be bothered to argue it like you
            I definitely understand. And it's perfectly fine if you liked it. If everyone had the same taste variety wouldn't exist, after all.

I'm also tired to discuss about this game, so I probably would lack energy to talk about it one more time with you, honestly... As much as I love some healthy and intelligent discussion about games.

Also, don't take my comment as "Every other exclusive not made by Naughty Dog is horrible". That's definitely not what I've meant.
        i didnt like raganarok as much as 2018. def a step down.
        Interesting. I very much enjoyed GoW 2018, I had this anticipation for Ragnarok. I’ve played through the first initial levels, but feels very repetitive and hasn’t drawn me in. So much so, I have moved on to other games. My friends assure me to endure as Ragnarok gets very good about a third of the way through, but really not feeling this compared to GoW 2018. 
I’m close to finishing RE4 remake which was excellent and weighing up Ghosts of Tsushima or slogging through Ragnarok for the next game.
            I don't want to influence on your experience, but a friend of mine was in the exact same position as yours, and just as I encouraged him to finish it, I think you should too. I personally think the game grows worse and worse, and I honestly wished I used better my time. My friend disliked it just as I did, and I honestly doesn't know someone who liked it, at max thinking it was passable. Again, I encourage you to go through as well, only to form your own opinion. I personally think its the worst playstation exclusive I've ever played.
                nice, Im a casual  and relatively new gamer and eager to entertain myself with games enjoyed by many. I'll disregard Ragnarok and contemplate Ghosts of Tsumisha although, the Dead Space remake has peaked my interest. Mainly, after the stellar RE4 remake experience and popular reviews.
                    Dead Space Will absolutely be something you'll like if you expect some good quality horror just as Residen Evil 4. Since you're apparently on a horror mood, maybe take a look over Alien Isolation and Prey as well, specially the latter.
AC Origins  drew heavily from The Witcher 3.
They have just as much reason to say why they thought it was good than you do to say its bad. Why are you being weird about it? If i typed “good for you i guess?” On your original comment you’d think i was a real smarmy dick wouldn’t you?
Agree on The Last of Us part 2, but Ragnarok was, to me, the worst Sony exclusive ever made. Huge disappointment in every regard for me. Hated that game and the choices they made in the story and gameplay... But oh well... I already talked too much about this game when it launched. If you want to know more about my opinion in it, feel free to explore my history.

Also, I still keep my point, honestly. Every Sony Game started trying to be like Naughty Dog after a while, and only God of War 2018 managed to have the same quality in my opinion. Every other game never reached the same standards to me.
    I disagree but I can’t be bothered to argue it like you
        I definitely understand. And it's perfectly fine if you liked it. If everyone had the same taste variety wouldn't exist, after all.

I'm also tired to discuss about this game, so I probably would lack energy to talk about it one more time with you, honestly... As much as I love some healthy and intelligent discussion about games.

Also, don't take my comment as "Every other exclusive not made by Naughty Dog is horrible". That's definitely not what I've meant.
    i didnt like raganarok as much as 2018. def a step down.
    Interesting. I very much enjoyed GoW 2018, I had this anticipation for Ragnarok. I’ve played through the first initial levels, but feels very repetitive and hasn’t drawn me in. So much so, I have moved on to other games. My friends assure me to endure as Ragnarok gets very good about a third of the way through, but really not feeling this compared to GoW 2018. 
I’m close to finishing RE4 remake which was excellent and weighing up Ghosts of Tsushima or slogging through Ragnarok for the next game.
        I don't want to influence on your experience, but a friend of mine was in the exact same position as yours, and just as I encouraged him to finish it, I think you should too. I personally think the game grows worse and worse, and I honestly wished I used better my time. My friend disliked it just as I did, and I honestly doesn't know someone who liked it, at max thinking it was passable. Again, I encourage you to go through as well, only to form your own opinion. I personally think its the worst playstation exclusive I've ever played.
            nice, Im a casual  and relatively new gamer and eager to entertain myself with games enjoyed by many. I'll disregard Ragnarok and contemplate Ghosts of Tsumisha although, the Dead Space remake has peaked my interest. Mainly, after the stellar RE4 remake experience and popular reviews.
                Dead Space Will absolutely be something you'll like if you expect some good quality horror just as Residen Evil 4. Since you're apparently on a horror mood, maybe take a look over Alien Isolation and Prey as well, specially the latter.
I disagree but I can’t be bothered to argue it like you
    I definitely understand. And it's perfectly fine if you liked it. If everyone had the same taste variety wouldn't exist, after all.

I'm also tired to discuss about this game, so I probably would lack energy to talk about it one more time with you, honestly... As much as I love some healthy and intelligent discussion about games.

Also, don't take my comment as "Every other exclusive not made by Naughty Dog is horrible". That's definitely not what I've meant.
i didnt like raganarok as much as 2018. def a step down.
Interesting. I very much enjoyed GoW 2018, I had this anticipation for Ragnarok. I’ve played through the first initial levels, but feels very repetitive and hasn’t drawn me in. So much so, I have moved on to other games. My friends assure me to endure as Ragnarok gets very good about a third of the way through, but really not feeling this compared to GoW 2018. 
I’m close to finishing RE4 remake which was excellent and weighing up Ghosts of Tsushima or slogging through Ragnarok for the next game.
    I don't want to influence on your experience, but a friend of mine was in the exact same position as yours, and just as I encouraged him to finish it, I think you should too. I personally think the game grows worse and worse, and I honestly wished I used better my time. My friend disliked it just as I did, and I honestly doesn't know someone who liked it, at max thinking it was passable. Again, I encourage you to go through as well, only to form your own opinion. I personally think its the worst playstation exclusive I've ever played.
        nice, Im a casual  and relatively new gamer and eager to entertain myself with games enjoyed by many. I'll disregard Ragnarok and contemplate Ghosts of Tsumisha although, the Dead Space remake has peaked my interest. Mainly, after the stellar RE4 remake experience and popular reviews.
            Dead Space Will absolutely be something you'll like if you expect some good quality horror just as Residen Evil 4. Since you're apparently on a horror mood, maybe take a look over Alien Isolation and Prey as well, specially the latter.
I definitely understand. And it's perfectly fine if you liked it. If everyone had the same taste variety wouldn't exist, after all.

I'm also tired to discuss about this game, so I probably would lack energy to talk about it one more time with you, honestly... As much as I love some healthy and intelligent discussion about games.

Also, don't take my comment as "Every other exclusive not made by Naughty Dog is horrible". That's definitely not what I've meant.
I don't want to influence on your experience, but a friend of mine was in the exact same position as yours, and just as I encouraged him to finish it, I think you should too. I personally think the game grows worse and worse, and I honestly wished I used better my time. My friend disliked it just as I did, and I honestly doesn't know someone who liked it, at max thinking it was passable. Again, I encourage you to go through as well, only to form your own opinion. I personally think its the worst playstation exclusive I've ever played.
    nice, Im a casual  and relatively new gamer and eager to entertain myself with games enjoyed by many. I'll disregard Ragnarok and contemplate Ghosts of Tsumisha although, the Dead Space remake has peaked my interest. Mainly, after the stellar RE4 remake experience and popular reviews.
        Dead Space Will absolutely be something you'll like if you expect some good quality horror just as Residen Evil 4. Since you're apparently on a horror mood, maybe take a look over Alien Isolation and Prey as well, specially the latter.
nice, Im a casual  and relatively new gamer and eager to entertain myself with games enjoyed by many. I'll disregard Ragnarok and contemplate Ghosts of Tsumisha although, the Dead Space remake has peaked my interest. Mainly, after the stellar RE4 remake experience and popular reviews.
    Dead Space Will absolutely be something you'll like if you expect some good quality horror just as Residen Evil 4. Since you're apparently on a horror mood, maybe take a look over Alien Isolation and Prey as well, specially the latter.
Dead Space Will absolutely be something you'll like if you expect some good quality horror just as Residen Evil 4. Since you're apparently on a horror mood, maybe take a look over Alien Isolation and Prey as well, specially the latter.
