[[18 Lesser Known Facts About the Arkham Franchise]]


1) Originally, Mark Hamill was not going to return to play as Joker in Batman: Arkham Knight as his Joker voice was damaging his own. He only returned due to finding out that Joker would get a musical number.



2) Arkham Asylum's Harley Quinn interview tapes depict that she first met The Joker in Arkham Asylum, although Arkham Origins show that they first met a Blackgate.



3) All the names of the Achievements in Batman: Arkham Knight are references to other Batman media.



4) The Batmobile was planned to be drivable in Batman: Arkham City, although due to how Arkham City was built with narrow streets and lots of objects in the roads, the Batmobile was scrapped.



5) Hush was originally going to be the main villain working with Scarecrow in Batman: Arkham Knight, but his role was later moved to a side mission.



6) If you were to use Detective Mode on Barbara Gordon in Batman: Arkham Knight, you can see the part of her spine where Joker shot in The Killing Joke.



7) The robots Harley Quinn uses in Batman: Arkham City's DLC, Harley Quinn's Revenge, are the same ones found in Wonder City (but with more of a Harley look).



8) If Dectective Mode is used to see Clayface Joker in Batman: Arkham City before the final plot twist, you can see that he has no bones.



9) Robin and Nightwing don't have voice clips in Batman: Arkham City's Challenge Maps.



10) During the scene in Batman: Arkham Origins where Batman is trying to revive Alfred with Electrocutioner's Gloves, the subtitles say that Bruce Wayne is talking, not Batman.



11) At the end of Batman: Arkham Asylum, there is a short cutscene where either Scarecrow, Killer Croc or Bane grabs onto a crate of Titan. Out of these three cutscenes, it seems that the Bane cutscene is the one that's canon.



12) The thugs Mr Hammer and Mr Sickle in Batman: Arkham City, are a reference to Communist Russia.



13) It is possible to go to Arkham City and Arkham Asylum in Batman: Arkham Knight, although getting there is rather difficult and the two locations are low resolution and have no collision.



14) It is also possible to go to Wonder Tower in Batman: Arkham City after confronting with Dr Strange, although doing so can permanently softlock your entire savefile if you're not careful, making it unplayable in the Main Campaign.



15) Black Mask in Red Hood's DLC in Batman: Arkham Knight, can be depicted as a fake Black Mask. Evidence of this can be that his mask doesn't move when he talks and he has a much more coward-like personality.



16) Both Deadshot and Black Mask can be seen at the very beginning of Batman: Arkham City. Deadshot is the guy who says, "Bruce Wayne! You're on my list." and Black Mask can be seen getting beaten by Tyger Guards.



17) In one of Calander Man's speeches in Batman: Arkham City, he says that he will be there in Batman's beginning in end. Calander Man can be seen in the beginning cutscene of Batman: Arkham Origins (which technically isn't the beginning of Batman, but is the earliest we see Batman in this timeline) as well as the Knightfall Protocol in Batman: Arkham Knight.



18) Before every Scarecrow encounter in Batman: Arkham Asylum, Batman will cough and fear gas can very faintly be seen through the air.


So..... I knew everything except :

>During the scene in Batman: Arkham Origins where Batman is trying to revive Alfred with Electrocutioner's Gloves, the subtitles say that Bruce Wayne is talking, not Batman.

>He only returned due to finding out that Joker would get a musical number.
Yup this is getting saved. Very interesting.
I'm pretty sure that scarecrows ending in Asylum us the canon one since it is mentioned in City when you scan his mask
I knew everything but 5. Imagine if hush played a bigger role😒. The potential knight had yo they had good villains but they played very little roles.
Knew everything.

Nightwing was originally gonna have dialogue in City, but it was scrapped.
To add onto 16 you can also see Azrael watching from a rooftop during this scene.
    I was going to mention Azreal, but I thought because he's a Side Mission more people would know about his presence.
>Hush was originally going to be the main villain working with Scarecrow in Batman: Arkham Knight, but his role was later moved to a side mission.

That's not a fact, just wild fanboy speculation.
I hate to say this but I knew all of those facts. Cool post nonetheless.
Is number 5 true? I thought it was just a common fan theory, hell I figured Bush would end up being the knight... I didn’t know rocksteady was ACTUALLY gonna make him the knight...
    Fear toxin can't melt steel beams
I was going to mention Azreal, but I thought because he's a Side Mission more people would know about his presence.
Fear toxin can't melt steel beams
