[[When The Killer Trolls You, And Then It Backfires On Him In The Greatest Way Possible]]





This is beautiful
    His 4 percent chance said fuck you to the killer
        This 4 percent knew what was his role
            It worked out in the best of ways haha.
        Respect the 4%
    karma has a way of showing up at the most opportune times
Fuck that guy
    Will do!
        So how was the fuck
            He can no longer walk, he almost died from the shock.
                sounds like a typical night
                ****He didn’t appreciate my barging into the house****
                Did he die from a crushed pelvis?
                r/holup
            Noice
                Noice!
                    Noice
        I second that
            I third that
                i fourth that
                    I fifth that
                        I sixth that
                            seventh
                                eighth
                                    I CAN ONLY COUNT TO 8 ? WHAT'S NEXT ?!?!
                                    Ninth
                                Eighth! That guy deserved that shit.
                                    I infinity that
            The sloppiest of seconds!
        r/dbdgonewild
        Wait what
    Yeah it's not cool when survivors do it so it's not cool when the killer does it either
        Well, if they did it first, it's totally called for.
        Nope
    Sorry this might have been me
        He got like 14k up votes and it's not like you're the only toxic dbd fan lol
This was 100% deserved, and I bet he was at a loss for words.
    Killer main. Ghostboi TOTALLY deserved it. I think the most asshole thing a killer can do in this game is taunt a survivor with the hatch. The killers that bring survivors to hatch, drop them, and slam the hatch shut in their face are ACTUAL fucking psychopaths.
        I had that happen but hatch was in shack and I had adrenaline. Sometimes karma’s on your side, I ended up escaping because the troll was a total idiot as they usually are
        I had this Huntress carry me around the entire Mother’s Dwelling to find hatch, drop me near it, close it and hook me. It took her 2 minutes to find it. I was pretty certain she just wanted to give me hatch at this point. Her explanation: “I wanted bloodpoints for closing it AND a kill”. Pathetic ass. Why do I never do it  as Killer and yet have it done to me so often?
            Isn’t it like 500 for closing the hatch? Not even worth it 😂
            I remember when I thought closing hatch gave me more bloodpoints, so I would take the last survivor and release them near an exit gate, close the hatch and let them open gate instead...

It's just a lot more simple to give them hatch. So I do that now.
            Dat 250 points will get her to P3 for sure.

I hear that excuse all the time too btw. I don't understand why dick Killers don't embrace their dickiness. My favourite is the "No I left hook" argument when they haven't noticed Kindred in the perk list. Yeah Boi, we see you.
        I do this but then carry them to the door and let them out. Bp is king
        i only did that once because of archives otherwise i let them go
            Were you a doctor on the stranger things map?
                no
                    Damn
                I think I was in that match, the doctor brought the last survivor to the hatch then closed it and then Mori’d them
                That may have been me...
                    I was a claudette, p1. Did you have the plague doctor outfit?
                        Ah, no, been running base Doctor recently and I'm pretty sure it was a Meg.
            Just let them have door after, simple and it makes you not a complete asshole
                i had to hook during egc
                No.
        I kind of did that but the nea was in a 4 man swf and was camping hatch waiting for friend to escape so I downed her and waited a bit for her to crawl towards it then closed it and got the hook
        One time I mori'd a survivor while they were straight on **top of an open hatch**. What does that make me?

^(I got bullied hardcore my last game, I wanted to vent at the time.)
            An actual monster
            A fucking douchebag
            Nothing; it's just a game and people need to chill out on both sides.
            I feel really bad for some survivors because there are just some games you need to vent and be a total fucking asshole. 


Had a game where I got bullied hard with flashlights and head on for like 30 mins while they basically never did gens, and the next match I equipped my best add ons, took an ebony mori, and was just a massive prick all game.
                > some games you just need to be a total asshole

No offense, I get where you're coming from, but doing this is just repeating the cycle of toxicity in this game.

If you're a massive prick to some innocent survivors in a game as a way to vent, that could be what motivates them then equip flashlights in their next game and be teabagging assclowns to some innocent killer.

And then maybe that killer does the same next game, and so the cycle goes on. Only way to break it is to just not care, or vent outside the game by not playing it. Otherwise you're just part of the problem.
                    When the whole point of the game is two opposing teams trying to counter each other in an ongoing scenario of killer vs survivor, doesn't that just keep the game going?

Isn't the actual problem when people come to reddit?
                    Never said it was a positive way to vent, but I genuinely enjoy it sometimes. 


I'm never actually toxic, so if me using a Mori and a good build makes people flashlight click spam and tbag their next game, they were probably going to do it anyway.
                        You just said you were a massive prick all game. Also, you could say the same thing about them. If them tbagging makes you bring an ebony mori and play like a dick you were probably going to anyways.
                Such is the circle of life.

I wish I knew which survivors were trained professional bullies so I dont get caught with my pants down playing non-meta killers for dailies. If I knew ahead of time if a survivor had every intention on bullying me, I'd be running my anti-bully Huntress build on them. But sometimes we just have to eat shit for their amusement. Up until the penalties were introduced, I'd just disconnect if it got out of control, which a lot of the times it did.

You know that scene in Stepbrothers where the protagonists got their asses handed to them by all those children and they forced him to lick white dog poo? That's Dead by Daylight.

... I should make a video for that.
                    You know they're trained professional bullies because they're playing survivor!
                        Shit u rite
                I disagree. There are some matches where people are pricks. Best just to ignore them. Most of the time they do this against a person that they know is a new level 1 killer for that killer and they taunt and act stupid. This happened to me with my first match as Huntress on Auto Haven. Just ignore douchebags like that and move on. I definitely would have DC if within 30 minutes, no gens were done. I've never even played a match for that long. Longest one was me and Lorie as only ones left in Hospital against Pyramid Head with 2 gens left. We both escaped cause I distracted him while he carried her and she broke free.
            Depends, did you get them as they were running to the hatch ? Or did you down them and carry them to the hatch and Mori them ? If it’s the former - really lucky. The latter - dickhead
            It makes The Entity pleased, and thats all that matters.
        I’m just gonna say, do we all feel the same for survivors who do this kinda stuff? Bully the shit out of the killer and wait at the exit for as long as possible just to make sure the killer sees them tbagging. Or the ones that make tons of noise next to the hatch and tbag right on top of it taunting the killer. I’m just saying let’s feel the same way both ways
            We do.
                Yeah I don't know what this guy is on about. The only people who don't feel that way are survivors who do it. Same as the people who don't feel badly about this GF taunting are people who troll as killer
            People on this sub complain about that often and gets upvoted for it. I'm not sure what you're trying to get at here, neither behavior are acceptable.
        As a new killer main I also don't stand for shitty team  mates, had a guy sell another guy out so I let the one who was betrayed go and killed the others
        I run adrenaline specificly for that reason🥰
        i assume sometimes they just close it for the points/challenges and not losing the track of the survivor but yeas psycho traumed kids everywhere, online gaming sucks
        I always do that after a entity displeased streak.
        As are survivors that literally lead me to the hatch only to escape when they could've just ended the game once it opened.
        Sometimes I do it for challenges because the chances of me finding hatch before they get consumed by the entity is slim
        I always do this to the survivor to make them have a mini heart attack and then let them open the exit gate to make them go through a lot in a few seconds
        A buba did that to me and I ended up having adrenaline and my bf had brought a key and I know where he dropped it so I can to get it and left
        I did that once to a meg thinking it would be really funny but once it was done I felt like a total dick. I ended up bringing her to the gate for her to open it. She opened it, walked to the end, started dancing, i started dancing, and that went on until she realized end game clock was about to run out so she went for it but ran out of time.
        I posted about this and everyone shitted on me and called me a whiny baby. I wasn’t even whining I was saying that as a killer main I’ve never done that and wouldn’t because it’s a dick move.
        My favourite moment is when I have a key in that scenario :D

(if I don't have a key I rotate and don't go closer it makes them soooo mad)
        Though doing that would fit the Ghostface lore pretty well
        You're forgetting about the terrible things survivor mains do. What you just said was nothing. Maybe play the fucking game so you can understand.
        So I did something smart, I had someone who was Moriable so I brought them to the hatch (second to last person) and killed them in front of it NOT because I wanted to taunt them, but because I wanted to shut it immediately. The survivor ran towards it half a second to late, meaning if I didn’t kill them in front of it they would have escaped. I won the game 4/4. Would you consider this psychopathic?
        you seem to take this game a bit too seriously
    I really doubt it because some people believe it or not don’t give a fuck
    I think that the killer wanted to give him the hatch, but because he resisted he got pissed off and hung him. If it is like that, I don't think he deserved it
Ash takes no shit mans said 'Fuck you' and dipped
    He isnt in the tall grass anymore
    I think ghosty ended up eating his grits.
This might be the best clip ever.
    I don't stream or YouTube, I only play just to play, and only play on Xbox as well so I only have the very basic clip function on there which is why it's only a 30 second clip of the very very end, but this entire game was just weird from start to finish. This was the one time I really wish I had a capture of a whole game because it really adds so much context to the ending here that makes it even funnier.
        Well don’t leave us in suspense. What else happened??
            I need to know too! Commenting this to remember to come back lol
                same. updates!
                    guess he ded
        on the xbox there’s a function to record the last 5 mins
            Xbox: cool, I’ll just record a random thirty second clip!
                you can customize the default settings. but if its recording 30 seconds, its supposed to be the last 30.
                    Got a no scope warzone finish, clicked record what happened/last two minutes. Got a thirty second clip of where I fell off the roof and nearly died.
                        supposed^TM

at least you get to enjoy falling off the roof though. I imagine that was on the previous attempt at pulling off the shot
            You used to be able to record longer too, but I don't know how now. I think it was at least up to 15 minutes back.
        Did you spam “ez” to his inbox?
        Oh yep, same. I wish there was an easier way to record entire matches but sadly the longest you can do is only 10 minutes
        I actually prefer it this way there are annoying dbd channels that will pad out 2-3 funny moments with a dull as fuck 15 minute play
        PS4 can record the whole match, shame Switch and Xbox are lacking on that
            Only if you pre set the timer to 15-30 min. Which no sane person does.
                You mean a timer for Xbox?
                    PlayStation. You can only record the entire match if you:

 Start recording when the match starts, which doesn't make sense because you can't predict the future

 Set the timer to always record the last 30 min.
        Was gunna ask what the killer said but I guess you can’t type on Xbox
        If you start recording at the beginning of the game you can record up to 10 mins! Most games last longer but I haven't figured out how to change the recording time to longer or make it so I have to stop it manually. The 30 secs is cool and you can use it in game if you're somewhere you can stop for a sec but I definitely wish there was a way to record gameplay easier as well
        you never answered what else happened that game?
Whenever I hear Ash scream, my heart cracks, it’s something about his scream (and Dwights) really makes me feel so bad for them :(
    In know what you mean I feel a bit bad like sorry Bruce
As someone who is also on Xbox I can confirm 9/10 Ghostface mains are jerks.
    I’m that 1/10 I’ll give you hatch, let you pallet me, be friends, sure I’d hook you but I’ll keep track and help you farm -love ghostface main
        Thank you kind Whassup man.
            Your welcome it’s fun to get the crouch chain around the map and pretend to help on gens
        Pleaase dont farm, its boring af
            Well it can be nice for those survivors having a bad strain of games it gives them a bit of humor and some extra points
    I’m on ps4. I’ve never seen a ghost face I didn’t hate. The players are so toxic and his kit is bullshit.
    I'm a Ghost Face main and like to think that I'm one of the few nice ones. I might let the last one or two go if the survivors have given me a reason to respect them. Sometimes I might just feel nice randomly as well, so I might let them go anyways (though my mind might change based on their in-game behaviour, for example teabagging etc).
    The power of the tea bag souls never have been given to a killer as good as ghostface.
It’s what he deserves
if there ever was a justified "GGEZ baby killer git gud" posted in end game chat this would be it
Poetic af
That dude probably broke his controller lmfaoooo
That was satisfying even for killers. Fuck trolls.
Why would he swing and not spam Close Hatch? If you're going to be toxic, at least be competent too
    If you do anything like that you're obviously not competent..
I wouldn't be so pissed if it wasn't **every single Ghostface player** who acted like this. Today I was playing with some low ranked friends and we went up against a camping Ghostface. I unhooked him with Borrowed Time and even with **the Borrowed Time hit and three people trying to bodyblock Ghostface** he **STILL** hard tunneled my friend off the hook just to down him and facecamp him some more. My friend bought the game during the summer sale (immediately wanted in when I told him Pyramid Head was in the game) and while he's been loving the game he absolutely hates playing with me because of toxic cunts like this who he gets matched up against at my rank. At least when he plays solo he goes up against Wraiths who don't know how to decloak.
    Mannn, I miss playing against Wraiths that don’t know how to decloak 😭😭
        I actually may have gone against one once now that I think of it. I just thought they were trolling but when they finally uncloaked, they started slaughtering us all
        Played against a Wraith last night who kept trying to break a gen and couldn’t understand why it wasn’t working... my friend was working on it on the other side. Since he couldn’t break the gen he turned around and left. Also straight up walked by me on a gen at one point. Lol.
    Yeah a lot of Ghostface players are legit assholes
    This is my experience with Ghostfaces, too. Tunneling, tbagging etc. for no reason. GF has the most buggy and bs mechanic in the game tbh. I hate going against GFs. I’m not saying he’s OP, but they should rework him, because revealing him is still a joke.
        I don't know why they looked at Huntress' broken hitboxes and decided "what if *Survivors* had to use those hitboxes *but the projectile was their* **eyes!**"
            Just DBD things. They did a pretty good job again.
    As a member of the ghostboi cult, fuck that guy. If you’re proxycamping with ghostface you’re doing it wrong. Facecamping is next level fuckery
    Ghostface mains are fucking assholes
    Hey you chill. Ghost face used to be my main for a long time and I don’t play like that. I don’t camp or tbag. I stalk and hook like a good ghost face.
        In my entire time playing this game I've met like maybe 3 nice Ghostface players, one of them being a really good friend of mine. (And even then he isn't really "nice" so much as he "isn't a complete fucking tool." He operates under the mindset of "I play to win regardless of what other people think", unlike most Ghostface players who seem to operate under the mindset of "I play to make the other side angry because then I can put the post-game chat into my epic griefing montage!!!!111 XDDDDDD")

I obviously can't say without a doubt that truly *every* Ghostface camps, tunnels, and plays like a toxic asshole. But it's such an impressively wide margin it astounds me. All the other usual suspects (Spirit, Leatherface, Hag, Wraith, arguably Demogorgon?) don't play nearly as scummy nearly as often as Ghostface players. I've been camped less by Leatherfaces and Hags than I have by Ghostfaces.

It's a shame too because he has a really great kit. I love playing against a good Ghostface who doesn't act like a complete fucking twat since he's a Killer who rewards genuine skill and good use of his power over cheesing broken loops or abusing cheap perks for an easy down. But the vast majority of Ghostfaces I play with will tunnel you for 3 gens and then camp you while teabagging you.
            I hope a Ghostface comes around that actually gives you a good experience! I get a lot of farming survivors when I'm playing him and my favorite thing to do is pretend to work on gens with them and conga line. He makes me feel more wholesome when I'm up against toxic survs. I only teabag if they do it first and then it becomes us nodding at each other, lol.
                Again I've had good experiences with Ghostface players and they're some of the best matches I've ever had. It's just that the vast, **VAST** majority of them are toxic asshats.
                    That's really interesting to me. I guess I haven't played against very many. Just got into green ranks for the first time.
            I haven’t played against many ghost faces. Maybe 2 times ? But both were fine. I can see ghost faces being toxic but fortunately I haven’t had to deal with that yet
    Not all Ghostie mains :( 

I normally meme with survivors when I can tell they've had a bad day.
    I main Ghostface (when I play killer at all) with no add-ons and I never tunnel or camp, and I tend to give last survivor the hatch. 😢
    As a person who plays Ghost Face I sincerely apologize and promise I don’t face camp.
What was the end chat like?
WhY aRE SurViVORs sO ToXiC?
    when I used to main only killer, I thought survivors were the toxic ones. but recently I've started playing survivor more with my friends and it turns out people are toxic on both sides. it's like a cycle of toxicity and it really sucks because I don't know how to fix it
        Many survivors who always complain about toxic killers end up bring Moris, tunnel, camp, and are POS's when they play killer. Basically like you said some ppl are just toxic. Doesn't matter whether they choose survivor or killer.
            [deleted]
                Honestly I don’t mind the idea of Mori’ing, I just hate Memento Moris themselves. See I don’t feel like I’m being cheated when a perk like Devour Hope pops because it feels deserved. We didn’t find the hex in time and we suffered because of that and that’s fine. I hate when someone just pulls out their Ebony Mori and wins the game because they had an item that let them do so.
                    Been saying the exact same thing since I properly started playing the game, shit like devour hope feel deserved because you need to work for it.
Equally I'd be fine if they just existed as a constant thing but only possible to do if the survivor is on death hook (a la pyramid head)
                    Agreed. I don’t even use ebony’s anymore because, why? Especially people who mori off first hook. That’s bullshit.
                        I don’t use them because I think it’s bullshit when I get stuck with Ebony Mori killers who justify it with “BuT oThEr KiLlErS uSe ThEm”
                I'd be fine with Moris if they activated after second hook. After first hook is total bullshit and gives the survivors no chance if the killer is at least semi-competent.
                If they make it so Moris can only be done on 3rd hook I think it would be fair.
                or how about you can only be moried when you're on death hook, so it basically doesn't change everything, because the time it takes to mori is basically the time it'd take to be taken to a nearby hook? and maybe you get extra BP for mori kills, so now the item's purpose isn't to purposefully piss off survivors, but to gain some extra bp?  make it act like a BPS/surv pudding as well as a cosmetic item.
                And fuck keys as well. 

Nothing like having 3 survivors escape when there's still a gen left

They're both pointless in a game like this
                    Or doing 4 gens by yourself and having your 2 left over shithead teammates just bounce on out after not doing anything the entire game. 

Seriously, why? It's almost always a death sentence for the last guy, especially since they almost always do it in a chase, so the killer immediately closes it.
            See this is a deep problem because just “bringing” Mori, that thing that you have a limited supply of, that’s rare and expensive on the bloodweb, is considered toxic for some reason. So now there are intentional power ups that 4/5 of the players in the match feel are unfun
                They're not even that rare, a commited player can quickly muster a huge supply of ebony mories on a killer and basically play a full mori gameplay for a long time. It's just like iri head, I don't even play huntress outside of dailies so I just leveled her to 50 and then a bit more to get some important perks but I have enough add-ons and moris to ruin between 20 and 30 games. That's huge, will probably last me forever. So yeah you can't just use them endlessly on paper, but let's be honest, in most cases when you want to whip a mori you have one available unless you really abused them.
                I see what you're saying. They're in the game, they should be able to use them. I honestly can't believe BHVR still has them in the game the eay they are though. They're miles away the most powerful thing in the entire game and basically guarantee a 4k. I have around 100 red Mori's saved up on my Hillbilly alone but I refuse to use any of them.
                Moris are just fucked as a concept. Cutting off a third of the entire game is just... Why. Who's idea was this.
        99% of the player base is fine, it's just a small minority of edgy teens trolling each other.

The vast majority of my games, everybody is nice and respectful to each other.

Whiners on Reddit have to constantly redefine what a toxic player is to maintain the illusion that this game has a bad base. The killer played fine but he brought a perk you don't like? TOXIC. The survivor didn't do anything wrong but map RNG produced several strong tiles in a row that made them difficult to catch? TOXIC. The killer picked a character you don't like? TOXIC. The survivor brought an item you don't like? TOXIC. 

The word has lost all meaning completely. Playing the game is toxic apparently.
            99% is a huge overstatement. There's at least 1 toxic guy every 5 matches who will try to taunt you. When you go to his profile you see that he has a recent VAC ban and is part of the Ochido steam group.
                That's really not been my experience at purple/red ranks. I think I've only run into one toxic survivor in weeks, and all he did was DC when he realized I was playing Spirit, which isn't great but also isn't exactly e-bullying lol. 

I get teabagged every once in a while but I honestly don't care about that and don't get why so many killer mains get triggered over it.
            I'm not so sure, whenever I play at night 70% of my games are toxic, but during the day its much more civil and the rankings work properly. I always only used to play at night so I was one of those whiners, it made me quit the games for month and i only just started up again recently.

I think the player base is smaller at night, which leads to less players and more "bullying" since you arnt matched up with your proper skill level. Toxicity is most certinally extremely prevalent in this game, but the strong perks and offerings on both sides encourage it.
                I think it depends on your region, my games at night pop more frequently and are significantly more balanced. I don't even try to play in the mornings anymore because the queues are so long
        How can you be toxic as a survivor? I’m too bad at the game to be toxic. I’d love to get to the point where I survive long enough to think about being toxic.
        I don't think there's anything we can do to fix it. The devs will have to step in but I don't see why they will do it, because it's a lot of effort to police behaviour for what is essentially unknown returns.
        There is no way to fix it unfortunately. I play both roles as well and go out of my way to be not toxic, we're all just playing a game here so let's try to make it fun for everyone.
A fellow Ash player. I feel like we are so rare in the wild.
    Hello my my fellow Ash brethren! As soon as Ash got leaked I knew he was going to be my new main and he has remained so ever since.
        Recently Cheryl has pulled me away from Ashy Slashy but I’ll be returning to him very soon. I saw you said you’ve been playing for years so I was wondering if you had any tips for me? I’ve only been consistently playing for about 2 months, was on and off before that.
            In all honesty, the best tips I can give you is just keep practicing, play both sides as equally as possible because you'll learn a TON from getting both perspectives, and just have fun and don't take it too seriously. Even when you're getting BM'ed just laugh along with it, move on to the next game, and you'll be fine. Seriously, just keep playing and practicing and as long as you're willing to learn from your mistakes, you'll get better at it.

p.s. Again, play both sides! I started out as a killer main, and a pretty lousy one at that. Then started playing survivor, and was pretty lousy at that, but a lot of stuff I learned from playing survivor helped me get better at playing killer, and then as I got better at playing killer I was able to use the stuff I learned there to get better at playing survivor.
                Thanks brotha, catch ya on the flip flop
                    Ash mains unite!
                Hello fellow ash mains gotta say it was so satisfying Seeing our groovy boy escape he really caught him on the flip flop
    Hello groovy brethren
    I wanted to be an ash main so bad but after they gave him the treatment worse than Freddy the first go around I decided not to spend money on him.
That is the Ash Williams way.
Ghostfaces seem to all be toxic trash lol
    Ghostfaces are either the memeist shits you'll ever encounter or toxic trash, yes.
        I've noticed this too. Never seen such polarity before.
        I’ve only encountered the toxic trash variant
        And there's no in between
        or you know people just play him because he is interesting and fun and decently strong? i only use crouch to sneak up on people, i dont even think about tbagging
    [deleted]
        laughs in EXPOSED anyways cuz its broken
            [deleted]
                Yeah thats the way to do it
                o can u explain more, please?
                    [deleted]
                        I had no idea. I’ve yelled out loud playing with friend “I’m staring at him why the hell am I not revealing him”
                            The power of stealth!
                        So why doesn’t it reveal him I look at him in the middle of my screen :(
                            dunno
                            Need to look at him for a few secs before he is revealed, even longer if he use add-on.
                                I know he needs time to be revealed, but the music that indicates you’re staring to reveal him doesn’t proc
                            Should be fixed with the latest update.
                                I sure hope so
    Nah, I find Pyramid Heads to be more toxic, since it's built in their mechanic they can tunnel you disgustingly without remorse.

Ghostfaces are fun.
        Honestly the most broken thing about pyramid head is his ability to go into his ranged power at almost full speed and still m1 someone.
            This 100%.  He has the ability to punish windows and pallets with the strength of Huntress but with zero of the drawbacks.  Huntress slows down and has draw time and holster time, PH absolutely does not.

If the PH is smart, he places his sword in the ground to continue chase near a pallet at nearly the same speed.  If pallet gets dropped, easy ranged attacked punish.  If the survivor continues running, the cooldown to get back to M1 status is so little that it's almost a guaranteed hit before the next loop.
        Their mechanic is built for tunneling?
            I didn't say "it's built for" like they designed with that purpose. It's just that in their mechanic it's built that they can tunnel. If someone gets unhooked without BT, he can avoid DS by just sending the guy to a cage.

And I don't know if they've already changed it, but you were also able to see the cage, so they can go to your cage and keep tunneling you.
                Ah. And they changed the ability for PH to see survivors auras in the cage
    I found a diamond in the rough the other day. Playing a duo with two randoms... our randoms straight up died on the first hook with 4 gens still needing to be done and he let us both live. He said he felt bad for us 😂 but legit the randoms who were downed (especially if it was their first down) either DCd or suicided. It was the worst day to play survivor.
    I main ghost face and I always give the hatch to the last guy.
    I’m not =(
    I just vibe with him 😓
    I main ghostface and it's honestly disappointing to see all the toxic shitstains who play him. They'll tbag after every down, camp while in stealth mode and expose anyone who comes for the rescue and generally just taunt people
        Even if the ghost face player isn’t being a dick, the shitty exposed mechanics make the game insufferable to play. 

The counter to getting exposed is standing still and having to wait for 10 minutes to try and reveal him. Even if they’re not being a dick, if there is a gf in my game I usually just give up because it’s always the most boring shit ever.

Not to mention the chances of encountering a normal gf is near enough 0
    Ghostface is also hilariously broken right now. Stare right at him with cover between you and he doesn't break out of stealth.
    Well... I'm not...
Fucking. Gold. I main ghostface and im glad to see his ass put in his place
Get fucking rekt
This is the perfect example for " It aint over until the fat lady sings"
Killers who do this are not loved by their parents. No other idea why a person would do this kind of dishonorable shit. He deserved this, absolutely. And he will remember it for weeks now, I promise you.

From all honorable Killer mains I say - this is great.
Glorious
That was beautiful.
that felt so good, and i’m not even playing
That guy teabagged in the wrong realm. Get fucked, Bitchface.
best karma ever
Had a funny encounter like that. My friend and I were the last two alive and both of us were on our first hook but no one left to get us off. The killer was T-bagging like crazy around me and my friend yeeted himself off the hook. I was like ok my turn and somehow yeeted myself off the hook. I had a key so we were both able to get out. The killer was not very happy at all especially when we found it funny he was tagging and we got out.
cant believe he tried to kill you after you jumped off tbh. i always respect the 4%.
    Why? I'm a killer main and I just hate these made up rules. I don't play in toxic ways like camping etc., but I don't go like "I guess this social rule says that I'm not allowed to win the game now, tough luck". I'm gonna be downvoted but I have accepted it.
        It is a made up rule, but this one is more on the lines of respect because they got out out of pure chance, and those chances are very low. Me, personally, if they got out with that 4% chance while I know everyone else is dead, I’d leave them alone for a little bit. 

Also, you still technically won the game as long as you got at least 2 sacrifices. At least that’s how I see it. Can’t speak for everyone else. I know as a survivor I would win, in my opinion, if I was able to complete 2 or 3 gens, saved people from hooks, and heal them. Escaping is a bonus for me personally.
            Especially if you get enough points to pip even if you died. No reason that wouldn't count as a win.
            The fact that it's just RNG makes it a stupid rule in my opinion. I'm not gonna spare someone out of respect because they were literally just lucky. But yeah, if I'm in the middle of a chase and the survivor get's the 4%, I'll just move on haha

But yeah, two kills is a win, dependint on the toxicity od the survivors haha
        the entity told you to spare them.
gg ez
Why are all ghostface players such losers? Like seriously fuck yall
    On behalf of all Ghostface players, we do not claim those assholes
        Yeah he's definitely not one of us
    I like him because of the tbag and because of the movie
    Wtf mannnnn all I do as him is be ghosty boi and stalk
I just wanna know what he said after lmfao
It's always a Ghostface
wE dOnT kNoW wHaT tHe SuRviVoR Did To DeSeRVE ThaT
Bro why did he swipe at you he shoulda closed hatch
    he traded skills and intelligence for toxicity
    I'm guessing it was because I had run him pretty hard a few times and he was never able to down me until then and was just happy that he got me. I mean really, who expects THAT to happen?!?!?!
        Expect the unexpected
Rookie. 

Should\`ve spammed space button and do whatever he wanted. He hit you instead. Punished for being bad.
What were the comments?
This is golden lol. You can clearly see his panic with that hit.
As a killer main, this was satisfying to watch.
NOOOOO I WANTED TO SEE THE POST GAME CHAT
Thats the luckiest thing Ive ever seen in my 2 years of playing
    That was the luckiest thing I've done in my 3 and a half years of playing. That may have been the luckiest thing I've ever done in any video game I've ever played.
I love doing that in front of those killers especially a legion who hooks most of the survivors at the beginning then circles all of them until they die just going through that hatch feels so good😂
That's karma right there
That guy 100% deserved that, this is one of the very few instances were I will applaud the 4%
Thats what the fuck he gets
It was the most Ash thing I've seen an Ash player do. Groovy!
And killers mains will say to this clip “well I bet you were with a swf being toxic to him with 4 flash lights gen rushing I bet, he just did the same thing back”
it went WAY smoother than i expected, holy shit good timing man xD
This is one of those times were gg ez is allowed to be said
The Planets have aligned for this opportunity. He is the ONE TRUE MORTY
    This was the greatest compliment I have ever received.
I see a ton of "killer mains will say xyz" posts, but no actual posts with killers defending the gf. It's like people here WANT to be mad about whichever side they play less of.
I don't know this game . What happened?
    Wait, did this make it to the front page? Huh, wow.

Well then, an explanation for those who don't know the game and so don't understand. In a nutshell:

That hatch on the ground is a second chance win condition for the players playing as Survivor. It only opens when only 1 of the 4 Survivors is left and allows them to escape (the goal of Survivor is to escape) without having to complete all objectives.

The person playing as Ghost Face was taunting the last Survivor by holding them, and then hooking them, near the hatch. (Plus the teabagging after.) However, a hooked Survivor can attempt to escape from the hook (up to 3 times) if it's their first time being hooked (3 hooks = dead) with a 4% chance of success.

The Survivor succeed in unhooking himself just as the hatch opened, allowing him to escape right in front of his toxic opponent who'd thought he'd won.
i hate teabagging, no matter who does it. nice one turning the tables on him!
Omg very new to this sub and DbD I sorted this sub for Top posts of all time, this is currently #2 and deservedly so lol
Omg very new to this sub and DbD I sorted this sub for Top posts of all time, this is currently #2 and deservedly so lol
I don’t get how people say that “survivors are more toxic”. Look at us this way, you’re an asshole trying to kill four of us. We can’t kill you, we can only use a flashlight that doesn’t work half the time and wooden palettes that are only in so many areas. We have to spend valuable time repairing generators that you can see throughout the map, so forgive us if we try to get away from or distract you from other survivors and you get mad.
Outside the subject but what's the best way to close the hatch as killer stand close to hatch and spam hatch close button or hold hatch close button when it opens?
    they can just stand on top of it and youre screwed.
    ... why even need to do this? In 999/1000 situations killers will be able to close the hatch just fine without any survivors near.
Why is it always ghostfaces I see being so fucking toxic and then getting bodied by hook escapes
Fucker deserved it.
Nice!
    You edited your comment lol
        I didn't.
I guarantee you were thinking HAHA FUCK YOU
This is my nightmare
LOL that comeback tho
Incredible
Top tier username
Hahahaha
I once had a spirit drop me next to the hatch, closed it once I got close, and then hooked me. It was so sad.
This is beauty in its purest form.
What an asshole
literally gasped out loud - incredible
Beautiful karma
Groovy
Groovy.

Ash main for life.
Sweet sweet justice. You love to see it.
So perfect.
clips like this give me life
"Get fucked"
God is on your side
Lol
Wow, that’s awesome. Lol He 100% got what his toxic self deserved!
Groovy
Niiiiice😂😂😂
Whats up with ghostfaces either being really nice or just super toxic lol.
What game is this
What's this game thoooo
4% is enough!!!
I did 4% into dstrike and the hatch opened yesterday
Sorry stupid question here, why did the hatch reopen?
    Easy answer: it was never open to begin with
I love this. So much, especially since it's a Ghostface. GG's my guy!
you stomped the ground so hard when you kobed you opened the hatch at the perfect time lol
The disappointment when he looked down at the hatch
Really wanted to see the endgame chats😂😂
Ahhhh sweet sweet justice
Somehow always a ghostface..
The most Ash Williams style escape... love it.
*perfection*
We need ti see the end game chat after escaoes like these
Groooooooooovy
That’s a killer being stupid for not spam close the hatch.... and yeah he deserves it for being toxic
Last week I had a killer that put the 3rd Survivor on a hook 20-feet from the hatch. I was already hurt but opted to risk it by standing on the hatch. 3rd guy sacrificed as I entered the dying state. He picked me up AS the hatch opened.

I had 1 second left for Decisive strike, I hit it, he dropped me & I escaped. It was glorious!
Ow man, I had so many trollers as a killer last night. TF
Omfg hahahhaa thats amazing-!!!
i would have say in chat "ez game" even thought i barely escape but lmao that was iconic
NICE!
He had the numbers 😎
i wanna see the endgame chat now lmao
It’s always a ghost face that’s likes to ruin people day but then gets backfired allot lol
LMAO EZ
Its moments like these that make dead by daylight so fun to play.
Fucking beautiful. You put this fake Ghostface in his place.
Now that's a epic gamer move
u/Vredditdownloader
    *beep. boop.* 🤖 I'm a bot that helps downloading videos 
##[Download via reddit.tube](https://reddit.tube/d/KjYrwJN)

[Audio only](https://v.redd.it/tousn9woy4951/audio)

I also work with links sent by PM.

[Download more videos from deadbydaylight](https://www.reddit.tube/category/deadbydaylight)

 ***  
^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)&#32;|&#32;[Support&#32;me&#32;❤](https://www.paypal.me/synapsensalat)&#32;|&#32;[Github](https://github.com/JohannesPertl/vreddit-downloader)
I’m 100% happy this happened haha
i don't get it. usually if i'm the last survivor and I get hooked for the first time, i immediately get sacrificed to entity. how did this guy get off?
    I got hooked right as my teammate's sacrifice was still finishing up so I was just barely able to get a shot to Kobe. As long as the sacrifice sequence is technically not completely finished, you can still get a chance to Kobe.
    Teammate wasn't marked as dead yet, so he wasn't the last one left. Ghost Face hooked too soon to prevent the Kobe.
HAHAHAA
What game?
Spawn hatch directly under a hook GG BHVR
Ik he was toxic but still ghostface bby you ok?😭
Groovy
Groovy
That's my proudest fap
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH BRU LMAO HE HELLA RAGE
i wish the icon for survived was changed to a middle finger
[Survival MAX](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/016/911/mcmahongif.jpg)
Similar thing happened to me today with me and my 2 friends, except it was a 3 way escape, I head on’ed a ghost face with noed and escaped, friend on a hook used DS and deliverance to escape, and because the ghost face tbagged and gave time for my friend to use deliverance crawled and found hatch
RNGesus blessing Ash with the holy 4% and at just the right time. And all that Ghostface would have had to do is spam R1 on hatch but instead his sweaty ass mashed attack in a fit of sheer desperation. The odds, the absolute odds. Probability has never made me so rock hard before.
Imagine being such a righteous dillhole that you go out of your way to ruin a *game* for someone else. I'm so glad you got to give him the biggest finger possible lmao.
Klatu
I love to see that, but as a killer, I also love it the other way around
THIS IS SO FUNNY HAHAHAHA
Eleventh it
Small brain. Just press space.
Eleventh
I want a mori where if the killer closes a hatch on survivor it will break the survivors leg
That’s such an Ash thing to happen too lmao
Bwhahaaahaaa that’s brilliant
Man so much ghostface hate here, I don't understand it, he's literally not even that powerful, coming from a GF main
Bruh
Dude's just keeps repeating "A"
Best escape video
Can someone explain what’s going on? I don’t even know what game this is
Ouch. That’s gotta hurt! 😂
Fuckin scumbag get slammed lol
If you hump your opponents, I just assume you only had one girlfriend who was really just a girl you liked but never talked to and your parents probably don't love you.
Nice, I bet they were pissed off
Satisfying
I have never once filled the bar. Did it get a lot easier to escape in the last year or so?
That was satisfying as fuck
I just happened to watch this with "The Ecstasy of Gold" playing in the background.  Pretty fucking epic
It’s always the ghost face....
The odds of that
Lmao clutch escape
! “It’s not acceptable for a killer to act like that.” Ect. 
Idk about some of you, but I play this game aloooot and sometimes the ol’ chase and hook of the game gets stale. It’s fun to be a little troll every once in a while as a killer/survivor. Does it make you a douche? Eh, maybe. It’s a game and sometimes you have to make a game fun for yourself again. Even if that means being satan himself. Plus you get to see videos like this! Worth it! 
But holy sh*t what luck he put you right in front of the hatch and with that 4% kicking it!
Whenever i taunt a survivor with hatch aka drop them close to it and shut it, it’s cause I know them from a previous game and I’m clowning with them. They gate exit gate right after
u/Vredditdownloader
    *beep. boop.* 🤖 I'm a bot that helps downloading videos 
##[Download via reddit.tube](https://reddit.tube/d/KjYrwJN)

[Audio only](https://v.redd.it/tousn9woy4951/audio)

I also work with links sent by PM.

[Download more videos from deadbydaylight](https://www.reddit.tube/category/deadbydaylight)

 ***  
^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)&#32;|&#32;[Support&#32;me&#32;❤](https://www.paypal.me/synapsensalat)&#32;|&#32;[Github](https://github.com/JohannesPertl/vreddit-downloader)
See I sometimes take people to the hatch while making it look like I'm barrelling towards a hook next to it but then slam it in their face THEN take them to an exit gate and let them escape that way. I love toying with emotions but ending it on a positive note.
This might be the greatest thing i've ever seen.
It always sucks to be a Survivor that deals with toxic Killers and vice versa. I never taunt the Killer unless I'm trying to draw them away from my teammates (tbagged a Legion once to try to get him to stop face camping a hook, that's all I can remember), but if I'm playing Killer and I finally down the toxic clicky tbagger you bet your ass I'm gonna hit him on hook.
Don’t play with your prey
You know he was probably gonna let you go but you wanted to wiggle smh
    No he wasn't because he had tried to slug for the 4k and camped out near the slug in stealth mode, which drew me out trying to be a good teammate and pick her up, but she never recovered so I ended up getting into a chase, dead harded to a pallet stun and luckily he lost me. I then went around the map trying to loot a medkit when he decided to finally hook the slug. I stumbled into the hatch but he found me, slugged me, and where the clip begins is him picking me up right before I could Unbreakable out of there to see if I could lure him away from the hatch and try to get lucky that way.
And then the salt!
YA LOVE TO SEE IT
Welp fair enough, fuck that nerd lmao
This reminds me of one of my earliest games as survivor. The killer sacrificed me and the Claudette was just running around the Hatch trying to alert the killer. However, the killer was a huntress and downed her 1m away from the Hatch before bodyblocking and closing it. It was honestly hilarious how pissed off the Claudette was in endgame chat
This warms my heart ❤
I've never gone from outraged to satisfied so fast! r/instantkarma
I main as a killer and I love this! It’s always satisfying to get a little payback on the toxics lol
Did you teabag? Is that why he did that?
Deserved
Damn
fucking toxic Ghostface as usual! should have tbagged back before jumping in xD
This is the best
People wonder why GFs are toxic, it’s just a killer kids can see as looking cool so I’d bet a lot that majority of GF mains are under 16 years old
u/VredditDownloader
    *beep. boop.* 🤖 I'm a bot that helps downloading videos 
##[Download via reddit.tube](https://reddit.tube/d/KjYrwJN?t=1594820795)

[Audio only](https://v.redd.it/tousn9woy4951/audio)

I also work with links sent by PM.

[Download more videos from deadbydaylight](https://www.reddit.tube/category/deadbydaylight)

 ***  
^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)
#fucthecampers
I would've let you leave
Ghostface is op
Nice
This is what happens to trollers!
Good one. Well deserved. Specially when the player uses noob killers and trolls you
Dude even teabagged him. The 4 percent spit on his ghost ass
The killer still technically won
u/VredditDownloader
    *beep. boop.* 🤖 I'm a bot that helps downloading videos 
##[Download via reddit.tube](https://reddit.tube/d/KjYrwJN?t=1596503894)

If I don't reply to a comment, send me the link [per message.](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=VredditDownloader&subject=Download&message=Put%20your%20reddit%20video%20link%20here%20and%20click%20send%20)

[Download more videos from deadbydaylight](https://www.reddit.tube/category/deadbydaylight)

 ***  
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)&#32;|&#32;[Contact&#32;creator](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=-botbert)
That 4% coming in clutch
Has the 4% increased? I had a game the other day where two survivors did it back to back without deliverance!

:0
YOU FUCKING LEGEND
[removed]
Deserved it.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
HAHAHABAHA
hi
Oh no he lost some blood points bet that killer was enraged good job with the luck
If I was killer I'd be lmao
this is unreal.
https://discord.gg/SG8Mtka2
YAAAAAAAAS. That was so satisfying. Hate 👻 face
Lol this was funny, but seeing other people karma always funny regardless of the side
This is the best thing I've seen all year lol
This is so satisfying. And ghost face nonetheless!
Dumbass can’t see keys in his hand
LOL FUCK HIM. That's what he gets.
i can't even begin to imagine the messages after that match lol
maybe the survivor was toxic before that? who knows he might have teabagged or flashlight clicked. killers aren’t always the douchebags. if a survivor is toxic to me I am also toxic in return.
I had a round there was one hem left and I was being chased by the killed for 5 full minites and the other alive survivor didn't fix the gen, I died and she had been camping inside a locker the entire game :|
u/amln_86
Still the best post of the year
Yall still here
That’s what he gets for being a prick         Edit:worded in a bad way
    tell that to the ghostface
        That’s what I was trying to imply my bad
Legendary skill my friend！
What a comfortable video.
Depends if you were the first to be a dickhead t baging and all. Otherwise fuck this guy
Lol did you message him to rub it in? I hope so dumbass deserves it. Thats why you don't tbag dumbfuck. Downvote me you pussy bitch killers
Unpopular opinion, maybe, but if a survivor is wiggling while I try to give hatch I’ll just hook him, it’s annoying to deal with and god forbid if they actually escape grasp and I lose emblem points
    Definitely. I try spinning around, hitting the air.. But in another post here on Reddit some dude told me they let the survivors wiggle free and look for the hatch together so I was willing to give that a shot. 
So I do the usual, hit air, spin around. Survivor still wiggles but I let Meg wiggle free, got her again and I walked past so many hooks I thought it was obvious I was looking for the hatch. In the end I let her wiggle out twice and she kept running and hiding until she found the hatch on her own. I was a sad Trapper.
I witnessed something similar happen. We were playing against a tunneling, camping doctor and I had died saving my friend (who also died not long after.) and the last survivor was downed and carried to the hatch. He placed her down and shut the hatch in front of her and stood next to the hook nearby shaking his head. She had adrenaline and popped back up. She took one look at him and used the key she had in her hand that he either didn’t see or forgot about. God seeing him try to rush forward and hit her was PRICELESS.
i just let the last ones go. why not? if they don’t troll me they can leave
Ghostface is so boring to go against. I absolutely love playing as or against a Michael but Ghostface is just annoying.
    how come
u/vredditdownloader
    *beep. boop.* 🤖 I'm a bot that helps downloading videos 
##[Download via reddit.tube](https://reddit.tube/d/KjYrwJN)

[Audio only](https://v.redd.it/tousn9woy4951/audio)

I also work with links sent by PM.

[Download more videos from deadbydaylight](https://www.reddit.tube/category/deadbydaylight)

 ***  
^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)&#32;|&#32;[Support&#32;me&#32;❤](https://www.paypal.me/synapsensalat)&#32;|&#32;[Github](https://github.com/JohannesPertl/vreddit-downloader)
        Good bot
This is called "counting your chickens before they've...Hatched"
Haha - get fucked killer
What exactly did the Killer do here?  I am not familiar with the game.
    The killer was pretending like they were going to let the last survivor go.  The hatch on the ground opens when there's only one survivor left, so the killer was pretending "Here, I brought you to the hatch so you can leave when the other survivor dies."

Except instead, the killer waited til the last second and threw the survivor on the hook instead.  So the killer intended on killing the last survivor regardless, but decided to troll him by carrying him to the escape hatch and pretending instead.  Killer then got unlucky when the survivor succeeded the 4% chance to jump off the hook and got through the hatch before the killer could close it.
        Ah I kinda see now.

Is there any incentive for the killer to let the last survivor go though?
            No. Its seen as a "hey you played well heres an escape" sort of thing. However, some survivors have gotten to the point where they expect it.
                What's the survivor advantage to escaping?  Is that like a personal win but not a team win?
                    gives them 5000 extra points and better emblem progress (emblems are what you get to rank up)
                    There isn't exactly a "team" win, per se. The main objective of Survivors I to escape, but it's an individual objective. You just can't do it without help, so you have to cooperate with the other Survivors. The closest to a team win is everyone escaping, which is rare. Game's balanced toward 2 dying 2 escaping, which is about the over all average.
            There isn’t one, some killers do it for different reasons (Respect for the survivor, pity for a bad team/a DC, or just because).  This video is BM/trolling because the killer *pretended* they were going to let the survivor go, then tried to kill him anyway.

If the killer had just killed him, it would have been just like any other game.  Instead, the killer walked him to the exit, then did a dance on his corpse.  In this case, it backfired and the survivor got away.
            Nah. But sometimes they do because they feel the player deserved it for whatever reason, or they feel bad for them (I've let obviously mismatched Survivors go just because matchmaking fucked em hard), or it was just a really good game and why not?
This is an amazing clip!

Personally though, I don't believe in "toxic" when it comes to gaming. You can play however you want, hence it's a video game. If it's allowed by the makers and you're not hacking, play however you want.

Just my 2 cents.
    Oh yeah, I tend to agree with you there and I definitely don't take anything in the game seriously except for the hate mail. After my first week of playing about 3 years ago I had to set my Xbox Live messenger to Friends Only because of the sheer amount of hate messages I was getting even as a brand new player. I can only imagine how bad it would be now 3000 hours later if I turned it back on. Aside from that everything else I just laugh along with and try to have fun.
    So you'd be ok with the Killer body blocking you in a corner for 6 hours?
        I don't have 6 hours for one single match. I'd probably find it fun to try to get out. If I was the last one left, with me needing the hatch or gates and it took too long, I'd just quit the game. Otherwise, the others would be able to do gens, exit gate, and I'd eventually die from timer
            My point is "it's just a game" is a shit excuse to enable bad behavior.
was going to upvote then i saw the small pp unbreakable ds
You guys were probably being toxic before hand.
His 4 percent chance said fuck you to the killer
    This 4 percent knew what was his role
        It worked out in the best of ways haha.
    Respect the 4%
karma has a way of showing up at the most opportune times
Will do!
    So how was the fuck
        He can no longer walk, he almost died from the shock.
            sounds like a typical night
            ****He didn’t appreciate my barging into the house****
            Did he die from a crushed pelvis?
            r/holup
        Noice
            Noice!
                Noice
    I second that
        I third that
            i fourth that
                I fifth that
                    I sixth that
                        seventh
                            eighth
                                I CAN ONLY COUNT TO 8 ? WHAT'S NEXT ?!?!
                                Ninth
                            Eighth! That guy deserved that shit.
                                I infinity that
        The sloppiest of seconds!
    r/dbdgonewild
    Wait what
Yeah it's not cool when survivors do it so it's not cool when the killer does it either
    Well, if they did it first, it's totally called for.
    Nope
Sorry this might have been me
    He got like 14k up votes and it's not like you're the only toxic dbd fan lol
Killer main. Ghostboi TOTALLY deserved it. I think the most asshole thing a killer can do in this game is taunt a survivor with the hatch. The killers that bring survivors to hatch, drop them, and slam the hatch shut in their face are ACTUAL fucking psychopaths.
    I had that happen but hatch was in shack and I had adrenaline. Sometimes karma’s on your side, I ended up escaping because the troll was a total idiot as they usually are
    I had this Huntress carry me around the entire Mother’s Dwelling to find hatch, drop me near it, close it and hook me. It took her 2 minutes to find it. I was pretty certain she just wanted to give me hatch at this point. Her explanation: “I wanted bloodpoints for closing it AND a kill”. Pathetic ass. Why do I never do it  as Killer and yet have it done to me so often?
        Isn’t it like 500 for closing the hatch? Not even worth it 😂
        I remember when I thought closing hatch gave me more bloodpoints, so I would take the last survivor and release them near an exit gate, close the hatch and let them open gate instead...

It's just a lot more simple to give them hatch. So I do that now.
        Dat 250 points will get her to P3 for sure.

I hear that excuse all the time too btw. I don't understand why dick Killers don't embrace their dickiness. My favourite is the "No I left hook" argument when they haven't noticed Kindred in the perk list. Yeah Boi, we see you.
    I do this but then carry them to the door and let them out. Bp is king
    i only did that once because of archives otherwise i let them go
        Were you a doctor on the stranger things map?
            no
                Damn
            I think I was in that match, the doctor brought the last survivor to the hatch then closed it and then Mori’d them
            That may have been me...
                I was a claudette, p1. Did you have the plague doctor outfit?
                    Ah, no, been running base Doctor recently and I'm pretty sure it was a Meg.
        Just let them have door after, simple and it makes you not a complete asshole
            i had to hook during egc
            No.
    I kind of did that but the nea was in a 4 man swf and was camping hatch waiting for friend to escape so I downed her and waited a bit for her to crawl towards it then closed it and got the hook
    One time I mori'd a survivor while they were straight on **top of an open hatch**. What does that make me?

^(I got bullied hardcore my last game, I wanted to vent at the time.)
        An actual monster
        A fucking douchebag
        Nothing; it's just a game and people need to chill out on both sides.
        I feel really bad for some survivors because there are just some games you need to vent and be a total fucking asshole. 


Had a game where I got bullied hard with flashlights and head on for like 30 mins while they basically never did gens, and the next match I equipped my best add ons, took an ebony mori, and was just a massive prick all game.
            > some games you just need to be a total asshole

No offense, I get where you're coming from, but doing this is just repeating the cycle of toxicity in this game.

If you're a massive prick to some innocent survivors in a game as a way to vent, that could be what motivates them then equip flashlights in their next game and be teabagging assclowns to some innocent killer.

And then maybe that killer does the same next game, and so the cycle goes on. Only way to break it is to just not care, or vent outside the game by not playing it. Otherwise you're just part of the problem.
                When the whole point of the game is two opposing teams trying to counter each other in an ongoing scenario of killer vs survivor, doesn't that just keep the game going?

Isn't the actual problem when people come to reddit?
                Never said it was a positive way to vent, but I genuinely enjoy it sometimes. 


I'm never actually toxic, so if me using a Mori and a good build makes people flashlight click spam and tbag their next game, they were probably going to do it anyway.
                    You just said you were a massive prick all game. Also, you could say the same thing about them. If them tbagging makes you bring an ebony mori and play like a dick you were probably going to anyways.
            Such is the circle of life.

I wish I knew which survivors were trained professional bullies so I dont get caught with my pants down playing non-meta killers for dailies. If I knew ahead of time if a survivor had every intention on bullying me, I'd be running my anti-bully Huntress build on them. But sometimes we just have to eat shit for their amusement. Up until the penalties were introduced, I'd just disconnect if it got out of control, which a lot of the times it did.

You know that scene in Stepbrothers where the protagonists got their asses handed to them by all those children and they forced him to lick white dog poo? That's Dead by Daylight.

... I should make a video for that.
                You know they're trained professional bullies because they're playing survivor!
                    Shit u rite
            I disagree. There are some matches where people are pricks. Best just to ignore them. Most of the time they do this against a person that they know is a new level 1 killer for that killer and they taunt and act stupid. This happened to me with my first match as Huntress on Auto Haven. Just ignore douchebags like that and move on. I definitely would have DC if within 30 minutes, no gens were done. I've never even played a match for that long. Longest one was me and Lorie as only ones left in Hospital against Pyramid Head with 2 gens left. We both escaped cause I distracted him while he carried her and she broke free.
        Depends, did you get them as they were running to the hatch ? Or did you down them and carry them to the hatch and Mori them ? If it’s the former - really lucky. The latter - dickhead
        It makes The Entity pleased, and thats all that matters.
    I’m just gonna say, do we all feel the same for survivors who do this kinda stuff? Bully the shit out of the killer and wait at the exit for as long as possible just to make sure the killer sees them tbagging. Or the ones that make tons of noise next to the hatch and tbag right on top of it taunting the killer. I’m just saying let’s feel the same way both ways
        We do.
            Yeah I don't know what this guy is on about. The only people who don't feel that way are survivors who do it. Same as the people who don't feel badly about this GF taunting are people who troll as killer
        People on this sub complain about that often and gets upvoted for it. I'm not sure what you're trying to get at here, neither behavior are acceptable.
    As a new killer main I also don't stand for shitty team  mates, had a guy sell another guy out so I let the one who was betrayed go and killed the others
    I run adrenaline specificly for that reason🥰
    i assume sometimes they just close it for the points/challenges and not losing the track of the survivor but yeas psycho traumed kids everywhere, online gaming sucks
    I always do that after a entity displeased streak.
    As are survivors that literally lead me to the hatch only to escape when they could've just ended the game once it opened.
    Sometimes I do it for challenges because the chances of me finding hatch before they get consumed by the entity is slim
    I always do this to the survivor to make them have a mini heart attack and then let them open the exit gate to make them go through a lot in a few seconds
    A buba did that to me and I ended up having adrenaline and my bf had brought a key and I know where he dropped it so I can to get it and left
    I did that once to a meg thinking it would be really funny but once it was done I felt like a total dick. I ended up bringing her to the gate for her to open it. She opened it, walked to the end, started dancing, i started dancing, and that went on until she realized end game clock was about to run out so she went for it but ran out of time.
    I posted about this and everyone shitted on me and called me a whiny baby. I wasn’t even whining I was saying that as a killer main I’ve never done that and wouldn’t because it’s a dick move.
    My favourite moment is when I have a key in that scenario :D

(if I don't have a key I rotate and don't go closer it makes them soooo mad)
    Though doing that would fit the Ghostface lore pretty well
    You're forgetting about the terrible things survivor mains do. What you just said was nothing. Maybe play the fucking game so you can understand.
    So I did something smart, I had someone who was Moriable so I brought them to the hatch (second to last person) and killed them in front of it NOT because I wanted to taunt them, but because I wanted to shut it immediately. The survivor ran towards it half a second to late, meaning if I didn’t kill them in front of it they would have escaped. I won the game 4/4. Would you consider this psychopathic?
    you seem to take this game a bit too seriously
I really doubt it because some people believe it or not don’t give a fuck
I think that the killer wanted to give him the hatch, but because he resisted he got pissed off and hung him. If it is like that, I don't think he deserved it
He isnt in the tall grass anymore
I think ghosty ended up eating his grits.
I don't stream or YouTube, I only play just to play, and only play on Xbox as well so I only have the very basic clip function on there which is why it's only a 30 second clip of the very very end, but this entire game was just weird from start to finish. This was the one time I really wish I had a capture of a whole game because it really adds so much context to the ending here that makes it even funnier.
    Well don’t leave us in suspense. What else happened??
        I need to know too! Commenting this to remember to come back lol
            same. updates!
                guess he ded
    on the xbox there’s a function to record the last 5 mins
        Xbox: cool, I’ll just record a random thirty second clip!
            you can customize the default settings. but if its recording 30 seconds, its supposed to be the last 30.
                Got a no scope warzone finish, clicked record what happened/last two minutes. Got a thirty second clip of where I fell off the roof and nearly died.
                    supposed^TM

at least you get to enjoy falling off the roof though. I imagine that was on the previous attempt at pulling off the shot
        You used to be able to record longer too, but I don't know how now. I think it was at least up to 15 minutes back.
    Did you spam “ez” to his inbox?
    Oh yep, same. I wish there was an easier way to record entire matches but sadly the longest you can do is only 10 minutes
    I actually prefer it this way there are annoying dbd channels that will pad out 2-3 funny moments with a dull as fuck 15 minute play
    PS4 can record the whole match, shame Switch and Xbox are lacking on that
        Only if you pre set the timer to 15-30 min. Which no sane person does.
            You mean a timer for Xbox?
                PlayStation. You can only record the entire match if you:

 Start recording when the match starts, which doesn't make sense because you can't predict the future

 Set the timer to always record the last 30 min.
    Was gunna ask what the killer said but I guess you can’t type on Xbox
    If you start recording at the beginning of the game you can record up to 10 mins! Most games last longer but I haven't figured out how to change the recording time to longer or make it so I have to stop it manually. The 30 secs is cool and you can use it in game if you're somewhere you can stop for a sec but I definitely wish there was a way to record gameplay easier as well
    you never answered what else happened that game?
In know what you mean I feel a bit bad like sorry Bruce
I’m that 1/10 I’ll give you hatch, let you pallet me, be friends, sure I’d hook you but I’ll keep track and help you farm -love ghostface main
    Thank you kind Whassup man.
        Your welcome it’s fun to get the crouch chain around the map and pretend to help on gens
    Pleaase dont farm, its boring af
        Well it can be nice for those survivors having a bad strain of games it gives them a bit of humor and some extra points
I’m on ps4. I’ve never seen a ghost face I didn’t hate. The players are so toxic and his kit is bullshit.
I'm a Ghost Face main and like to think that I'm one of the few nice ones. I might let the last one or two go if the survivors have given me a reason to respect them. Sometimes I might just feel nice randomly as well, so I might let them go anyways (though my mind might change based on their in-game behaviour, for example teabagging etc).
The power of the tea bag souls never have been given to a killer as good as ghostface.
If you do anything like that you're obviously not competent..
Mannn, I miss playing against Wraiths that don’t know how to decloak 😭😭
    I actually may have gone against one once now that I think of it. I just thought they were trolling but when they finally uncloaked, they started slaughtering us all
    Played against a Wraith last night who kept trying to break a gen and couldn’t understand why it wasn’t working... my friend was working on it on the other side. Since he couldn’t break the gen he turned around and left. Also straight up walked by me on a gen at one point. Lol.
Yeah a lot of Ghostface players are legit assholes
This is my experience with Ghostfaces, too. Tunneling, tbagging etc. for no reason. GF has the most buggy and bs mechanic in the game tbh. I hate going against GFs. I’m not saying he’s OP, but they should rework him, because revealing him is still a joke.
    I don't know why they looked at Huntress' broken hitboxes and decided "what if *Survivors* had to use those hitboxes *but the projectile was their* **eyes!**"
        Just DBD things. They did a pretty good job again.
As a member of the ghostboi cult, fuck that guy. If you’re proxycamping with ghostface you’re doing it wrong. Facecamping is next level fuckery
Ghostface mains are fucking assholes
Hey you chill. Ghost face used to be my main for a long time and I don’t play like that. I don’t camp or tbag. I stalk and hook like a good ghost face.
    In my entire time playing this game I've met like maybe 3 nice Ghostface players, one of them being a really good friend of mine. (And even then he isn't really "nice" so much as he "isn't a complete fucking tool." He operates under the mindset of "I play to win regardless of what other people think", unlike most Ghostface players who seem to operate under the mindset of "I play to make the other side angry because then I can put the post-game chat into my epic griefing montage!!!!111 XDDDDDD")

I obviously can't say without a doubt that truly *every* Ghostface camps, tunnels, and plays like a toxic asshole. But it's such an impressively wide margin it astounds me. All the other usual suspects (Spirit, Leatherface, Hag, Wraith, arguably Demogorgon?) don't play nearly as scummy nearly as often as Ghostface players. I've been camped less by Leatherfaces and Hags than I have by Ghostfaces.

It's a shame too because he has a really great kit. I love playing against a good Ghostface who doesn't act like a complete fucking twat since he's a Killer who rewards genuine skill and good use of his power over cheesing broken loops or abusing cheap perks for an easy down. But the vast majority of Ghostfaces I play with will tunnel you for 3 gens and then camp you while teabagging you.
        I hope a Ghostface comes around that actually gives you a good experience! I get a lot of farming survivors when I'm playing him and my favorite thing to do is pretend to work on gens with them and conga line. He makes me feel more wholesome when I'm up against toxic survs. I only teabag if they do it first and then it becomes us nodding at each other, lol.
            Again I've had good experiences with Ghostface players and they're some of the best matches I've ever had. It's just that the vast, **VAST** majority of them are toxic asshats.
                That's really interesting to me. I guess I haven't played against very many. Just got into green ranks for the first time.
        I haven’t played against many ghost faces. Maybe 2 times ? But both were fine. I can see ghost faces being toxic but fortunately I haven’t had to deal with that yet
Not all Ghostie mains :( 

I normally meme with survivors when I can tell they've had a bad day.
I main Ghostface (when I play killer at all) with no add-ons and I never tunnel or camp, and I tend to give last survivor the hatch. 😢
As a person who plays Ghost Face I sincerely apologize and promise I don’t face camp.
when I used to main only killer, I thought survivors were the toxic ones. but recently I've started playing survivor more with my friends and it turns out people are toxic on both sides. it's like a cycle of toxicity and it really sucks because I don't know how to fix it
    Many survivors who always complain about toxic killers end up bring Moris, tunnel, camp, and are POS's when they play killer. Basically like you said some ppl are just toxic. Doesn't matter whether they choose survivor or killer.
        [deleted]
            Honestly I don’t mind the idea of Mori’ing, I just hate Memento Moris themselves. See I don’t feel like I’m being cheated when a perk like Devour Hope pops because it feels deserved. We didn’t find the hex in time and we suffered because of that and that’s fine. I hate when someone just pulls out their Ebony Mori and wins the game because they had an item that let them do so.
                Been saying the exact same thing since I properly started playing the game, shit like devour hope feel deserved because you need to work for it.
Equally I'd be fine if they just existed as a constant thing but only possible to do if the survivor is on death hook (a la pyramid head)
                Agreed. I don’t even use ebony’s anymore because, why? Especially people who mori off first hook. That’s bullshit.
                    I don’t use them because I think it’s bullshit when I get stuck with Ebony Mori killers who justify it with “BuT oThEr KiLlErS uSe ThEm”
            I'd be fine with Moris if they activated after second hook. After first hook is total bullshit and gives the survivors no chance if the killer is at least semi-competent.
            If they make it so Moris can only be done on 3rd hook I think it would be fair.
            or how about you can only be moried when you're on death hook, so it basically doesn't change everything, because the time it takes to mori is basically the time it'd take to be taken to a nearby hook? and maybe you get extra BP for mori kills, so now the item's purpose isn't to purposefully piss off survivors, but to gain some extra bp?  make it act like a BPS/surv pudding as well as a cosmetic item.
            And fuck keys as well. 

Nothing like having 3 survivors escape when there's still a gen left

They're both pointless in a game like this
                Or doing 4 gens by yourself and having your 2 left over shithead teammates just bounce on out after not doing anything the entire game. 

Seriously, why? It's almost always a death sentence for the last guy, especially since they almost always do it in a chase, so the killer immediately closes it.
        See this is a deep problem because just “bringing” Mori, that thing that you have a limited supply of, that’s rare and expensive on the bloodweb, is considered toxic for some reason. So now there are intentional power ups that 4/5 of the players in the match feel are unfun
            They're not even that rare, a commited player can quickly muster a huge supply of ebony mories on a killer and basically play a full mori gameplay for a long time. It's just like iri head, I don't even play huntress outside of dailies so I just leveled her to 50 and then a bit more to get some important perks but I have enough add-ons and moris to ruin between 20 and 30 games. That's huge, will probably last me forever. So yeah you can't just use them endlessly on paper, but let's be honest, in most cases when you want to whip a mori you have one available unless you really abused them.
            I see what you're saying. They're in the game, they should be able to use them. I honestly can't believe BHVR still has them in the game the eay they are though. They're miles away the most powerful thing in the entire game and basically guarantee a 4k. I have around 100 red Mori's saved up on my Hillbilly alone but I refuse to use any of them.
            Moris are just fucked as a concept. Cutting off a third of the entire game is just... Why. Who's idea was this.
    99% of the player base is fine, it's just a small minority of edgy teens trolling each other.

The vast majority of my games, everybody is nice and respectful to each other.

Whiners on Reddit have to constantly redefine what a toxic player is to maintain the illusion that this game has a bad base. The killer played fine but he brought a perk you don't like? TOXIC. The survivor didn't do anything wrong but map RNG produced several strong tiles in a row that made them difficult to catch? TOXIC. The killer picked a character you don't like? TOXIC. The survivor brought an item you don't like? TOXIC. 

The word has lost all meaning completely. Playing the game is toxic apparently.
        99% is a huge overstatement. There's at least 1 toxic guy every 5 matches who will try to taunt you. When you go to his profile you see that he has a recent VAC ban and is part of the Ochido steam group.
            That's really not been my experience at purple/red ranks. I think I've only run into one toxic survivor in weeks, and all he did was DC when he realized I was playing Spirit, which isn't great but also isn't exactly e-bullying lol. 

I get teabagged every once in a while but I honestly don't care about that and don't get why so many killer mains get triggered over it.
        I'm not so sure, whenever I play at night 70% of my games are toxic, but during the day its much more civil and the rankings work properly. I always only used to play at night so I was one of those whiners, it made me quit the games for month and i only just started up again recently.

I think the player base is smaller at night, which leads to less players and more "bullying" since you arnt matched up with your proper skill level. Toxicity is most certinally extremely prevalent in this game, but the strong perks and offerings on both sides encourage it.
            I think it depends on your region, my games at night pop more frequently and are significantly more balanced. I don't even try to play in the mornings anymore because the queues are so long
    How can you be toxic as a survivor? I’m too bad at the game to be toxic. I’d love to get to the point where I survive long enough to think about being toxic.
    I don't think there's anything we can do to fix it. The devs will have to step in but I don't see why they will do it, because it's a lot of effort to police behaviour for what is essentially unknown returns.
    There is no way to fix it unfortunately. I play both roles as well and go out of my way to be not toxic, we're all just playing a game here so let's try to make it fun for everyone.
Hello my my fellow Ash brethren! As soon as Ash got leaked I knew he was going to be my new main and he has remained so ever since.
    Recently Cheryl has pulled me away from Ashy Slashy but I’ll be returning to him very soon. I saw you said you’ve been playing for years so I was wondering if you had any tips for me? I’ve only been consistently playing for about 2 months, was on and off before that.
        In all honesty, the best tips I can give you is just keep practicing, play both sides as equally as possible because you'll learn a TON from getting both perspectives, and just have fun and don't take it too seriously. Even when you're getting BM'ed just laugh along with it, move on to the next game, and you'll be fine. Seriously, just keep playing and practicing and as long as you're willing to learn from your mistakes, you'll get better at it.

p.s. Again, play both sides! I started out as a killer main, and a pretty lousy one at that. Then started playing survivor, and was pretty lousy at that, but a lot of stuff I learned from playing survivor helped me get better at playing killer, and then as I got better at playing killer I was able to use the stuff I learned there to get better at playing survivor.
            Thanks brotha, catch ya on the flip flop
                Ash mains unite!
            Hello fellow ash mains gotta say it was so satisfying Seeing our groovy boy escape he really caught him on the flip flop
Hello groovy brethren
I wanted to be an ash main so bad but after they gave him the treatment worse than Freddy the first go around I decided not to spend money on him.
Ghostfaces are either the memeist shits you'll ever encounter or toxic trash, yes.
    I've noticed this too. Never seen such polarity before.
    I’ve only encountered the toxic trash variant
    And there's no in between
    or you know people just play him because he is interesting and fun and decently strong? i only use crouch to sneak up on people, i dont even think about tbagging
[deleted]
    laughs in EXPOSED anyways cuz its broken
        [deleted]
            Yeah thats the way to do it
            o can u explain more, please?
                [deleted]
                    I had no idea. I’ve yelled out loud playing with friend “I’m staring at him why the hell am I not revealing him”
                        The power of stealth!
                    So why doesn’t it reveal him I look at him in the middle of my screen :(
                        dunno
                        Need to look at him for a few secs before he is revealed, even longer if he use add-on.
                            I know he needs time to be revealed, but the music that indicates you’re staring to reveal him doesn’t proc
                        Should be fixed with the latest update.
                            I sure hope so
Nah, I find Pyramid Heads to be more toxic, since it's built in their mechanic they can tunnel you disgustingly without remorse.

Ghostfaces are fun.
    Honestly the most broken thing about pyramid head is his ability to go into his ranged power at almost full speed and still m1 someone.
        This 100%.  He has the ability to punish windows and pallets with the strength of Huntress but with zero of the drawbacks.  Huntress slows down and has draw time and holster time, PH absolutely does not.

If the PH is smart, he places his sword in the ground to continue chase near a pallet at nearly the same speed.  If pallet gets dropped, easy ranged attacked punish.  If the survivor continues running, the cooldown to get back to M1 status is so little that it's almost a guaranteed hit before the next loop.
    Their mechanic is built for tunneling?
        I didn't say "it's built for" like they designed with that purpose. It's just that in their mechanic it's built that they can tunnel. If someone gets unhooked without BT, he can avoid DS by just sending the guy to a cage.

And I don't know if they've already changed it, but you were also able to see the cage, so they can go to your cage and keep tunneling you.
            Ah. And they changed the ability for PH to see survivors auras in the cage
I found a diamond in the rough the other day. Playing a duo with two randoms... our randoms straight up died on the first hook with 4 gens still needing to be done and he let us both live. He said he felt bad for us 😂 but legit the randoms who were downed (especially if it was their first down) either DCd or suicided. It was the worst day to play survivor.
I main ghost face and I always give the hatch to the last guy.
I’m not =(
I just vibe with him 😓
I main ghostface and it's honestly disappointing to see all the toxic shitstains who play him. They'll tbag after every down, camp while in stealth mode and expose anyone who comes for the rescue and generally just taunt people
    Even if the ghost face player isn’t being a dick, the shitty exposed mechanics make the game insufferable to play. 

The counter to getting exposed is standing still and having to wait for 10 minutes to try and reveal him. Even if they’re not being a dick, if there is a gf in my game I usually just give up because it’s always the most boring shit ever.

Not to mention the chances of encountering a normal gf is near enough 0
Ghostface is also hilariously broken right now. Stare right at him with cover between you and he doesn't break out of stealth.
Well... I'm not...
Why? I'm a killer main and I just hate these made up rules. I don't play in toxic ways like camping etc., but I don't go like "I guess this social rule says that I'm not allowed to win the game now, tough luck". I'm gonna be downvoted but I have accepted it.
    It is a made up rule, but this one is more on the lines of respect because they got out out of pure chance, and those chances are very low. Me, personally, if they got out with that 4% chance while I know everyone else is dead, I’d leave them alone for a little bit. 

Also, you still technically won the game as long as you got at least 2 sacrifices. At least that’s how I see it. Can’t speak for everyone else. I know as a survivor I would win, in my opinion, if I was able to complete 2 or 3 gens, saved people from hooks, and heal them. Escaping is a bonus for me personally.
        Especially if you get enough points to pip even if you died. No reason that wouldn't count as a win.
        The fact that it's just RNG makes it a stupid rule in my opinion. I'm not gonna spare someone out of respect because they were literally just lucky. But yeah, if I'm in the middle of a chase and the survivor get's the 4%, I'll just move on haha

But yeah, two kills is a win, dependint on the toxicity od the survivors haha
    the entity told you to spare them.
On behalf of all Ghostface players, we do not claim those assholes
    Yeah he's definitely not one of us
I like him because of the tbag and because of the movie
Wtf mannnnn all I do as him is be ghosty boi and stalk
he traded skills and intelligence for toxicity
I'm guessing it was because I had run him pretty hard a few times and he was never able to down me until then and was just happy that he got me. I mean really, who expects THAT to happen?!?!?!
    Expect the unexpected
That was the luckiest thing I've done in my 3 and a half years of playing. That may have been the luckiest thing I've ever done in any video game I've ever played.
This was the greatest compliment I have ever received.
Wait, did this make it to the front page? Huh, wow.

Well then, an explanation for those who don't know the game and so don't understand. In a nutshell:

That hatch on the ground is a second chance win condition for the players playing as Survivor. It only opens when only 1 of the 4 Survivors is left and allows them to escape (the goal of Survivor is to escape) without having to complete all objectives.

The person playing as Ghost Face was taunting the last Survivor by holding them, and then hooking them, near the hatch. (Plus the teabagging after.) However, a hooked Survivor can attempt to escape from the hook (up to 3 times) if it's their first time being hooked (3 hooks = dead) with a 4% chance of success.

The Survivor succeed in unhooking himself just as the hatch opened, allowing him to escape right in front of his toxic opponent who'd thought he'd won.
they can just stand on top of it and youre screwed.
... why even need to do this? In 999/1000 situations killers will be able to close the hatch just fine without any survivors near.
You edited your comment lol
    I didn't.
Easy answer: it was never open to begin with
*beep. boop.* 🤖 I'm a bot that helps downloading videos 
##[Download via reddit.tube](https://reddit.tube/d/KjYrwJN)

[Audio only](https://v.redd.it/tousn9woy4951/audio)

I also work with links sent by PM.

[Download more videos from deadbydaylight](https://www.reddit.tube/category/deadbydaylight)

 ***  
^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)&#32;|&#32;[Support&#32;me&#32;❤](https://www.paypal.me/synapsensalat)&#32;|&#32;[Github](https://github.com/JohannesPertl/vreddit-downloader)
I got hooked right as my teammate's sacrifice was still finishing up so I was just barely able to get a shot to Kobe. As long as the sacrifice sequence is technically not completely finished, you can still get a chance to Kobe.
Teammate wasn't marked as dead yet, so he wasn't the last one left. Ghost Face hooked too soon to prevent the Kobe.
*beep. boop.* 🤖 I'm a bot that helps downloading videos 
##[Download via reddit.tube](https://reddit.tube/d/KjYrwJN)

[Audio only](https://v.redd.it/tousn9woy4951/audio)

I also work with links sent by PM.

[Download more videos from deadbydaylight](https://www.reddit.tube/category/deadbydaylight)

 ***  
^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)&#32;|&#32;[Support&#32;me&#32;❤](https://www.paypal.me/synapsensalat)&#32;|&#32;[Github](https://github.com/JohannesPertl/vreddit-downloader)
No he wasn't because he had tried to slug for the 4k and camped out near the slug in stealth mode, which drew me out trying to be a good teammate and pick her up, but she never recovered so I ended up getting into a chase, dead harded to a pallet stun and luckily he lost me. I then went around the map trying to loot a medkit when he decided to finally hook the slug. I stumbled into the hatch but he found me, slugged me, and where the clip begins is him picking me up right before I could Unbreakable out of there to see if I could lure him away from the hatch and try to get lucky that way.
*beep. boop.* 🤖 I'm a bot that helps downloading videos 
##[Download via reddit.tube](https://reddit.tube/d/KjYrwJN?t=1594820795)

[Audio only](https://v.redd.it/tousn9woy4951/audio)

I also work with links sent by PM.

[Download more videos from deadbydaylight](https://www.reddit.tube/category/deadbydaylight)

 ***  
^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)
*beep. boop.* 🤖 I'm a bot that helps downloading videos 
##[Download via reddit.tube](https://reddit.tube/d/KjYrwJN?t=1596503894)

If I don't reply to a comment, send me the link [per message.](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=VredditDownloader&subject=Download&message=Put%20your%20reddit%20video%20link%20here%20and%20click%20send%20)

[Download more videos from deadbydaylight](https://www.reddit.tube/category/deadbydaylight)

 ***  
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)&#32;|&#32;[Contact&#32;creator](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=-botbert)
tell that to the ghostface
    That’s what I was trying to imply my bad
Definitely. I try spinning around, hitting the air.. But in another post here on Reddit some dude told me they let the survivors wiggle free and look for the hatch together so I was willing to give that a shot. 
So I do the usual, hit air, spin around. Survivor still wiggles but I let Meg wiggle free, got her again and I walked past so many hooks I thought it was obvious I was looking for the hatch. In the end I let her wiggle out twice and she kept running and hiding until she found the hatch on her own. I was a sad Trapper.
how come
*beep. boop.* 🤖 I'm a bot that helps downloading videos 
##[Download via reddit.tube](https://reddit.tube/d/KjYrwJN)

[Audio only](https://v.redd.it/tousn9woy4951/audio)

I also work with links sent by PM.

[Download more videos from deadbydaylight](https://www.reddit.tube/category/deadbydaylight)

 ***  
^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)&#32;|&#32;[Support&#32;me&#32;❤](https://www.paypal.me/synapsensalat)&#32;|&#32;[Github](https://github.com/JohannesPertl/vreddit-downloader)
    Good bot
The killer was pretending like they were going to let the last survivor go.  The hatch on the ground opens when there's only one survivor left, so the killer was pretending "Here, I brought you to the hatch so you can leave when the other survivor dies."

Except instead, the killer waited til the last second and threw the survivor on the hook instead.  So the killer intended on killing the last survivor regardless, but decided to troll him by carrying him to the escape hatch and pretending instead.  Killer then got unlucky when the survivor succeeded the 4% chance to jump off the hook and got through the hatch before the killer could close it.
    Ah I kinda see now.

Is there any incentive for the killer to let the last survivor go though?
        No. Its seen as a "hey you played well heres an escape" sort of thing. However, some survivors have gotten to the point where they expect it.
            What's the survivor advantage to escaping?  Is that like a personal win but not a team win?
                gives them 5000 extra points and better emblem progress (emblems are what you get to rank up)
                There isn't exactly a "team" win, per se. The main objective of Survivors I to escape, but it's an individual objective. You just can't do it without help, so you have to cooperate with the other Survivors. The closest to a team win is everyone escaping, which is rare. Game's balanced toward 2 dying 2 escaping, which is about the over all average.
        There isn’t one, some killers do it for different reasons (Respect for the survivor, pity for a bad team/a DC, or just because).  This video is BM/trolling because the killer *pretended* they were going to let the survivor go, then tried to kill him anyway.

If the killer had just killed him, it would have been just like any other game.  Instead, the killer walked him to the exit, then did a dance on his corpse.  In this case, it backfired and the survivor got away.
        Nah. But sometimes they do because they feel the player deserved it for whatever reason, or they feel bad for them (I've let obviously mismatched Survivors go just because matchmaking fucked em hard), or it was just a really good game and why not?
Oh yeah, I tend to agree with you there and I definitely don't take anything in the game seriously except for the hate mail. After my first week of playing about 3 years ago I had to set my Xbox Live messenger to Friends Only because of the sheer amount of hate messages I was getting even as a brand new player. I can only imagine how bad it would be now 3000 hours later if I turned it back on. Aside from that everything else I just laugh along with and try to have fun.
So you'd be ok with the Killer body blocking you in a corner for 6 hours?
    I don't have 6 hours for one single match. I'd probably find it fun to try to get out. If I was the last one left, with me needing the hatch or gates and it took too long, I'd just quit the game. Otherwise, the others would be able to do gens, exit gate, and I'd eventually die from timer
        My point is "it's just a game" is a shit excuse to enable bad behavior.
This 4 percent knew what was his role
    It worked out in the best of ways haha.
Respect the 4%
So how was the fuck
    He can no longer walk, he almost died from the shock.
        sounds like a typical night
        ****He didn’t appreciate my barging into the house****
        Did he die from a crushed pelvis?
        r/holup
    Noice
        Noice!
            Noice
I second that
    I third that
        i fourth that
            I fifth that
                I sixth that
                    seventh
                        eighth
                            I CAN ONLY COUNT TO 8 ? WHAT'S NEXT ?!?!
                            Ninth
                        Eighth! That guy deserved that shit.
                            I infinity that
    The sloppiest of seconds!
r/dbdgonewild
Wait what
Well, if they did it first, it's totally called for.
Nope
He got like 14k up votes and it's not like you're the only toxic dbd fan lol
I had that happen but hatch was in shack and I had adrenaline. Sometimes karma’s on your side, I ended up escaping because the troll was a total idiot as they usually are
I had this Huntress carry me around the entire Mother’s Dwelling to find hatch, drop me near it, close it and hook me. It took her 2 minutes to find it. I was pretty certain she just wanted to give me hatch at this point. Her explanation: “I wanted bloodpoints for closing it AND a kill”. Pathetic ass. Why do I never do it  as Killer and yet have it done to me so often?
    Isn’t it like 500 for closing the hatch? Not even worth it 😂
    I remember when I thought closing hatch gave me more bloodpoints, so I would take the last survivor and release them near an exit gate, close the hatch and let them open gate instead...

It's just a lot more simple to give them hatch. So I do that now.
    Dat 250 points will get her to P3 for sure.

I hear that excuse all the time too btw. I don't understand why dick Killers don't embrace their dickiness. My favourite is the "No I left hook" argument when they haven't noticed Kindred in the perk list. Yeah Boi, we see you.
I do this but then carry them to the door and let them out. Bp is king
i only did that once because of archives otherwise i let them go
    Were you a doctor on the stranger things map?
        no
            Damn
        I think I was in that match, the doctor brought the last survivor to the hatch then closed it and then Mori’d them
        That may have been me...
            I was a claudette, p1. Did you have the plague doctor outfit?
                Ah, no, been running base Doctor recently and I'm pretty sure it was a Meg.
    Just let them have door after, simple and it makes you not a complete asshole
        i had to hook during egc
        No.
I kind of did that but the nea was in a 4 man swf and was camping hatch waiting for friend to escape so I downed her and waited a bit for her to crawl towards it then closed it and got the hook
One time I mori'd a survivor while they were straight on **top of an open hatch**. What does that make me?

^(I got bullied hardcore my last game, I wanted to vent at the time.)
    An actual monster
    A fucking douchebag
    Nothing; it's just a game and people need to chill out on both sides.
    I feel really bad for some survivors because there are just some games you need to vent and be a total fucking asshole. 


Had a game where I got bullied hard with flashlights and head on for like 30 mins while they basically never did gens, and the next match I equipped my best add ons, took an ebony mori, and was just a massive prick all game.
        > some games you just need to be a total asshole

No offense, I get where you're coming from, but doing this is just repeating the cycle of toxicity in this game.

If you're a massive prick to some innocent survivors in a game as a way to vent, that could be what motivates them then equip flashlights in their next game and be teabagging assclowns to some innocent killer.

And then maybe that killer does the same next game, and so the cycle goes on. Only way to break it is to just not care, or vent outside the game by not playing it. Otherwise you're just part of the problem.
            When the whole point of the game is two opposing teams trying to counter each other in an ongoing scenario of killer vs survivor, doesn't that just keep the game going?

Isn't the actual problem when people come to reddit?
            Never said it was a positive way to vent, but I genuinely enjoy it sometimes. 


I'm never actually toxic, so if me using a Mori and a good build makes people flashlight click spam and tbag their next game, they were probably going to do it anyway.
                You just said you were a massive prick all game. Also, you could say the same thing about them. If them tbagging makes you bring an ebony mori and play like a dick you were probably going to anyways.
        Such is the circle of life.

I wish I knew which survivors were trained professional bullies so I dont get caught with my pants down playing non-meta killers for dailies. If I knew ahead of time if a survivor had every intention on bullying me, I'd be running my anti-bully Huntress build on them. But sometimes we just have to eat shit for their amusement. Up until the penalties were introduced, I'd just disconnect if it got out of control, which a lot of the times it did.

You know that scene in Stepbrothers where the protagonists got their asses handed to them by all those children and they forced him to lick white dog poo? That's Dead by Daylight.

... I should make a video for that.
            You know they're trained professional bullies because they're playing survivor!
                Shit u rite
        I disagree. There are some matches where people are pricks. Best just to ignore them. Most of the time they do this against a person that they know is a new level 1 killer for that killer and they taunt and act stupid. This happened to me with my first match as Huntress on Auto Haven. Just ignore douchebags like that and move on. I definitely would have DC if within 30 minutes, no gens were done. I've never even played a match for that long. Longest one was me and Lorie as only ones left in Hospital against Pyramid Head with 2 gens left. We both escaped cause I distracted him while he carried her and she broke free.
    Depends, did you get them as they were running to the hatch ? Or did you down them and carry them to the hatch and Mori them ? If it’s the former - really lucky. The latter - dickhead
    It makes The Entity pleased, and thats all that matters.
I’m just gonna say, do we all feel the same for survivors who do this kinda stuff? Bully the shit out of the killer and wait at the exit for as long as possible just to make sure the killer sees them tbagging. Or the ones that make tons of noise next to the hatch and tbag right on top of it taunting the killer. I’m just saying let’s feel the same way both ways
    We do.
        Yeah I don't know what this guy is on about. The only people who don't feel that way are survivors who do it. Same as the people who don't feel badly about this GF taunting are people who troll as killer
    People on this sub complain about that often and gets upvoted for it. I'm not sure what you're trying to get at here, neither behavior are acceptable.
As a new killer main I also don't stand for shitty team  mates, had a guy sell another guy out so I let the one who was betrayed go and killed the others
I run adrenaline specificly for that reason🥰
i assume sometimes they just close it for the points/challenges and not losing the track of the survivor but yeas psycho traumed kids everywhere, online gaming sucks
I always do that after a entity displeased streak.
As are survivors that literally lead me to the hatch only to escape when they could've just ended the game once it opened.
Sometimes I do it for challenges because the chances of me finding hatch before they get consumed by the entity is slim
I always do this to the survivor to make them have a mini heart attack and then let them open the exit gate to make them go through a lot in a few seconds
A buba did that to me and I ended up having adrenaline and my bf had brought a key and I know where he dropped it so I can to get it and left
I did that once to a meg thinking it would be really funny but once it was done I felt like a total dick. I ended up bringing her to the gate for her to open it. She opened it, walked to the end, started dancing, i started dancing, and that went on until she realized end game clock was about to run out so she went for it but ran out of time.
I posted about this and everyone shitted on me and called me a whiny baby. I wasn’t even whining I was saying that as a killer main I’ve never done that and wouldn’t because it’s a dick move.
My favourite moment is when I have a key in that scenario :D

(if I don't have a key I rotate and don't go closer it makes them soooo mad)
Though doing that would fit the Ghostface lore pretty well
You're forgetting about the terrible things survivor mains do. What you just said was nothing. Maybe play the fucking game so you can understand.
So I did something smart, I had someone who was Moriable so I brought them to the hatch (second to last person) and killed them in front of it NOT because I wanted to taunt them, but because I wanted to shut it immediately. The survivor ran towards it half a second to late, meaning if I didn’t kill them in front of it they would have escaped. I won the game 4/4. Would you consider this psychopathic?
you seem to take this game a bit too seriously
Well don’t leave us in suspense. What else happened??
    I need to know too! Commenting this to remember to come back lol
        same. updates!
            guess he ded
on the xbox there’s a function to record the last 5 mins
    Xbox: cool, I’ll just record a random thirty second clip!
        you can customize the default settings. but if its recording 30 seconds, its supposed to be the last 30.
            Got a no scope warzone finish, clicked record what happened/last two minutes. Got a thirty second clip of where I fell off the roof and nearly died.
                supposed^TM

at least you get to enjoy falling off the roof though. I imagine that was on the previous attempt at pulling off the shot
    You used to be able to record longer too, but I don't know how now. I think it was at least up to 15 minutes back.
Did you spam “ez” to his inbox?
Oh yep, same. I wish there was an easier way to record entire matches but sadly the longest you can do is only 10 minutes
I actually prefer it this way there are annoying dbd channels that will pad out 2-3 funny moments with a dull as fuck 15 minute play
PS4 can record the whole match, shame Switch and Xbox are lacking on that
    Only if you pre set the timer to 15-30 min. Which no sane person does.
        You mean a timer for Xbox?
            PlayStation. You can only record the entire match if you:

 Start recording when the match starts, which doesn't make sense because you can't predict the future

 Set the timer to always record the last 30 min.
Was gunna ask what the killer said but I guess you can’t type on Xbox
If you start recording at the beginning of the game you can record up to 10 mins! Most games last longer but I haven't figured out how to change the recording time to longer or make it so I have to stop it manually. The 30 secs is cool and you can use it in game if you're somewhere you can stop for a sec but I definitely wish there was a way to record gameplay easier as well
you never answered what else happened that game?
Thank you kind Whassup man.
    Your welcome it’s fun to get the crouch chain around the map and pretend to help on gens
Pleaase dont farm, its boring af
    Well it can be nice for those survivors having a bad strain of games it gives them a bit of humor and some extra points
I actually may have gone against one once now that I think of it. I just thought they were trolling but when they finally uncloaked, they started slaughtering us all
Played against a Wraith last night who kept trying to break a gen and couldn’t understand why it wasn’t working... my friend was working on it on the other side. Since he couldn’t break the gen he turned around and left. Also straight up walked by me on a gen at one point. Lol.
I don't know why they looked at Huntress' broken hitboxes and decided "what if *Survivors* had to use those hitboxes *but the projectile was their* **eyes!**"
    Just DBD things. They did a pretty good job again.
In my entire time playing this game I've met like maybe 3 nice Ghostface players, one of them being a really good friend of mine. (And even then he isn't really "nice" so much as he "isn't a complete fucking tool." He operates under the mindset of "I play to win regardless of what other people think", unlike most Ghostface players who seem to operate under the mindset of "I play to make the other side angry because then I can put the post-game chat into my epic griefing montage!!!!111 XDDDDDD")

I obviously can't say without a doubt that truly *every* Ghostface camps, tunnels, and plays like a toxic asshole. But it's such an impressively wide margin it astounds me. All the other usual suspects (Spirit, Leatherface, Hag, Wraith, arguably Demogorgon?) don't play nearly as scummy nearly as often as Ghostface players. I've been camped less by Leatherfaces and Hags than I have by Ghostfaces.

It's a shame too because he has a really great kit. I love playing against a good Ghostface who doesn't act like a complete fucking twat since he's a Killer who rewards genuine skill and good use of his power over cheesing broken loops or abusing cheap perks for an easy down. But the vast majority of Ghostfaces I play with will tunnel you for 3 gens and then camp you while teabagging you.
    I hope a Ghostface comes around that actually gives you a good experience! I get a lot of farming survivors when I'm playing him and my favorite thing to do is pretend to work on gens with them and conga line. He makes me feel more wholesome when I'm up against toxic survs. I only teabag if they do it first and then it becomes us nodding at each other, lol.
        Again I've had good experiences with Ghostface players and they're some of the best matches I've ever had. It's just that the vast, **VAST** majority of them are toxic asshats.
            That's really interesting to me. I guess I haven't played against very many. Just got into green ranks for the first time.
    I haven’t played against many ghost faces. Maybe 2 times ? But both were fine. I can see ghost faces being toxic but fortunately I haven’t had to deal with that yet
Many survivors who always complain about toxic killers end up bring Moris, tunnel, camp, and are POS's when they play killer. Basically like you said some ppl are just toxic. Doesn't matter whether they choose survivor or killer.
    [deleted]
        Honestly I don’t mind the idea of Mori’ing, I just hate Memento Moris themselves. See I don’t feel like I’m being cheated when a perk like Devour Hope pops because it feels deserved. We didn’t find the hex in time and we suffered because of that and that’s fine. I hate when someone just pulls out their Ebony Mori and wins the game because they had an item that let them do so.
            Been saying the exact same thing since I properly started playing the game, shit like devour hope feel deserved because you need to work for it.
Equally I'd be fine if they just existed as a constant thing but only possible to do if the survivor is on death hook (a la pyramid head)
            Agreed. I don’t even use ebony’s anymore because, why? Especially people who mori off first hook. That’s bullshit.
                I don’t use them because I think it’s bullshit when I get stuck with Ebony Mori killers who justify it with “BuT oThEr KiLlErS uSe ThEm”
        I'd be fine with Moris if they activated after second hook. After first hook is total bullshit and gives the survivors no chance if the killer is at least semi-competent.
        If they make it so Moris can only be done on 3rd hook I think it would be fair.
        or how about you can only be moried when you're on death hook, so it basically doesn't change everything, because the time it takes to mori is basically the time it'd take to be taken to a nearby hook? and maybe you get extra BP for mori kills, so now the item's purpose isn't to purposefully piss off survivors, but to gain some extra bp?  make it act like a BPS/surv pudding as well as a cosmetic item.
        And fuck keys as well. 

Nothing like having 3 survivors escape when there's still a gen left

They're both pointless in a game like this
            Or doing 4 gens by yourself and having your 2 left over shithead teammates just bounce on out after not doing anything the entire game. 

Seriously, why? It's almost always a death sentence for the last guy, especially since they almost always do it in a chase, so the killer immediately closes it.
    See this is a deep problem because just “bringing” Mori, that thing that you have a limited supply of, that’s rare and expensive on the bloodweb, is considered toxic for some reason. So now there are intentional power ups that 4/5 of the players in the match feel are unfun
        They're not even that rare, a commited player can quickly muster a huge supply of ebony mories on a killer and basically play a full mori gameplay for a long time. It's just like iri head, I don't even play huntress outside of dailies so I just leveled her to 50 and then a bit more to get some important perks but I have enough add-ons and moris to ruin between 20 and 30 games. That's huge, will probably last me forever. So yeah you can't just use them endlessly on paper, but let's be honest, in most cases when you want to whip a mori you have one available unless you really abused them.
        I see what you're saying. They're in the game, they should be able to use them. I honestly can't believe BHVR still has them in the game the eay they are though. They're miles away the most powerful thing in the entire game and basically guarantee a 4k. I have around 100 red Mori's saved up on my Hillbilly alone but I refuse to use any of them.
        Moris are just fucked as a concept. Cutting off a third of the entire game is just... Why. Who's idea was this.
99% of the player base is fine, it's just a small minority of edgy teens trolling each other.

The vast majority of my games, everybody is nice and respectful to each other.

Whiners on Reddit have to constantly redefine what a toxic player is to maintain the illusion that this game has a bad base. The killer played fine but he brought a perk you don't like? TOXIC. The survivor didn't do anything wrong but map RNG produced several strong tiles in a row that made them difficult to catch? TOXIC. The killer picked a character you don't like? TOXIC. The survivor brought an item you don't like? TOXIC. 

The word has lost all meaning completely. Playing the game is toxic apparently.
    99% is a huge overstatement. There's at least 1 toxic guy every 5 matches who will try to taunt you. When you go to his profile you see that he has a recent VAC ban and is part of the Ochido steam group.
        That's really not been my experience at purple/red ranks. I think I've only run into one toxic survivor in weeks, and all he did was DC when he realized I was playing Spirit, which isn't great but also isn't exactly e-bullying lol. 

I get teabagged every once in a while but I honestly don't care about that and don't get why so many killer mains get triggered over it.
    I'm not so sure, whenever I play at night 70% of my games are toxic, but during the day its much more civil and the rankings work properly. I always only used to play at night so I was one of those whiners, it made me quit the games for month and i only just started up again recently.

I think the player base is smaller at night, which leads to less players and more "bullying" since you arnt matched up with your proper skill level. Toxicity is most certinally extremely prevalent in this game, but the strong perks and offerings on both sides encourage it.
        I think it depends on your region, my games at night pop more frequently and are significantly more balanced. I don't even try to play in the mornings anymore because the queues are so long
How can you be toxic as a survivor? I’m too bad at the game to be toxic. I’d love to get to the point where I survive long enough to think about being toxic.
I don't think there's anything we can do to fix it. The devs will have to step in but I don't see why they will do it, because it's a lot of effort to police behaviour for what is essentially unknown returns.
There is no way to fix it unfortunately. I play both roles as well and go out of my way to be not toxic, we're all just playing a game here so let's try to make it fun for everyone.
Recently Cheryl has pulled me away from Ashy Slashy but I’ll be returning to him very soon. I saw you said you’ve been playing for years so I was wondering if you had any tips for me? I’ve only been consistently playing for about 2 months, was on and off before that.
    In all honesty, the best tips I can give you is just keep practicing, play both sides as equally as possible because you'll learn a TON from getting both perspectives, and just have fun and don't take it too seriously. Even when you're getting BM'ed just laugh along with it, move on to the next game, and you'll be fine. Seriously, just keep playing and practicing and as long as you're willing to learn from your mistakes, you'll get better at it.

p.s. Again, play both sides! I started out as a killer main, and a pretty lousy one at that. Then started playing survivor, and was pretty lousy at that, but a lot of stuff I learned from playing survivor helped me get better at playing killer, and then as I got better at playing killer I was able to use the stuff I learned there to get better at playing survivor.
        Thanks brotha, catch ya on the flip flop
            Ash mains unite!
        Hello fellow ash mains gotta say it was so satisfying Seeing our groovy boy escape he really caught him on the flip flop
I've noticed this too. Never seen such polarity before.
I’ve only encountered the toxic trash variant
And there's no in between
or you know people just play him because he is interesting and fun and decently strong? i only use crouch to sneak up on people, i dont even think about tbagging
laughs in EXPOSED anyways cuz its broken
    [deleted]
        Yeah thats the way to do it
        o can u explain more, please?
            [deleted]
                I had no idea. I’ve yelled out loud playing with friend “I’m staring at him why the hell am I not revealing him”
                    The power of stealth!
                So why doesn’t it reveal him I look at him in the middle of my screen :(
                    dunno
                    Need to look at him for a few secs before he is revealed, even longer if he use add-on.
                        I know he needs time to be revealed, but the music that indicates you’re staring to reveal him doesn’t proc
                    Should be fixed with the latest update.
                        I sure hope so
Honestly the most broken thing about pyramid head is his ability to go into his ranged power at almost full speed and still m1 someone.
    This 100%.  He has the ability to punish windows and pallets with the strength of Huntress but with zero of the drawbacks.  Huntress slows down and has draw time and holster time, PH absolutely does not.

If the PH is smart, he places his sword in the ground to continue chase near a pallet at nearly the same speed.  If pallet gets dropped, easy ranged attacked punish.  If the survivor continues running, the cooldown to get back to M1 status is so little that it's almost a guaranteed hit before the next loop.
Their mechanic is built for tunneling?
    I didn't say "it's built for" like they designed with that purpose. It's just that in their mechanic it's built that they can tunnel. If someone gets unhooked without BT, he can avoid DS by just sending the guy to a cage.

And I don't know if they've already changed it, but you were also able to see the cage, so they can go to your cage and keep tunneling you.
        Ah. And they changed the ability for PH to see survivors auras in the cage
Even if the ghost face player isn’t being a dick, the shitty exposed mechanics make the game insufferable to play. 

The counter to getting exposed is standing still and having to wait for 10 minutes to try and reveal him. Even if they’re not being a dick, if there is a gf in my game I usually just give up because it’s always the most boring shit ever.

Not to mention the chances of encountering a normal gf is near enough 0
It is a made up rule, but this one is more on the lines of respect because they got out out of pure chance, and those chances are very low. Me, personally, if they got out with that 4% chance while I know everyone else is dead, I’d leave them alone for a little bit. 

Also, you still technically won the game as long as you got at least 2 sacrifices. At least that’s how I see it. Can’t speak for everyone else. I know as a survivor I would win, in my opinion, if I was able to complete 2 or 3 gens, saved people from hooks, and heal them. Escaping is a bonus for me personally.
    Especially if you get enough points to pip even if you died. No reason that wouldn't count as a win.
    The fact that it's just RNG makes it a stupid rule in my opinion. I'm not gonna spare someone out of respect because they were literally just lucky. But yeah, if I'm in the middle of a chase and the survivor get's the 4%, I'll just move on haha

But yeah, two kills is a win, dependint on the toxicity od the survivors haha
the entity told you to spare them.
Yeah he's definitely not one of us
Expect the unexpected
I didn't.
That’s what I was trying to imply my bad
Good bot
Ah I kinda see now.

Is there any incentive for the killer to let the last survivor go though?
    No. Its seen as a "hey you played well heres an escape" sort of thing. However, some survivors have gotten to the point where they expect it.
        What's the survivor advantage to escaping?  Is that like a personal win but not a team win?
            gives them 5000 extra points and better emblem progress (emblems are what you get to rank up)
            There isn't exactly a "team" win, per se. The main objective of Survivors I to escape, but it's an individual objective. You just can't do it without help, so you have to cooperate with the other Survivors. The closest to a team win is everyone escaping, which is rare. Game's balanced toward 2 dying 2 escaping, which is about the over all average.
    There isn’t one, some killers do it for different reasons (Respect for the survivor, pity for a bad team/a DC, or just because).  This video is BM/trolling because the killer *pretended* they were going to let the survivor go, then tried to kill him anyway.

If the killer had just killed him, it would have been just like any other game.  Instead, the killer walked him to the exit, then did a dance on his corpse.  In this case, it backfired and the survivor got away.
    Nah. But sometimes they do because they feel the player deserved it for whatever reason, or they feel bad for them (I've let obviously mismatched Survivors go just because matchmaking fucked em hard), or it was just a really good game and why not?
I don't have 6 hours for one single match. I'd probably find it fun to try to get out. If I was the last one left, with me needing the hatch or gates and it took too long, I'd just quit the game. Otherwise, the others would be able to do gens, exit gate, and I'd eventually die from timer
    My point is "it's just a game" is a shit excuse to enable bad behavior.
It worked out in the best of ways haha.
He can no longer walk, he almost died from the shock.
    sounds like a typical night
    ****He didn’t appreciate my barging into the house****
    Did he die from a crushed pelvis?
    r/holup
Noice
    Noice!
        Noice
I third that
    i fourth that
        I fifth that
            I sixth that
                seventh
                    eighth
                        I CAN ONLY COUNT TO 8 ? WHAT'S NEXT ?!?!
                        Ninth
                    Eighth! That guy deserved that shit.
                        I infinity that
The sloppiest of seconds!
Isn’t it like 500 for closing the hatch? Not even worth it 😂
I remember when I thought closing hatch gave me more bloodpoints, so I would take the last survivor and release them near an exit gate, close the hatch and let them open gate instead...

It's just a lot more simple to give them hatch. So I do that now.
Dat 250 points will get her to P3 for sure.

I hear that excuse all the time too btw. I don't understand why dick Killers don't embrace their dickiness. My favourite is the "No I left hook" argument when they haven't noticed Kindred in the perk list. Yeah Boi, we see you.
Were you a doctor on the stranger things map?
    no
        Damn
    I think I was in that match, the doctor brought the last survivor to the hatch then closed it and then Mori’d them
    That may have been me...
        I was a claudette, p1. Did you have the plague doctor outfit?
            Ah, no, been running base Doctor recently and I'm pretty sure it was a Meg.
Just let them have door after, simple and it makes you not a complete asshole
    i had to hook during egc
    No.
An actual monster
A fucking douchebag
Nothing; it's just a game and people need to chill out on both sides.
I feel really bad for some survivors because there are just some games you need to vent and be a total fucking asshole. 


Had a game where I got bullied hard with flashlights and head on for like 30 mins while they basically never did gens, and the next match I equipped my best add ons, took an ebony mori, and was just a massive prick all game.
    > some games you just need to be a total asshole

No offense, I get where you're coming from, but doing this is just repeating the cycle of toxicity in this game.

If you're a massive prick to some innocent survivors in a game as a way to vent, that could be what motivates them then equip flashlights in their next game and be teabagging assclowns to some innocent killer.

And then maybe that killer does the same next game, and so the cycle goes on. Only way to break it is to just not care, or vent outside the game by not playing it. Otherwise you're just part of the problem.
        When the whole point of the game is two opposing teams trying to counter each other in an ongoing scenario of killer vs survivor, doesn't that just keep the game going?

Isn't the actual problem when people come to reddit?
        Never said it was a positive way to vent, but I genuinely enjoy it sometimes. 


I'm never actually toxic, so if me using a Mori and a good build makes people flashlight click spam and tbag their next game, they were probably going to do it anyway.
            You just said you were a massive prick all game. Also, you could say the same thing about them. If them tbagging makes you bring an ebony mori and play like a dick you were probably going to anyways.
    Such is the circle of life.

I wish I knew which survivors were trained professional bullies so I dont get caught with my pants down playing non-meta killers for dailies. If I knew ahead of time if a survivor had every intention on bullying me, I'd be running my anti-bully Huntress build on them. But sometimes we just have to eat shit for their amusement. Up until the penalties were introduced, I'd just disconnect if it got out of control, which a lot of the times it did.

You know that scene in Stepbrothers where the protagonists got their asses handed to them by all those children and they forced him to lick white dog poo? That's Dead by Daylight.

... I should make a video for that.
        You know they're trained professional bullies because they're playing survivor!
            Shit u rite
    I disagree. There are some matches where people are pricks. Best just to ignore them. Most of the time they do this against a person that they know is a new level 1 killer for that killer and they taunt and act stupid. This happened to me with my first match as Huntress on Auto Haven. Just ignore douchebags like that and move on. I definitely would have DC if within 30 minutes, no gens were done. I've never even played a match for that long. Longest one was me and Lorie as only ones left in Hospital against Pyramid Head with 2 gens left. We both escaped cause I distracted him while he carried her and she broke free.
Depends, did you get them as they were running to the hatch ? Or did you down them and carry them to the hatch and Mori them ? If it’s the former - really lucky. The latter - dickhead
It makes The Entity pleased, and thats all that matters.
We do.
    Yeah I don't know what this guy is on about. The only people who don't feel that way are survivors who do it. Same as the people who don't feel badly about this GF taunting are people who troll as killer
People on this sub complain about that often and gets upvoted for it. I'm not sure what you're trying to get at here, neither behavior are acceptable.
I need to know too! Commenting this to remember to come back lol
    same. updates!
        guess he ded
Xbox: cool, I’ll just record a random thirty second clip!
    you can customize the default settings. but if its recording 30 seconds, its supposed to be the last 30.
        Got a no scope warzone finish, clicked record what happened/last two minutes. Got a thirty second clip of where I fell off the roof and nearly died.
            supposed^TM

at least you get to enjoy falling off the roof though. I imagine that was on the previous attempt at pulling off the shot
You used to be able to record longer too, but I don't know how now. I think it was at least up to 15 minutes back.
Only if you pre set the timer to 15-30 min. Which no sane person does.
    You mean a timer for Xbox?
        PlayStation. You can only record the entire match if you:

 Start recording when the match starts, which doesn't make sense because you can't predict the future

 Set the timer to always record the last 30 min.
Your welcome it’s fun to get the crouch chain around the map and pretend to help on gens
Well it can be nice for those survivors having a bad strain of games it gives them a bit of humor and some extra points
Just DBD things. They did a pretty good job again.
I hope a Ghostface comes around that actually gives you a good experience! I get a lot of farming survivors when I'm playing him and my favorite thing to do is pretend to work on gens with them and conga line. He makes me feel more wholesome when I'm up against toxic survs. I only teabag if they do it first and then it becomes us nodding at each other, lol.
    Again I've had good experiences with Ghostface players and they're some of the best matches I've ever had. It's just that the vast, **VAST** majority of them are toxic asshats.
        That's really interesting to me. I guess I haven't played against very many. Just got into green ranks for the first time.
I haven’t played against many ghost faces. Maybe 2 times ? But both were fine. I can see ghost faces being toxic but fortunately I haven’t had to deal with that yet
[deleted]
    Honestly I don’t mind the idea of Mori’ing, I just hate Memento Moris themselves. See I don’t feel like I’m being cheated when a perk like Devour Hope pops because it feels deserved. We didn’t find the hex in time and we suffered because of that and that’s fine. I hate when someone just pulls out their Ebony Mori and wins the game because they had an item that let them do so.
        Been saying the exact same thing since I properly started playing the game, shit like devour hope feel deserved because you need to work for it.
Equally I'd be fine if they just existed as a constant thing but only possible to do if the survivor is on death hook (a la pyramid head)
        Agreed. I don’t even use ebony’s anymore because, why? Especially people who mori off first hook. That’s bullshit.
            I don’t use them because I think it’s bullshit when I get stuck with Ebony Mori killers who justify it with “BuT oThEr KiLlErS uSe ThEm”
    I'd be fine with Moris if they activated after second hook. After first hook is total bullshit and gives the survivors no chance if the killer is at least semi-competent.
    If they make it so Moris can only be done on 3rd hook I think it would be fair.
    or how about you can only be moried when you're on death hook, so it basically doesn't change everything, because the time it takes to mori is basically the time it'd take to be taken to a nearby hook? and maybe you get extra BP for mori kills, so now the item's purpose isn't to purposefully piss off survivors, but to gain some extra bp?  make it act like a BPS/surv pudding as well as a cosmetic item.
    And fuck keys as well. 

Nothing like having 3 survivors escape when there's still a gen left

They're both pointless in a game like this
        Or doing 4 gens by yourself and having your 2 left over shithead teammates just bounce on out after not doing anything the entire game. 

Seriously, why? It's almost always a death sentence for the last guy, especially since they almost always do it in a chase, so the killer immediately closes it.
See this is a deep problem because just “bringing” Mori, that thing that you have a limited supply of, that’s rare and expensive on the bloodweb, is considered toxic for some reason. So now there are intentional power ups that 4/5 of the players in the match feel are unfun
    They're not even that rare, a commited player can quickly muster a huge supply of ebony mories on a killer and basically play a full mori gameplay for a long time. It's just like iri head, I don't even play huntress outside of dailies so I just leveled her to 50 and then a bit more to get some important perks but I have enough add-ons and moris to ruin between 20 and 30 games. That's huge, will probably last me forever. So yeah you can't just use them endlessly on paper, but let's be honest, in most cases when you want to whip a mori you have one available unless you really abused them.
    I see what you're saying. They're in the game, they should be able to use them. I honestly can't believe BHVR still has them in the game the eay they are though. They're miles away the most powerful thing in the entire game and basically guarantee a 4k. I have around 100 red Mori's saved up on my Hillbilly alone but I refuse to use any of them.
    Moris are just fucked as a concept. Cutting off a third of the entire game is just... Why. Who's idea was this.
99% is a huge overstatement. There's at least 1 toxic guy every 5 matches who will try to taunt you. When you go to his profile you see that he has a recent VAC ban and is part of the Ochido steam group.
    That's really not been my experience at purple/red ranks. I think I've only run into one toxic survivor in weeks, and all he did was DC when he realized I was playing Spirit, which isn't great but also isn't exactly e-bullying lol. 

I get teabagged every once in a while but I honestly don't care about that and don't get why so many killer mains get triggered over it.
I'm not so sure, whenever I play at night 70% of my games are toxic, but during the day its much more civil and the rankings work properly. I always only used to play at night so I was one of those whiners, it made me quit the games for month and i only just started up again recently.

I think the player base is smaller at night, which leads to less players and more "bullying" since you arnt matched up with your proper skill level. Toxicity is most certinally extremely prevalent in this game, but the strong perks and offerings on both sides encourage it.
    I think it depends on your region, my games at night pop more frequently and are significantly more balanced. I don't even try to play in the mornings anymore because the queues are so long
In all honesty, the best tips I can give you is just keep practicing, play both sides as equally as possible because you'll learn a TON from getting both perspectives, and just have fun and don't take it too seriously. Even when you're getting BM'ed just laugh along with it, move on to the next game, and you'll be fine. Seriously, just keep playing and practicing and as long as you're willing to learn from your mistakes, you'll get better at it.

p.s. Again, play both sides! I started out as a killer main, and a pretty lousy one at that. Then started playing survivor, and was pretty lousy at that, but a lot of stuff I learned from playing survivor helped me get better at playing killer, and then as I got better at playing killer I was able to use the stuff I learned there to get better at playing survivor.
    Thanks brotha, catch ya on the flip flop
        Ash mains unite!
    Hello fellow ash mains gotta say it was so satisfying Seeing our groovy boy escape he really caught him on the flip flop
[deleted]
    Yeah thats the way to do it
    o can u explain more, please?
        [deleted]
            I had no idea. I’ve yelled out loud playing with friend “I’m staring at him why the hell am I not revealing him”
                The power of stealth!
            So why doesn’t it reveal him I look at him in the middle of my screen :(
                dunno
                Need to look at him for a few secs before he is revealed, even longer if he use add-on.
                    I know he needs time to be revealed, but the music that indicates you’re staring to reveal him doesn’t proc
                Should be fixed with the latest update.
                    I sure hope so
This 100%.  He has the ability to punish windows and pallets with the strength of Huntress but with zero of the drawbacks.  Huntress slows down and has draw time and holster time, PH absolutely does not.

If the PH is smart, he places his sword in the ground to continue chase near a pallet at nearly the same speed.  If pallet gets dropped, easy ranged attacked punish.  If the survivor continues running, the cooldown to get back to M1 status is so little that it's almost a guaranteed hit before the next loop.
I didn't say "it's built for" like they designed with that purpose. It's just that in their mechanic it's built that they can tunnel. If someone gets unhooked without BT, he can avoid DS by just sending the guy to a cage.

And I don't know if they've already changed it, but you were also able to see the cage, so they can go to your cage and keep tunneling you.
    Ah. And they changed the ability for PH to see survivors auras in the cage
Especially if you get enough points to pip even if you died. No reason that wouldn't count as a win.
The fact that it's just RNG makes it a stupid rule in my opinion. I'm not gonna spare someone out of respect because they were literally just lucky. But yeah, if I'm in the middle of a chase and the survivor get's the 4%, I'll just move on haha

But yeah, two kills is a win, dependint on the toxicity od the survivors haha
No. Its seen as a "hey you played well heres an escape" sort of thing. However, some survivors have gotten to the point where they expect it.
    What's the survivor advantage to escaping?  Is that like a personal win but not a team win?
        gives them 5000 extra points and better emblem progress (emblems are what you get to rank up)
        There isn't exactly a "team" win, per se. The main objective of Survivors I to escape, but it's an individual objective. You just can't do it without help, so you have to cooperate with the other Survivors. The closest to a team win is everyone escaping, which is rare. Game's balanced toward 2 dying 2 escaping, which is about the over all average.
There isn’t one, some killers do it for different reasons (Respect for the survivor, pity for a bad team/a DC, or just because).  This video is BM/trolling because the killer *pretended* they were going to let the survivor go, then tried to kill him anyway.

If the killer had just killed him, it would have been just like any other game.  Instead, the killer walked him to the exit, then did a dance on his corpse.  In this case, it backfired and the survivor got away.
Nah. But sometimes they do because they feel the player deserved it for whatever reason, or they feel bad for them (I've let obviously mismatched Survivors go just because matchmaking fucked em hard), or it was just a really good game and why not?
My point is "it's just a game" is a shit excuse to enable bad behavior.
sounds like a typical night
****He didn’t appreciate my barging into the house****
Did he die from a crushed pelvis?
r/holup
Noice!
    Noice
i fourth that
    I fifth that
        I sixth that
            seventh
                eighth
                    I CAN ONLY COUNT TO 8 ? WHAT'S NEXT ?!?!
                    Ninth
                Eighth! That guy deserved that shit.
                    I infinity that
no
    Damn
I think I was in that match, the doctor brought the last survivor to the hatch then closed it and then Mori’d them
That may have been me...
    I was a claudette, p1. Did you have the plague doctor outfit?
        Ah, no, been running base Doctor recently and I'm pretty sure it was a Meg.
i had to hook during egc
No.
> some games you just need to be a total asshole

No offense, I get where you're coming from, but doing this is just repeating the cycle of toxicity in this game.

If you're a massive prick to some innocent survivors in a game as a way to vent, that could be what motivates them then equip flashlights in their next game and be teabagging assclowns to some innocent killer.

And then maybe that killer does the same next game, and so the cycle goes on. Only way to break it is to just not care, or vent outside the game by not playing it. Otherwise you're just part of the problem.
    When the whole point of the game is two opposing teams trying to counter each other in an ongoing scenario of killer vs survivor, doesn't that just keep the game going?

Isn't the actual problem when people come to reddit?
    Never said it was a positive way to vent, but I genuinely enjoy it sometimes. 


I'm never actually toxic, so if me using a Mori and a good build makes people flashlight click spam and tbag their next game, they were probably going to do it anyway.
        You just said you were a massive prick all game. Also, you could say the same thing about them. If them tbagging makes you bring an ebony mori and play like a dick you were probably going to anyways.
Such is the circle of life.

I wish I knew which survivors were trained professional bullies so I dont get caught with my pants down playing non-meta killers for dailies. If I knew ahead of time if a survivor had every intention on bullying me, I'd be running my anti-bully Huntress build on them. But sometimes we just have to eat shit for their amusement. Up until the penalties were introduced, I'd just disconnect if it got out of control, which a lot of the times it did.

You know that scene in Stepbrothers where the protagonists got their asses handed to them by all those children and they forced him to lick white dog poo? That's Dead by Daylight.

... I should make a video for that.
    You know they're trained professional bullies because they're playing survivor!
        Shit u rite
I disagree. There are some matches where people are pricks. Best just to ignore them. Most of the time they do this against a person that they know is a new level 1 killer for that killer and they taunt and act stupid. This happened to me with my first match as Huntress on Auto Haven. Just ignore douchebags like that and move on. I definitely would have DC if within 30 minutes, no gens were done. I've never even played a match for that long. Longest one was me and Lorie as only ones left in Hospital against Pyramid Head with 2 gens left. We both escaped cause I distracted him while he carried her and she broke free.
Yeah I don't know what this guy is on about. The only people who don't feel that way are survivors who do it. Same as the people who don't feel badly about this GF taunting are people who troll as killer
same. updates!
    guess he ded
you can customize the default settings. but if its recording 30 seconds, its supposed to be the last 30.
    Got a no scope warzone finish, clicked record what happened/last two minutes. Got a thirty second clip of where I fell off the roof and nearly died.
        supposed^TM

at least you get to enjoy falling off the roof though. I imagine that was on the previous attempt at pulling off the shot
You mean a timer for Xbox?
    PlayStation. You can only record the entire match if you:

 Start recording when the match starts, which doesn't make sense because you can't predict the future

 Set the timer to always record the last 30 min.
Again I've had good experiences with Ghostface players and they're some of the best matches I've ever had. It's just that the vast, **VAST** majority of them are toxic asshats.
    That's really interesting to me. I guess I haven't played against very many. Just got into green ranks for the first time.
Honestly I don’t mind the idea of Mori’ing, I just hate Memento Moris themselves. See I don’t feel like I’m being cheated when a perk like Devour Hope pops because it feels deserved. We didn’t find the hex in time and we suffered because of that and that’s fine. I hate when someone just pulls out their Ebony Mori and wins the game because they had an item that let them do so.
    Been saying the exact same thing since I properly started playing the game, shit like devour hope feel deserved because you need to work for it.
Equally I'd be fine if they just existed as a constant thing but only possible to do if the survivor is on death hook (a la pyramid head)
    Agreed. I don’t even use ebony’s anymore because, why? Especially people who mori off first hook. That’s bullshit.
        I don’t use them because I think it’s bullshit when I get stuck with Ebony Mori killers who justify it with “BuT oThEr KiLlErS uSe ThEm”
I'd be fine with Moris if they activated after second hook. After first hook is total bullshit and gives the survivors no chance if the killer is at least semi-competent.
If they make it so Moris can only be done on 3rd hook I think it would be fair.
or how about you can only be moried when you're on death hook, so it basically doesn't change everything, because the time it takes to mori is basically the time it'd take to be taken to a nearby hook? and maybe you get extra BP for mori kills, so now the item's purpose isn't to purposefully piss off survivors, but to gain some extra bp?  make it act like a BPS/surv pudding as well as a cosmetic item.
And fuck keys as well. 

Nothing like having 3 survivors escape when there's still a gen left

They're both pointless in a game like this
    Or doing 4 gens by yourself and having your 2 left over shithead teammates just bounce on out after not doing anything the entire game. 

Seriously, why? It's almost always a death sentence for the last guy, especially since they almost always do it in a chase, so the killer immediately closes it.
They're not even that rare, a commited player can quickly muster a huge supply of ebony mories on a killer and basically play a full mori gameplay for a long time. It's just like iri head, I don't even play huntress outside of dailies so I just leveled her to 50 and then a bit more to get some important perks but I have enough add-ons and moris to ruin between 20 and 30 games. That's huge, will probably last me forever. So yeah you can't just use them endlessly on paper, but let's be honest, in most cases when you want to whip a mori you have one available unless you really abused them.
I see what you're saying. They're in the game, they should be able to use them. I honestly can't believe BHVR still has them in the game the eay they are though. They're miles away the most powerful thing in the entire game and basically guarantee a 4k. I have around 100 red Mori's saved up on my Hillbilly alone but I refuse to use any of them.
Moris are just fucked as a concept. Cutting off a third of the entire game is just... Why. Who's idea was this.
That's really not been my experience at purple/red ranks. I think I've only run into one toxic survivor in weeks, and all he did was DC when he realized I was playing Spirit, which isn't great but also isn't exactly e-bullying lol. 

I get teabagged every once in a while but I honestly don't care about that and don't get why so many killer mains get triggered over it.
I think it depends on your region, my games at night pop more frequently and are significantly more balanced. I don't even try to play in the mornings anymore because the queues are so long
Thanks brotha, catch ya on the flip flop
    Ash mains unite!
Hello fellow ash mains gotta say it was so satisfying Seeing our groovy boy escape he really caught him on the flip flop
Yeah thats the way to do it
o can u explain more, please?
    [deleted]
        I had no idea. I’ve yelled out loud playing with friend “I’m staring at him why the hell am I not revealing him”
            The power of stealth!
        So why doesn’t it reveal him I look at him in the middle of my screen :(
            dunno
            Need to look at him for a few secs before he is revealed, even longer if he use add-on.
                I know he needs time to be revealed, but the music that indicates you’re staring to reveal him doesn’t proc
            Should be fixed with the latest update.
                I sure hope so
Ah. And they changed the ability for PH to see survivors auras in the cage
What's the survivor advantage to escaping?  Is that like a personal win but not a team win?
    gives them 5000 extra points and better emblem progress (emblems are what you get to rank up)
    There isn't exactly a "team" win, per se. The main objective of Survivors I to escape, but it's an individual objective. You just can't do it without help, so you have to cooperate with the other Survivors. The closest to a team win is everyone escaping, which is rare. Game's balanced toward 2 dying 2 escaping, which is about the over all average.
Noice
I fifth that
    I sixth that
        seventh
            eighth
                I CAN ONLY COUNT TO 8 ? WHAT'S NEXT ?!?!
                Ninth
            Eighth! That guy deserved that shit.
                I infinity that
Damn
I was a claudette, p1. Did you have the plague doctor outfit?
    Ah, no, been running base Doctor recently and I'm pretty sure it was a Meg.
When the whole point of the game is two opposing teams trying to counter each other in an ongoing scenario of killer vs survivor, doesn't that just keep the game going?

Isn't the actual problem when people come to reddit?
Never said it was a positive way to vent, but I genuinely enjoy it sometimes. 


I'm never actually toxic, so if me using a Mori and a good build makes people flashlight click spam and tbag their next game, they were probably going to do it anyway.
    You just said you were a massive prick all game. Also, you could say the same thing about them. If them tbagging makes you bring an ebony mori and play like a dick you were probably going to anyways.
You know they're trained professional bullies because they're playing survivor!
    Shit u rite
guess he ded
Got a no scope warzone finish, clicked record what happened/last two minutes. Got a thirty second clip of where I fell off the roof and nearly died.
    supposed^TM

at least you get to enjoy falling off the roof though. I imagine that was on the previous attempt at pulling off the shot
PlayStation. You can only record the entire match if you:

 Start recording when the match starts, which doesn't make sense because you can't predict the future

 Set the timer to always record the last 30 min.
That's really interesting to me. I guess I haven't played against very many. Just got into green ranks for the first time.
Been saying the exact same thing since I properly started playing the game, shit like devour hope feel deserved because you need to work for it.
Equally I'd be fine if they just existed as a constant thing but only possible to do if the survivor is on death hook (a la pyramid head)
Agreed. I don’t even use ebony’s anymore because, why? Especially people who mori off first hook. That’s bullshit.
    I don’t use them because I think it’s bullshit when I get stuck with Ebony Mori killers who justify it with “BuT oThEr KiLlErS uSe ThEm”
Or doing 4 gens by yourself and having your 2 left over shithead teammates just bounce on out after not doing anything the entire game. 

Seriously, why? It's almost always a death sentence for the last guy, especially since they almost always do it in a chase, so the killer immediately closes it.
Ash mains unite!
[deleted]
    I had no idea. I’ve yelled out loud playing with friend “I’m staring at him why the hell am I not revealing him”
        The power of stealth!
    So why doesn’t it reveal him I look at him in the middle of my screen :(
        dunno
        Need to look at him for a few secs before he is revealed, even longer if he use add-on.
            I know he needs time to be revealed, but the music that indicates you’re staring to reveal him doesn’t proc
        Should be fixed with the latest update.
            I sure hope so
gives them 5000 extra points and better emblem progress (emblems are what you get to rank up)
There isn't exactly a "team" win, per se. The main objective of Survivors I to escape, but it's an individual objective. You just can't do it without help, so you have to cooperate with the other Survivors. The closest to a team win is everyone escaping, which is rare. Game's balanced toward 2 dying 2 escaping, which is about the over all average.
I sixth that
    seventh
        eighth
            I CAN ONLY COUNT TO 8 ? WHAT'S NEXT ?!?!
            Ninth
        Eighth! That guy deserved that shit.
            I infinity that
Ah, no, been running base Doctor recently and I'm pretty sure it was a Meg.
You just said you were a massive prick all game. Also, you could say the same thing about them. If them tbagging makes you bring an ebony mori and play like a dick you were probably going to anyways.
Shit u rite
supposed^TM

at least you get to enjoy falling off the roof though. I imagine that was on the previous attempt at pulling off the shot
I don’t use them because I think it’s bullshit when I get stuck with Ebony Mori killers who justify it with “BuT oThEr KiLlErS uSe ThEm”
I had no idea. I’ve yelled out loud playing with friend “I’m staring at him why the hell am I not revealing him”
    The power of stealth!
So why doesn’t it reveal him I look at him in the middle of my screen :(
    dunno
    Need to look at him for a few secs before he is revealed, even longer if he use add-on.
        I know he needs time to be revealed, but the music that indicates you’re staring to reveal him doesn’t proc
    Should be fixed with the latest update.
        I sure hope so
seventh
    eighth
        I CAN ONLY COUNT TO 8 ? WHAT'S NEXT ?!?!
        Ninth
    Eighth! That guy deserved that shit.
        I infinity that
The power of stealth!
dunno
Need to look at him for a few secs before he is revealed, even longer if he use add-on.
    I know he needs time to be revealed, but the music that indicates you’re staring to reveal him doesn’t proc
Should be fixed with the latest update.
    I sure hope so
eighth
    I CAN ONLY COUNT TO 8 ? WHAT'S NEXT ?!?!
    Ninth
Eighth! That guy deserved that shit.
    I infinity that
I know he needs time to be revealed, but the music that indicates you’re staring to reveal him doesn’t proc
I sure hope so
I CAN ONLY COUNT TO 8 ? WHAT'S NEXT ?!?!
Ninth
I infinity that
