[[Sinatraa has been suspended from competing in Masters this weekend]]





Hey there, /r/VALORANT user!

We're currently doing an experiment with videos on the subreddit. This week, **gameplay videos may only be posted in the daily rotating megathread on top of the subreddit**. Educational videos and eSports clips are still allowed on other days.

We're in our final week, so please [let us know your thoughts](https://old.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/m0cfub/video_trial_weeks_week_5_gameplay_clip_megathreads/)! All feedback is welcome, even if it's just "I don't like it"! Please help us make the sub better for everyone!

If you'd like to receive a reminder at the end of the week to share your thoughts, head over to [this](https://valorant.molenzwiebel.xyz/remind-me) page. Thanks!
glad such a quick response came from Riot. I’m eager to see Sentinel’s response as well
     https://twitter.com/Sentinels/status/1369717636553183238?s=20 

here you go
        thanks
            Does sentinels have a backup?
                they’re probably rushing to find a free agent player as of now
                    KOLER YES
                        as a big fan of KOLER i would love this. KOLER is amazing and he's nice af. he really deserves some recognition
                            i think it might be dizzy because he is a temporary stand in for SEN.
                                I love dizzy, but I'm not sure he is in the right mindset for this right now. I mean, competing in Masters takes a huge mental toll on a person and dizzy has looked mentally shaky even in pubs when streaming. He's still an insane player and grinds like a crazy, but I'm not exactly sure he is fine enough to compete at that level. I'd love to see him tho
                                    Dizzy also said he might go pro in a year or so if thata what he wants to do but for now he doesn't want to
                                    thats fair, but I too would love to see him
                                    [deleted]
                                Don't do this, Don't give me hope
                            [deleted]
                                he's such a nice guy i always enjoy watching his streams. he seems like a humble dude so i wish him the best.
                        can't be KOLER since he played in VCT with beastcoast
                        KOLER IS CRACKED
                    Has dicey gotten picked back up yet or is he not coming back to the pro scene?
                I hope for brax so hard
                    Same here brotha, brax would be a saviour for SEN if they subbed him in
                        Yeah like i don't get why he wasn't picked up yet. Duded insane
                Nope
                    They have dizzy
                    What kind of team doesn't have backups that can play? Seems stupid to not have any.
                        Idk ur downvotes but ur right
                            Yeah, sen fanboys I guess
                        Yes i agree. Not having any backups is kinda insane
        Damn...Twitter is toxic as fuck, thank god I stopped using it.
            would love to keep female friends away from any of the dudes replying to the twitter post.
                Just use the block function lol turn the screen off
                    I know you're just memeing (tyler? lol) but sadly these males are real people irl.
                        Pretty sure they don’t have the balls to say the same things irl like they do online
                            That's not what I meant. These are real men, who will one day get a girlfriend and treat them like shit because of those very beliefs.
            Twitter is the worst invention ever.  There should be a breathalyzer required before use as well.
                Yep. It's a place where anything that looks like hope for humanity rots away.
                Half the people on Twitter don’t even realize the severity of the situation and are defending this bastard blindly
            It is toxic as fuck and I'm glad you quit but if that is your takeaway from this situation you still have work to do.
                My takeaway from the situation is that Sinatraa's behaviour with his ex was disgusting and it was formed the moment I read cloe's doc. I was just referencing the toxic replies to the twiter post. Smh
                Have you seen some of the replies to the sentinels tweet? It’s pretty toxic
        The replies on that shit are terrible. Twitters a hellhole
        The fucking toxicity in that thread. Good lord.
        Love all the simps like, let's hear him out, if she was really having the issue why now... Well when these people are clearly presented evidence and still are pulling for them, maybe they should understand that the girl was probably pulling for him too, being in a relationship and all, despite the harm he was inflicting. People need to be more empathetic and realize that power imbalance situations in relationships and the sort severly complicate making already difficult choices and doing so cleanly.
    Sinatraa is fucked. Especially after all the press Riot has recently released about combating sexism, launching a Women's pro circuit for Valorant...

Riot has no choice here but to cut all ties with him, probably forever.
        Yea he's going need some serious receipts to come out of this clean.
            i dont think its even possible for him to come out clean no matter what receipts he has. i mean she has *audio evidence* not to mention chat screenshots.

sure he could claim the audio evidence was cnc, but with the text screenshots as well theres no saving him

edit: im seeing a lot of people mentioned the "its kinkplay" angle. thats what i meant by cnc (its a kink and stands for consent to not consent). so im saying that he could easily claim that they had safewords and it was consentual kinkplay, but because she also has text screenshots of her talking to her friends about it and him harassing her the chances of it being kinkplay are even less likely.
                That audio evidence is actually a video, she only posted the audio for obvious reasons.
                Doubt he could have anything against all of the allegations, but for the audio clip in particular, I saw someone mention that one possibility is that that kind of pushy/dominance play was an agreed sexual play between the two, which would actually be a believable angle.

That said, even if it were true, it seems highly unlikely that sinatraa could have any proof of that.
                    On top of this, why would she really want to do this? It could be a petty “get back” at someone, but she’s going to be hounded by cunts online for a very long time, *despite* it leaning to be very clearly true. You could have all the evidence in the world proving you were raped, abused emotionally and physically and you’ll still be attacked online. 

She’s got a pretty rough few weeks ahead of her, I hope she is able to block it out as much as she can and move forward now.
                    The thing is that she doesn't have proof of that either and tone of her voice is pretty weird. 

I just hope she press charges if there was an actual abuse going on. Ending a career is not enough for a sexual abuser. If she hasn't pressed charges then the story might involve things that we do not know about and  it's right to assume that there might be another side to this. It's not guilty until proven otherwise. 

I was on the "sent him to jail" train yesterday, but my girlfriend is a lawyer, I showed her the twitter thing and she said some things seem fishy and the only concrete evidence that cannot be twisted in any way is that the guy is an insecure asshole ,but that's not a crime at least here in the UK.
                Chats are way easier to fake than audios. I mean I could fake a chat with TenZ if I wanted just have someone pretend to be him
                    If you know his discord, you don't even need two people. Just make an alt and use one instance via browser and the other via client.
                [deleted]
                [removed]
                    No means yes? Please stop embarrassing yourself 💀💀
                        No doesn't mean yes but my point is a baby voiced playful no can be misread as a yes and it's her fault she didn't stand up for herself then but now trying to victimize herself
                            Here is a textbook example of victim blaming.

I’d rate 10/10 for sheer ignorance.
                            She said no multiple times, just stop.
                                I'm sorry but that no doesn't sound like she's resisting at all
        so true, Riot has invested much into equality for all gender gaming. for them to allow Jay Won back into their league for $$$ will be hypocrisy
            Well let's not forget that Riot themselves has had massive issues with sexism and inequality in these past years.
                Which is a big reason why they’ve been distancing themselves from that image and pushing for equal treatment lately.
        Good riddance
        I mean this is just straight-up rape here. Constant emotional abuse followed by gaslighting to wear down his girlfriend so she'd be quiet while he continued to rape her. Corporations love to hand-wave away sexual assault or misogyny or racism for their best players and pretend like the abuser has learned their lesson, but this one is a bit more serious than most accusations. I'm not sure she has all the evidence needed to prosecute this in court successfully, but this could end in prison time if she gets a good lawyer and presses it hard enough. I hope she does.
        Surely it's based on proof?  As long as he lawyers the fuck up asap and handles it properly then he should be fine.  Assuming he didn't do it.
    Well, Riot's had plenty of practice dealing with sexual harassment allegations after all. Several million dollars worth...
    FInally riot did something right
    Guilty by accusation is such a shitty system. I hope none of it is true.
    wait what happend?
        He was accused of raping his ex girlfriend
            holy shit
    Amazing to see how forgetful Riot fans are of Riot's sexual harassment scandal that wasn't really ever solved.
    I want to see some actual proof.
Wtf happened?
    https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/m1pwnc/sinatras_ex_speaks_out/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
        Holy fuck
            reasonable reaction
                I think its sad that she endured the abuse for so long. Celebrity status does not give people the right to abuse you.
                    Its not just the celebrity status. Victims of abuse often do mental gymnastics to avoid blaming the abuser if they love them. This was clearly the case here, however over time she was no longer able to deny the fact she was in an abusive relationship
            Off topic, but I like the username
        she also links an audio file in the doc. it's pretty scary to hear. Power dynamics are an actual thing in relationships and sometimes people don't learn that.
        Dude got fuckin exposed in 32K, there’s no way out of this but jail innit
            jailwill depend on if she presses charges and then can build a case against him that will unanimously convict. this is really difficult for non-wealthy people.
                Yeah jail might be a stretch to pull off and I kinda doubt she'll press charges anyway but this should for sure be the end of his pro career, at least for a loooong time.
                    it better fucking end his career, you cant rape a girl then keep your job
                The DA is the person who will decide whether or not charges are pressed in criminal procedures, not the person. So it’s out of her hands at this point.
                    The chance of the DA pressing charges or ever even finding out about this situation at all or there being any kind of preliminary investigation whatsoever to determine legal action are slim to none if she never even goes to the police.

Especially a year later. The DA will have no reason to even look at this case unless major evidence is presented directly to him by somebody. Even then, it’s already been over a year.
    ex gf sexual harassement claim w/ evidence. its a top post if you sort by top -> week
        She accused him of rape, not just sexual harassment or assault.
            Honest question, not trying to be a smart ass or anything, just uninformed. Does rape not fall under sexual assault legally? Are they different charges?
                I believe they are defined in the law differently yes. Without sounding dismissive of some peoples experiences sexual assault is the "lesser" crime I believe, non-penatrative stuff, but I am not even a resident of the US so I could be wrong.
                The exact definition varies depending on which country you are in but in general rape is a different and more serious charge than sexual assault.
                from my understanding all rape can technically be considered sexual assault/harassment but not all sexual assault/harassment is rape. sexual assault can refer to rape but also towards most kinds of non-consensual sexual acts that are physical (stuff like groping) and sexual harassment includes things that aren't physical like making unwanted sexual comments about somebody. so in this case sexual harassment/assault is an understatement because it would imply that sinatraa's actions were limited to something verbal or non-penetrative when what the victim describes is pretty clear cut rape.
                Just to add to this, In the UK the definition of "rape" can only be committed by a male as it must be penetrative with a penis. Similar actions by a woman would be classed as "assault by penetration", though charged and treated on the same level. 

Just something I learned early in my police career that I found interesting.
            on her end, she never said it was rape. she, in her mind, believed it wasn't rape. she even made it clear on the doc towards then end.

`Also, to everyone who says, "Why didn't you go to the police". I thought about it for weeks. I stood outside a police station and stared at it for like 20 minutes, then walked home. I didn't physically fight him. I wasn't scared of him killing me or anyone I loved. I wasn't unconscious. And that's what legally constitutes rape.`

but, it was. i hope she knows that it most definitely was. no means no. just because she didn't fight it, nor was afraid of death, doesn't mean that it wasn't. 

its really sad it see she doesn't believe it herself.
    Sinatraa's ex gf released a google doc accusing him of sexual abuse/rape along with a ton of evidence last night
    Great name lol
We all saw it coming. This is make this weekend very interesting. A pretty big favorite now has a giant obstacle to overcome.
The irony in those twitter comments hurts to see; She released a huge amount of evidence and they're going "wow another girl says shit and ruins a mans career, hate to see it!"


Like fuck off
    It’s so fucked how people are still trying to flip and put the blame onto her just for speaking out 

Like fuck off x2
        Why Twitter needs a dislike button
            Twitter needs to be removed from the internet. It's just a cess pool of morons.
                So does Reddit. Facebook. Tik tok. Social media is a cancer
                isn't it the same platform that helped the girl come out with her story though?
                    Still needs to be removed. The good doesn't outweigh the bad
                bruh someone downvoted this lmao
                    They are probably one of the morons that love Twitter
    Yeah people keep asking her why she released it online, did anyone question Sinaatra when he publicly insulted her, and lied about dumping her because she was "mentally fucked up"? He also mentioned several times that she threatened suicide. Now we know that was a lie.

Did anyone ask him why he's saying all that online?

But now that she's defending herself online, all of a sudden people have a problem. The fact that people are complaining about "cancel culture" about an actual rapist is sad.
        I just want to preface what im about to say with: yes, i don't understand peoples attitude about "omg she ruined his career" when she brought receipts. Very high chance he's rightfully done.

I wanted to ask: how do we know she didn't threaten suicide? Playing devils advocate, and the stuff with proof attached she's in the right, but that is still "he said she said" territory so I'd rather not call anything a fact unless we have proof
            &#x200B;

> I'd rather not call anything a fact unless we have proof 

She says she has the breakup text and I believe her. I could be wrong.  
I mean technically you're right but given the context, I'm inclined to believe her over him.
                Didn’t she say that she broke up over phone call? I’m very confused
                Also playing devil's advocate, the amount of evidence against sin is overwhelming here. If she was able to screencap many other texts why can't she screencap the breakup text if she has it?
                    What is the breakup text? It said in the word document that the breakup was over the phone, she mentioned something about being him being on speakerphone with a roommate next to her, it wasn't over text
                        She said the breakup was over text & phone
                            Yeah she mentioned in the doc that she broke up with him over phone.
                        Oh, then no documentation is completely understandable.
                I agree with you, and am leaning on that side! Just playing the devils advocate
    Its not cancel culture, its consequence culture.

Do stupid shit and there will be consequences.

Victim blamers will victim blame.
    CaNcEl cUlTuRe iS rUiNiNg eVeRyThInG

edit: in case you didnt notice this was sarcasm, if someone does something bad then you have every right to stop watching them, and if they are employed by a private company that company has every right to fire them
        And you just know those same assholes will boycott a company they don't like for a perceived personal slight.
            People who say "cancel culture is ruining careers" are the same people that get mad when a game company changes their twitter avi to rainbow for a single month out of the year
                except in china
        [deleted]
            Cancel culture isn’t a thing, you Neanderthal. It is called responsibility for one’s actions, and it has been around for a LONG time.
                I mean cancel culture isn’t “stupid people paying consequences for their actions” it’s “potentially stupid people pay consequences for actions they’re accused of”. An example was that one football player who lost his career for a chick that accused him of rape when it was all false but regardless he lost his career for something he didn’t do. I’m trying to think of an esports example but I started getting into it this year. Point is that there is such thing as cancel culture. It’s been a coined term for a reason.
                    Unicorn is a word but they don’t exist. Cancel culture is a right wing dog whistle for “anything I don’t like and have to face the consequences of my actions for.” It is not some cultural phenomenon of wide spread false accusations, that simply doesn’t exist. Wanna know why you can’t think of any others? It’s because you’re extrapolating a single event into some grand conspiracy.
                        No one said it was about false accusations reread what I said and who said anything about conspiracy lol? If you want to think of someone saying cancel culture as a conspiracy then be my guest💀. Listen man I’m just calling it how it is. If you’re trying to bring politics into it then do your thing but that’s not my cup of tea, especially on a esports subreddit
                this is stupid as fuck. People were sure as hell ready to cancel johnny depp werent they?
        I mean it is.
            In this case, it isn't. People keep using that buzzword but it lost all meaning. With hard evidence, it's not cancel culture, it's consequence culture.
        I mean it is, but this is completely separate.
    I'm going to take a guess that those types of people don't care at all about how much evidence is released or if he even admits to every single thing said in the doc. To those wastes of resources she will always be in the wrong because they don't care about what happened they just hate women or care more about some team winning than addressing a predator or all of the above and/or more.

I was arguing with someone earlier in a chat who was complaining that she "fucked over" the team by exposing him and how she has hurt more people than he ever did just by releasing this and how he was such a great (whatever role he plays or does I don't play Valorant just League) and how the team would be affected negatively. Mother fucker what?!!?!? HUH?! That's not how this works at all!

They genuinely did not seem to comprehend why that was just so fucking vile on so many levels. The concept of basically saying to just take it and suck it up so their team could get wins and the concept that they seemed to think the blame is even remotely anywhere on her just genuinely boils the blood on so many levels and I fear actively for any females in their vicinity.
    [removed]
        Sadly open misogyny in gaming has been a thing long before gamergate
    I've honestly never seen as many evidence with a claim before. Even after just reading the transcript of the audio clip, I knew this couldn't be good.
    all the incels trying to defend this shit is so fucking appalling and embarrassing. A ton of evidence but they still wanna “hear his side”. And it’s always men who’s been saying this shit under the tweets. what kinda side you wanna hear? what’s gonna change from him telling his opinion or side? nothing he can say will make this any better for him. he fucked up, he’s guilty, there’s nothing more to say here. these people are so quick to defend a potential abuser before a potential victim. not to mention the dumb shit about cancel culture like ? no ones trying to cancel an innocent man. why should a rapist and an abuser deserve a platform?
        Okay, if I get lambasted for this so be it but I want to point out that there is a line between victim shaming and wanting to hear the other person's side. Yes, the former often includes the latter but they are not the same thing. The shaming is messed up, especially considering the amount of courage it took for her to post in the first place. Saying that she's lying or faked the evidence or whatever because "egirl" is fucked up.

Saying that we should hear sinatraa's side is not the same thing. Don't be obtuse. To be clear, I'm convinced that he is guilty. But that doesn't mean that he shouldn't get a chance to say his side. Can you imagine a justice system that didn't give one side a chance to speak?

I'm also not trying to invoke all this "well historically there have been false accusations" shit. Previous cases are not relevant to this. She has put forth rock solid evidence of his wrongdoings. Let's follow some semblance of due process because being fucking civilized is *usually* a good thing, just saying. He'll get what's coming to him, and already has started to from Riot's swift response.
        Amber Heard.
        Thats why everyone in the world thinks americans are stupid , there is no real evidence the pictures are a stupid conversation between teenagers and the audio is like 8 sec. where she says no but we dont know in what context, so wtf are people out here believing everything she says.
    "why did it take her so long to come forward" literally read the document she explains.
    At the moment it's only one side.  Sinatra needs to lawyer up and counter any evidence presented and it needs to go to the authorities/police for a proper investigation.

I hope the public is not involved anymore from this point onwards tbh.  Because social media and the public should not be involved in this kinda shit.
    Normally im all about hearing both sides and letting each defend, but she provided so much evidence and it seems pretty obvious what was going on. Cant really defend sinatraa rn at all
    I think the problem is, is recently we did see a bunch of similar claims in the gaming community where about 50% of the them were flat out bullshit. Even worse the media kinda rallied around (Or at the very least ignored) the ones that were blatantly BS.

Of course, this one doesn't seem to be the case this time as the evidence she's provided would require her to be a genius villain to fake, but there is a reason why "The boy who cried wolf" is a fable taught to kids. It's not hard to imagine someone only half paying attention filing this under "Ugh not again".
        Can you give me an article or study showing 50% of the recent alienations were bullshit. Because I think your typing out of your ass right now.
            50% is probably a vast exaggeration, all I can think of the top of my head was the one league player for clg who got fucked over false claims
    Courts exist for a reason. People are doubting because if it was true (I’m not saying she’s lying) she should be going to the police not the Twitter mob. Just my two cents
        so many victims of sexual assault are unable to go to the police for numerous reasons, like she outlined in her statement. in addition, the often invasive and horribly misogynistic ways that the police and judicial system have time and time again shamed victims for coming forward and essentially silenced victims. other than the audio (and video recordings if she chooses to share with the police), the texts and other forms of emotional and verbal abuse may not neccesarily be recognized by the law. it takes so much courage for anyone to go to the police and seek help when there has historically been so much judgement and discrimination within the judicial system. she's allowed to speak her truth and whoever says "just go to court" or "just go to the police" are extremely ignorant about how these allegations are handled within a judicial system.
    Just guessing here, but that might be because they did not read it in detail and some of them might come from the League scene where Tuesday‘s career, an amateur player, was nearly ruined because a female streamer came out and accused him, which in the end turned out to be false.

She had „evidence“ as well but Tuesday was able to refute pretty much everything afterwards.
    he is 99 percent guilty but " huge amount of evidence", textx can be so easily fixed it ridiclous, the only thing that really makes them believable is the audio. There is no huge amount of evidence
Well done by Riot. There was really no other path to take until the situation clears out.
Look how far teabagging and shooting corpses can get you.

Joking please don't kill me
    I say we all go and teabag sinatraa, its well deserved
    The kicker is he even defends tbagging
        i tbag people its fun
The team and Riot reaction has been so fast. He's done for real.
    Sinatraa needs riot a million more times than riot needs sinatraa
    We can only hope
    Maybe done as a pro player, but the dude will still make a stupid amount of money streaming. Plenty of other people have mountains of proof and accusations against them showing their history of emotional abuse or what have you and they still stream to thousands of people.
Riot jumped on this faster than run-n-gun gameplay lol
    I still can't figure out if I'm playing Valorant or Call Of Duty.
Sinatraa is a rapist.
    Sadly, he is. Sucks that this guy was one of my esports inspirations

Edit: role models —> inspirations
        I know he is godly at video games but how is he a role model? His streams are nothing but toxicity. Dude is mad immature. Even without this whole mess of a situation I don't see how he was a role model. So many other great dudes to look up to.
            Man acted like a d-bag on stream and I’m not surprised that he’s one (and *much* worse) off stream too. Good riddance.

This community needs some actual role models not people like him.
                I honestly don't understand how people can describe streamers who are insanely toxic as good role models. This wasn't even debatable before the Cleo post, he is a known prick from Competitive Overwatch.

Who do so many make excuses for bad people?
                    And people wonder why it's so difficult for the abused to come out. They're usually making the same excuses and it's hard for them to come to terms with the reality of the situation.
                Hiko, AverageJonas, hell, even Dicey or Asuna, are great inspirations who aren't absolute pricks.
                    [deleted]
                        yes you are terribly uninformed my friend..I was there in the live stream and am 100% sure he said noob but cut it off at the n- ..and people do what they do best and jumped at the opportunity.
                I think Hiko is a good candidate for that title
            Boxer, Daigo, Faker, Scarlett, Shroud.  So many wholesome, mature and extremely talented pros to have as role models, not just in game, but in life.

And we gotta settle on Sinatraa.
                Or people like Grubby
                    Totally forgot about Grubby.
                Shoutout to Rapha, one of the best and most respectful FPS players of all-time.  If only Quake were more popular...
                Scarlett from SC2? Does she stream? That sounds like it'd be extremely interesting to watch
                Hey man don't forget step bro Hiko
            He wasn't a role model in terms of his personality for me, but instead his level of skill and his accomplishments, plus his story, the way he was revered for his insane dps in OW, his plays in Valorant, etc.
                He was pretty fuckin toxic in ow before he got a serious coach and even afterwards he wasn't exactly mother Teresa.
                Honestly, I hated the way he would act to other people on stream, but I watched him cause I knew he was the best and I wanted to learn, and I see why people don't like him
                    I knew he was a douchey child when his team won the first fight in an OWL match and he teabagged everyone lmao... it was literally the first fight of the first map...
                        come the hell one. Oh no HE TEABAGGED PEOPLE WHAT A PEACE OF SHIT!!!
                        [deleted]
                            He said he knew Sinatraa was a "douchey child", not a rapist
                So he wasn’t a role model. He was good at a game.
                    Yeah, I see that “role model” isn’t exactly the right term, and I apologize. Maybe more like inspiration? I’m really not sure what to call it, but he was one of the players I used to support and I looked to him if I wanted to get better
            You should've seen him as a toxic 16 yo on the overwatch ranked ladder. That shit wasn't even funny and compared to then he's the most reformed streamer you'll ever see.
                He was such an awful person on ladder, seriously. It amazes me he was never punished for it. I had a clip on my old PC from s3 of comp of Sinatraa telling me he’d “stomp my teeth out of my head” if I nanoboosted our Winston next team fight over him. Which made me laugh my ass off that a 16 year old kid who’s known for video games would be so angry and toxic that he’d threaten someone’s personal well-being over a fucking ultimate ability LMAO. Also couldn’t take him seriously as I know he weighs like 130 pounds soaking wet and literally spends 17+ hours a day at a computer. Talk about ego..
                    Yeah honestly, the guy would lose a fight to a squirrel lmao
                Yeah its weird seeing the types of fans who flock to personalities like that. I can understand occasionally being toxic or over confidence but when it's 24/7 it's no longer a joke.
            THIS. I never understood why he was “looked up to” by literally anyone. I have many experiences (awful ones, at that) of playing in OW pubs with Jay during seasons 1-5 of Competitive Overwatch and I could tell from a very early stage in his career that he himself would be the one to ruin it. The kid has some seriously deep-rooted issues that require rehabilitation, proper-education, and rightfully so; jail time. 

It blows my mind that the generation below me is so captivated by skill in a video game that so many of you overlook massive character-flaws and begin to idolize complete narcissistic, selfish, boarder-line sociopaths which in turn creates an even more terrifying and dangerous individual. I can think of over a half a dozen Valorant streamers who harbor a much more positive, welcoming and wholesome environment then Jay and their skill level is right up there with him. Please stop idolizing scumbags, please stop idolizing figures in the eSport scene as a whole if you’re idolizing them purely for the value they bring to the video game they play. Look past their ability to click a fucking pixel, and try to find something else in them to idolize, because trust me, there are many reasons to look up to or favorite streamers outside of the game. How do they talk to their chat? Do they have a wife or girlfriend, how do they interact with them while their on stream? Etc. thanks for coming to my TED talk
                [deleted]
                    Very fucking true and great point there. I find it much more evident and apparent in video game communities though because our interactions are for the most part, centered around video games while other shit like 45, could be pressing on vastly different topics all in the political sphere. In eSports though, you have a game and you have participants; and when this level of degeneracy surfaces it can be a lot more staggering. Most of us all are here for video games after all, so it makes sense for some to idolize their favorite players, I think it’s just being done for the wrong reasons. Much in the same reason for those who support 45.
                I think you have a pretty valid point. Personally, I think it is alright to look up to someone as inspiration, and that as long as you don't worship them and acknowledge their faults, it is alright, but I could be wrong
                    No I totally get the sentiment behind it and I surely have my idols in esports too no doubt! And I won’t hold any pretentiousness over that and say my idols are “better” they were just different. I grew up in a video game era where personalities in the pro CS scene like n0thing, pashabiceps, hiko (hey, we all know him!) were getting big and displaying insane skill levels while also exemplifying aspects of being incredible people off of the server, and I think that’s what I should have initially said opposed to “please stop idolizing esports people for their skill alone.” And more-so said it like I did just now. It’s one thing to acknowledge “damn, this dude/girl is INSANE at video games, I wanna play like them” and “I wanna BE them,” because that’s just unhealthy. Everyone deserves the respect for themselves to want to be the best version of just that, themselves..not some one else.
                What deep rooted issues? Explain?
                    Dropping out of high school to play video games for a living while making double the salary of what the average American does by age 17 can cause a lot of issues in a person if not handled responsibly, which is pretty evident as being the case for Sinatraa. Clearly there’s been aspects of his life that he has struggled with and he has projected those struggles in heinous ways. Just watch his streams or play in a match with him.. it’s pretty easy to tell he has fuckin’ issues mate. Do I know what they are? Not at all. It could be lots of things. Parenting problems, mental illness left unchecked, etc. a person simply doesn’t become that angry and that toxic and inconsiderate of others well-being without having some deeply-rooted issues that were left to just fester and become worse. Do I blame him? Yes, but not all the way. Somewhere along the way his support systems failed him horribly and now other humans have suffered because of it. Happens every day in this world and it’s truly sad.
                        Brax was a pro CS player even younger than him and you never saw anything like the garbage Sinatra was pulling, he’s just a bad person.
            because he was funny, and good i guess
            The moment when I heard he called people 'virgins' did it for me. Wrote this fella off asap.
        My Sinatraa Twitch prime subscription is still active. I feel dirty
        I was a Boston Uprising fan in season 1 of the overwatch league and a similar thing happened. Really talented damage player turned out to be a teen groomer. It sucks to lose such an amazing talent, but that's what it takes to hold people accountable and to have integrity. Cracked gamers come and go, but the damage of abuse is sever and lasting.
        Been watching this kid since he was 16 and tearing it up at Overwatch World Cup. I had such high hopes for him when he joined the League and mellowed out, seemed like he was really growing and responding to the coaching. I can still see him hugging his mom after his team won the League championships when he was crowned MVP. She bought tickets to the championships they second they went on sale, she was that confident and supportive. 

This is such a gut punch to me, feels like my own little brother has just been outed for this shit. I'm older, but I'm a woman and a gamer too. It took me a very long time to get through Cleo's testimony because I was inches away from a relationship like that at the same age. I've been sick to my stomach all day. I really hope she gets closure and peace about it. I'm so disappointed in sinatraa. May he reap what he has sown, but may he also grow enough to learn the error of his ways understand he can never take back hurting someone in this way and atone for what he's done
        Apart from his mechanics, what about him and his personality made him your role model?
        Your edit doesn't clarify anything, what about his personality inspired you?
            Nothing about his personality inspired me, it was his skills and decision making
    Only once he's convicted by a judge.  The evidence seems pretty damning, but most evidence does when presented by one side.

If she has audio of him raping her as she claims.  Then the whole thing needs to be shut down now and it needs to go to the police.

She shouldn't be fucking around with public releases and her friends are fucking horrible people if they allowed this to happen.

Hopefully riot has now stepped in and will open a police investigation so it can get properly sorted.
    Can someone explain what happened? Im out of the loop and at work
        sinatra's ex girlfriend posted a doc on twitter with audio recording and text screens of his behavior and they are pretty fucking real and you can tell that these shits ain no fake just by looking one of his streams vod, the guy is extremely toxic towards everyone who doesnt idolize him

short story dude is a rapist and a manipulative sexual abuser, disgusting tbh
        he multiple times didnt stop fucking her when she asked him to
            Claimed.  It needs to go to the police and through the courts.  He needs to be tried over this if he was raping her.  Due process must be done and he must face jail time.

This needs to be done properly.
                A business doesn't need due process to stop doing business with someone. What is so hard to understand about that?   


OJ Simpson was found not guilty of murder in a legal process, are you out there protesting about how CBS won't give him a broadcasting role now? He is not guilty, right? Would you do business with him?
                    I don't care about his career or riot's response, I didn't even mention it?

These allegations need to go to the police and through the courts, he needs to be tried.  Everything else is completely arbitrary.

Riot can do w.e the fuck they want, I couldn't give a shit.  This is more serious than any of that bullshit.  Riot are right to remove him from the tournament, and the team to suspend him pending investigation.  My hope is he lawyers up and goes to court, because this needs to be done properly.

If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision.  If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.
                        So OJ was found innocent. Should he be allowed back in the broadcasting booth or given a shot in the NFL as a assistant coach?

Innocent beyond a reasonable doubt is a criminal standard. The rest of the word doesn’t operate on a beyond a reasonable doubt standard, and riot can keep him banned regardless of what happens in court if they feel that the information released justifies it.

A small legal technicality can make the audio inadmissible in court, along with the text messages. I fully support getting due process in a criminal trial, but it’s ridiculous to insist that a business has to accept someone who they think is a murderer or a rapist.
                        >If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision. If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.

imagine thinking that the legal system defines someone's guilt

use your brain and draw your own conclusion, just as riot will do

sinatraa is a rapist and you don't need a fucking court to tell you that
                            I can't do that though? I don't have the information necessary to judge yet? It's highly unlikely I will either.  Sinatra has to present his own evidence and counter/disprove the claims against him yet.  Until he does I can't make an informed decision on anything.  To claim otherwise is folly IMO.

All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

The fact that you've already made up your mind is a little worrying tbf.  It means you're not prepared to view any new information and have accepted one set of evidence as facts without questioning.

This is why these things have to go through the proper due diligence and why it takes a long time.  This is also one of the reasons I don't like public court of opinions.  Because people take things at face value and don't think.

Also the legal system does define guilt.  That's literally why it exists for.

Is it flawed? For sure.
                                >All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations> (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

You are fucked in the head.

The screenshots display a clear pattern of emotional manipulation and abuse. Tracking one's partner and then guilt tripping them IS ABUSE. You are truly fucked up if you read the content of the screenshots and took nothing away from them.

Furthermore, the recording is damning. Listen to it.

I'm sorry but there is very little that can salvage this situation. Unless the recording and screenshots were faked, there is no doubt in my mind that Sinatraa raped and abused his girlfriend. His personality and pattern of tweets do him no favors either.

Finally, I am far more inclined to believe a person in a relationship with such a vast power imbalance. Those in positions of power (ie. rich men) are orders of magnitude more likely to commit sexual abuse.

>Also the legal system does define guilt. That's literally why it exists for.

It does not. It exists to protect the capitalist class and suppress minorities, at least in the United States. It does not exist to establish guilt.
        [removed]
He's a rapist, no means no guys, always.
    And because I saw a few dickheads trying to make a point on twitter, no means no:

1) even if you're in a relationship. Being committed does not mean the people in the relationship are obligated to have sex with you when they don't want to. Some people genuinely think non-consensual sex isn't rape if you're in a relationship...

2) even if the other person initially says yes. Once they say no or start to feel uncomfortable, that's when you stop.
        Yep, consent can be withdrawn at any time it doesnt matter if you are close to being done or whatever, no means no.
        https://youtu.be/oQbei5JGiT8
        About point 1, it's only been 40 years since that became a legal issue between spouses in the US. Before that there were no consequences and it took until the mid-90s for it to be enacted in all states (about 25 years ago). And even some states now don't think it's rape unless it's physically forced.
    https://youtu.be/GZ3QHTpMZgQ
Did anyone ever think Sinatraa was a good guy to begin with?
    Even his fans know he's a D-bag... Only thing they can pull out to defend him is "let's hear his side first"
        Even if you don't like him, you should still hear both sides
            I agree and I never said we shouldn't hear his side of the story. Riot and Sentinels should take action based on hearing both side
            Yeah he will need something really compelling though. She has the receipts for sure.
            "Na bro people who side with her are virgins SHEESH" Probs what he would say
        at least they pull out, unlike sinatraa
    I knew I wasn’t the only person who thought he was kind of a douche bag. I couldn’t understand why he was so popular on Twitch, cause whenever I watched him on Stream he always seemed to awkward and hostile towards his chat. And he would always talk about bro things like Working out and stocks, it felt so cringe and his subs were the same way. Guess they looked up to him and wanted to be just as “alpha” as him. I wouldn’t be surprised if these allegations were completely true aside from what has already been proven.
    Sinatraa is such an asshole on stream LOL. Nobody watches him for his personality, he's boring, toxic, and just overall dumb. Only thing he's good at is videogames.
The fucking cesspool of ignorance and victim shaming on Twitter is amazing. I fucking hate that I have to share a planet with these people.
    fuck twitter. let the higher-ups deal with him.
    Delete your twitter account if you have one, that place is a forsaken desert land of negativity.
    What did you expect from Twitter?
I’m actually not suprised at all.  I remember back in the day I turned on his OW stream for the first time and he was throwing a tantrum and being incredibly disrespectful to the viewers and followers, like telling them to go watch someone else being disrespectful with rage.  Ever since that day I’ve always highly disliked him and my friends always thought it was funny how I still disliked him over it.  Looks like i’m right, this fits exactly the vibe I was getting.  Also don’t try and defend this, makes you look really really bad and there is evidence he is done.  Forcing things on people especially like this is one of the worst things you can do, no means no and again, do not defend this.
    EXACTLY, half of the people from the ow community have , incredibly big egos and a toxic personality, or are pedophiles and rapists, sometimes both.
        There's been a few but I still wouldn't generalize that to the entire OW community.

But yes, I have noticed as an OW player that Overwatch community does have a lot more mentally ill people than other games
        Name 5 former/current overwatch players who are pedophiles, rapists... And name like 3 that are toxic with big egos :/
            Sinatra, redshell, xqc, dreamkazper,  moufin, kephri, that's the stuff off of the top of my head, im not going to spend my time researching all the creeps and toxic players there are, but I mean just look at all the controversy there is surround pro players. Also what's with all those specific numbers lmao.
                xqc???
                    yes, xqc is toxic
    What evidence? Is there posted messages or something?
worth my free wholesome award
    Not the most wholesome of reads but I guess awards boost the posts exposure :)
I always knew sinatra was a dickhead, hope his fans will know that too after this
Jay Won more like Jay Lost
Pretty disgusting not only did he do some downright heinous shit to that girl but he put his teammates in a terrible situation.
    what did he do
        He sexually abuser his girlfriend a while back and she recently released a statement with proof.
            Just want to correct you - he is being accused of rape.

I'm not sure if you didn't read the allegations or what, but I don't want people to read your post and think that the accusation against Sinatra isn't an incredibly serious allegation. Sinatra is not being accused of unwanted sexual touching, exposure, or any of the "lesser" crimes that fall into the sexual assault umbrella - he is being accused of rape.
        he emotionally abused his ex and physically raped her repeatedly
    His actions are from over a year ago, he didn't put his teammates in any situation. This story coming out now is what puts his teammates into the rough spot
        I see what your saying but I doubt his teammates see it that way I would be furious if I was on his team.
            His teammates will either deny anything has happened (because that is easier for the human mind) or read the stuff and probably just see him as a completely different person, who they might not want to associate with at all.
                Or.....they won't care.
                    which is option A
                        I think what they meant was that they won’t deny it they just don’t care he did it
                            It's a form of denial.
                    Even if the individual teammates didn't care, no org would ever have him on their roster.
            thats cuz yer dumb
        I mean, he chose to be an asshole years ago and at the time he was also an esports player, so he put his teammates in a tough spot at some point in time.
            Being a dick and being an abuser aren't exactly the same thing. His teammates dealt with his asshole personality, not anything even close to abuse or sexual assault
                Try to use your brain
        no he did put his teammates in a shit situation by being a shit person I'm pretty sure. Don't try to shift the blame onto the story coming out being the issue.
        Every time you act without good character you are putting those close to you at risk. Even those close to you years away. Karma doesn’t care when it gets even, only that it does.
            Karma doesn't exist. Pretty funny how people use it as an excuse to wish ill on someone else like it makes them a better person lol Santa isnt real either...sry
        He put his teammates in a shitty situation.
        Or maybe don't make terrible decisions that could come back and bite you in the ass? Regardless of how far removed, yeah it is his fault and he put them in this situation.
        So you’re saying his actions didn’t put his team in a rough spot? The story is about his actions. There would be no story without them. He did this to his teammates.
            Obviously there is no story if there nothing worth telling a story about. I clearly know that, and knew that when I made the comment. The effect on his teammates is 0 until it becomes public information though, that's just true
                We’re just going to keep repeating the same arguments. The story needed to come out for this to effect his teammates, yes, but his actions caused him to get suspended so it is his fault, ultimately. His teammates would have every reason to blame him. I guess the reason I’m even responding is because it seems like you’re diverting the blame when it’s all on his actions. No shitty behavior, no story, no suspension.
                    Obviously I know this. I knew this when I made the first comment. There can't be an abuse story without the abuse. I was responding to someone who said sinatra put his teammates in a bad situation. Obviously sinatra is responsible for the overall situation. But the situation his team is in is a direct result of this information being made public, not him doing the bad things. He had done the bad things this entire time he's been playing valorant. Its a logical point I was making here. Not diverting blame or assigning moral responsibility for individual parts of the situation
        So you are saying he should not consider his horrible actions which traumatized another person to might affect him or other people around him later in life? How about try to not treat other people as shit and be a decent human being. And by the way "over a year ago" is NOT long ago.
        Well well well, if it isn't the consequences of my own actions.
        Wouldn't have been a problem if there hadn't been a story to come out. Shit like this is a landmine waiting to blow up a team.
            True. I was only saying it's the problem being made public that causes the effect on those around sinatra. Obviously problems can't be made public if there are no problems. A lot of people seem to be interpreting it this way. Probably too hot of a topic to bother making this not very important point
                And I'm just sayinf that it's going to come out eventually and there will never be a good time to lose a crucial member of your team. He basically pulled a pin on a grenade and passed it to every team he's been on since. I really don't want to frame it like it's the girl's fault even though I know that's not your intention.
                    If you think it's "going to come out eventually" no matter what then absolutely, it's like pulling a pin on a grenade and just holding onto it. I think this is probably just too hot of a topic to bother arguing a point of so little importance. Was a mistake in my part
                        I just think the way you framed it is bad.
        We don't know if he actually did do those things. If he did, then he deserves everything he has coming at him. If he didn't tho, I'd feel bad for him
            I mean his ex girlfriend shared audio clips which pretty clearly show sexual abuse so I think it’s safe to say he did in fact do those things.
                Where?
                    https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/m1pwnc/sinatras_ex_speaks_out/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESHHHHHHH
    he done really sheeeeeesh’ed his career down the drain
        He lucky hes not gonna be sheeeeeeeshing in a prison cell
    1head mate
Good job by Riot and Sentinels for quick response. Can't have people like this roaming around and representing your brand. Too much evidence on the table and would've caused mass outrage if Riot/Sentinels didn't step in.
Man I wish all this never happened I love Sentinels mostly all because Sinatraa. This all just feels like a bad dream. He fucked up bad and nothings going to fix it.
    I feel exactly the same way. I moved to Valorant from CSGO and overwatch because of sinatraa, and I got into esports because of the Shock. It just doesn’t feel real
        Why move completely from CSGO and Overwatch?
            Partially cause new game that I enjoyed, partially  because my friends that aren’t into “hardcore”games like CSGO were into Valorant. The news of Sinatraa moving games was what introduced me to Valorant
                I wish my friends played Valorant too, I don't really enjoy solo Q too much but it's fun to play with friends. The friends I played it with are all back to playing mostly CS. 

But then again, we are in EU where the Valorant hype didn't last as long and where CS is more popular by Valorant pretty clearly. But if we take a look at NA, the CS player numbers are disasterously low, the lowest they have ever been and Valorant is much more popular.
                Do you only play Valorant now?

I personally can not imagine playing only 1 game. I play a ton of different FPS Shooters such as:

* Apex Legends
* Overwatch
* CSGO
* Valorant
* Battlefield 4 and 5
* Rogue Company
                    I play any game I really feel like playing, I still play a bit of OW and CS every once in a while, but mostly Valorant
                    [removed]
                        ayye same games I play
    You will have much more fun watching Aceu. He is a great role model for young gamers  :)
Good riddance, never liked him even in the overwatch days
damn he really done this time
Sinatraa's response [here](https://twitter.com/sinatraa/status/1369849384398184449). She rightly predicted his response.
Sorta unrelated question, where do we watch upcoming tournaments?
    NSG
        Nerd street gamers (NSG) on twitch
Wait what happened? I live under a rock.
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S9OpZhPEWLyBt9baj4xzC2mnk_2327AS_iOhheJfA04/preview?pru=AAABeEHrF1Q*BQGW8Px_SYnjDXCjHI8KLg

His ex spoke out about being sexually assaulted by him
LETS GOOOOO hes a jerk
I feel bad for his team. Now they’re getting screwed over because of his actions. Let’s see how they perform while missing a major part of their roster
    They're only decent when he's playing, now that he's gone they probably won't even make it past the first round
I love sinatraa as a player and as a competitor and as a streamer. But holy hell, that still does not make me even think twice about this situation where he is wrong.
    You love him as a streamer? Poor camera quality, trash talking people in game and on his chat and keeps saying "im done". Didn't even last 10 mins watching this dude.
        Yep tuned in to learn because he’s a good sova player and left within 5 minutes because he was a giant douchebag
        Its people's opinion ok? I like to watch him time to time pro play or streams but what he did is more than not right and I can see why people dont like him even before the situation.
            Im not saying he is wrong with his opinion. Im just wondering why would someone like a low quality production toxic streamer. But hey, whatever floats OP's boat.
                Well it depends on the person why they enjoy watching a certain streamer. For me, I watch him to try to learn and because he makes me laugh sometimes. But the situation is just insane. I never thought he would do such things even if hes an dumb and toxic sometimes.
        I can watch whatever I wanna watch man. The hell is that shock? That's like being a chocolate dude and give that exact response when you hear someone likes vanilla.
Okay I've been living under a rock. What happened?
    Sinatraa ex accused him of sexual assault last night
        Damn. Thx for the info
            not sexual assault, rape.
                Rape is a form of sexual assault

That's like saying "it's not a car, it's a mustang".
    [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S9OpZhPEWLyBt9baj4xzC2mnk\_2327AS\_iOhheJfA04/preview?pru=AAABeEHrF1Q\*BQGW8Px\_SYnjDXCjHI8KLg](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S9OpZhPEWLyBt9baj4xzC2mnk_2327AS_iOhheJfA04/preview?pru=AAABeEHrF1Q*BQGW8Px_SYnjDXCjHI8KLg)  


tldr he was accused of rape with a bunch of screenshots and an audio recording of him ignoring no by his ex
Can anyone explain to me what happened?
That was a quick response from Riot, well done
Nice
Glad it’s happening always hated his attitude
Happy to see Rito acted so quickly. Now I want to see what Sentinels will do.
The most I can do is unfollow and unsubscribe from Sinatraa’s twitch and YouTube.
can anyone confirm they can't pick dicey up?
    why would they, dicey doesn't play sova or raze very well. if they want to switch shaz to sova on ascent/haven and put dicey on the jett it wouldn't be optimal either.
        Bruh nothing's optimal, you think they're getting tenz? I'm just spitballing plausible ideas. Like they have to play... Dicey is probably the best/most notable FA
            why pick up dicey when there are other great players like derrek or tex? they play sova and tex plays raze. dont get me wrong dicey is great but he doesn't fit sen rn
            TenZ is for C9, doubt they would let him play for Sen.
                you can sub in while being signed to another team. technically any player that's not in masters can play for sentinels currently if the org allows it.
                    I'm sure they could, but why give an opposing team an awesome player? Seems like bad strats lol
                        I mean it could be for TenZ. C9 Blue isn't qualified in Masters anyway so they won't get points either way. However, TenZ competing in a high level tournament can do him good and you know maybe wants to make a comeback from playing those type of games. You can't replicate the feeling of tournaments in pubs.
                        I mean, TenZ isn't even a player right now, he's a content creator. While it's kinda dicey(no pun intended) letting you poster child sub into a team like Sentinels, if Sentinels offered good money for a loan and TenZ really wanted to, that could happen, without disrupting the strategy of the C9B team.
                    i have a feeling that neither C9 or 100T would allow it... why would you let your players (who are representing your org) play for another team?
                        [deleted]
                            Doesn't even matter.  Tenz has a contract for C9.  No way is there a clause that says "If we don't make an event you can play as a standin for another org"
    Personally, I don't think SEN would pick up dicey simply because he is a Jett player and SEN have Shahz already, but idk, they might.
        Nadeshot it is
        [removed]
            We don't know what his contract is like OR how open minded 100T management is. I think loaning out Dicey for free for masters would be a MASSIVE pr move, I don't think 100T would be dumb enough to block it.
                “Lets just lend a guy who knows all our strats to our opponents in a major tournament” LOL
                    I mean their comp has completely changed and Dicey isn't practicing with them anymore, who knows how useful he'd really be
                        Even then dicey would know their tendencies/how they like to play even on an individual basis and could use it against them there’s no way they crutch themselves like that
                            But so will Sentinels anyways, no? They've played tourney games and scrims, they know everyone's roles and how they play already
            I'm pretty sure they are letting him explore other opportunities.
                Just to confirm, Dicey himself said he was scrimming for a new team M,T, and today.
            Hiko said he is free to explore options, hes just "benched".
I feel so bad for his teammates. Hope they find a good sub.
He can still play in the NFL, though!
[deleted]
    [removed]
Well deserved
So uh, kind of off topic but I wanna lighten the mood a bit, who do you think will be the 5th player for SEN
sort by controversial checkpoint
    the cancel culture has started kicking in.
        Accountability culture.
-sinatraa
+brax 
ez masters ez life
LMAOOOOO LOLOLOLOL RAPIST EXPOSED
What does Riot and Sentinels have to do with an investigation? They cant arrest him, they have nothing to do with the court or law, it makes no sense. Worse case if the allegations are true, his career is over but he isn't going to jail like people want him to. If he is innocent then people will still label him as "that rapist" for the rest of his career. If she isn't gonna file a police case against him then what was the point? to just ruin his career and call it gg? doesn't make sense.
I read that entire doc and my heart stopped. That dude is a piece of shit.
good.
Let’s not praise Riot for their response when similar abuse happens in their own offices and they fail to handle it well
    [removed]
        It's either the investigation found no wrongdoing or the classic "we investigated ourselves and ultimately found nothing wrong" and we honestly don't know which one.

But yeah, Sinatraa's fucked.
            Outside of police departments, these virtually always end with the accused employee getting fired/scapegoated. He's not unionized. He's not some important owner/majority shareholder. Don't kid yourself and say that  "we investigated ourselves and ultimately found nothing wrong" is a classic/easy line for this situation. And remember "we" = the company, not the employee. It would actually be very, very rare and unusual considering the circumstances not to fire the employee if they found significant wrongdoing.

source: Am lawyer who has actually been tasked with internal investigations of companies accused of wrongdoing. These internal investigations are always "find the easiest employee scapegoat to pin it on and fire".
                > these virtually always end with the accused employee getting fired/scapegoated.

Source?  Are you in a different country?  Do you work for a company with a classy HR team?

I have multiple close friends who have been sexually abused at work and it has resulted in investigations that have gone no where.  HR is there to protect the company, and shoving things under the rug or forcing the victim out is sometimes the best way to protect the company.  At the end of the day, they don't give a shit about victim or accused, they do what's best to quiet the situation.
                    [deleted]
                        Ah yes, well if the accusations go public then of course the situation changes because the company is then pressured to "do the right thing".  If the accusations are investigated internally and nothing is publicized, the sad fact is things seem to get quieted.
    Shit true
Having a global head of competition already paying off for RIOT. If this dragged on the PR they would catch especially with all the other lawsuits within the company, it would be devastating.

And this puts into perspective the biggest difference between Valorant and CS. Valorant actually hire people to manage shit, and they manage quickly and efficiently.
This sucks for Sentinels.
Yes! Good job. We dont need people like him
Jay Won’t
Well, I suppose Jay Lost.
Definitely worth hearing out both sides, but as of right now Sinaatra seems like a manipulative asshole.
Bruh this whole time I’ve been thinking they were talking about frank sinatra. Fuck my life
Glad there's a proper investigation going on. Someone like this has no business being one of the biggest names in esports. He's a criminal
Oh noo, anyway
Riot employees complain of sexual harassment in the workplace? i sleep

Valorant player accused of sexual harassment: "Real shit?"




Not defending Sinatraa here, but it's just kind of funny
Can I get a W counter. 





W
I don’t even know who this guy is
    Pro player for the current #1 team in NA
        oh, thanks for letting me know. I’m new to valorant, idk why I got downvoted but it’s ok!
    Why the downvotes?
        idk but it’s okay I was just wanting to know who he was
I’m not defending this kid whatsoever I think it’s despicable behaviour if it’s true and I do reckon it is.

it is however, explainable. Immense popularity to a youngster like him while being quite a recluse can have astronomically confusing results for his brain on a social level. It is why so often teenage superstars go off the rails. 

Please again I must repeat I do not condone his actions in anyway shape or form but we can sit here and call him every name under the sun and wait for the next person to do it, or we can discuss that change has to happen in terms of there being more guidance for these youngsters. 

Unfortunately there are way too many humans out there who are blood sucking leeches and will worm their way into some unsuspecting victims life for their own personal gain. So they need guidance for the people they choose to guide them......

I know if I was given the fame and money these guys were on my life would be more of a mess than it is already!
    I'm not sure how much guidance it takes to know not to rape someone tbh fam
        Probably need to better educate people on what is actually rape. Like I know this was rape, you know this was rape, but I'm sure there are a lot of people that don't see this as rape since it's missing the physical violence component many people associate rape with. That's something that needs to be fixed still (even though it is getting better).
            Better sexual education for teenagers would be a start, and stronger guidance for youngsters who get propelled into fame out of nowhere. It's like when we see young sports prospects go off the rails so often in regular sports.
            If this kid needs to learn that someone saying, "No, stop, no" over and over is actually them asking you to, you know, stop, then  we need to seriously question the credibility of every grade school he ever attended. 

There is no explaining this away aside from, "He didn't listen to her and did what he wanted." That's the only explanation.
        If none of you think his fame had any impact on his recent actions then I feel sorry for how short sighted you are.
            It’s a shame that so many people are unable to have a civil discussion without compartmentalizing and shutting off. If there is any course of action or process that could be done to mitigate this kind of behavior then it’s worth doing.
                Yeah it is, but Reddit has just turned into every other social media platform. A place for vultures to prey on the fuck ups of society to get their likes/upvotes. Then it’s all forgotten about after a couple weeks and they carry on with their merry little lives until the next human does something despicable so they can ridicule them. Rinse and repeat. Doesn’t help solve the issue but it makes them feel popular because so many people enjoy other peoples failures so they’ll always get approval in the way of likes/upvotes. 

What he done was absolutely terrible, but virtually hanging him does absolutely nothing to prevent the issue again, but then again what would the righteous redditors have to laugh at if people like this young lad didn’t pop up every so often completely self destructing.
    Weird how a lot of men need instructions to not be creepy rapey perverts
        It's weird how humans in general need instructions to not do terrible things to be honest
        To be fair I think he has a valid point, "absolute power corrupts absolutely" is a pretty true statement. While he didn't have genuinely absolute power but he had fame and prestige of being such a good player in 2 different games. All while making massive amounts of money at a young age. Obviously what he did is fucked, and I don't mean for this to sound like an excuse for him; but maybe he never had something or someone to teach him how to be a good person or morals, and while he was 'on top of the world' he didn't realize what he was doing was as fucked up as it is. This is all hypothetical and I don't want it to sound like I'm trying to make excuses, as I don't watch pro play that much and don't know too much about him.
 I do think a mentoring program would be beneficial in creating role models and instilling values in these players who might need that in their life.

Edit: I say this as someone who never had a real example of how to be a good person or man until I was ~14, the man I met around that time changed my life and how I acted for the significant better. I was lonely, depressed, and very angry at the world. I probably would have been some crazy far right republican if not for him. I'm just trying to express the importance and impact a role model has in a person's life.
        No need to bring gender into this, it goes both ways.
    This. This needs to be higher and needs to be talked about. We put these 15/16/17 year olds in the limelight and expect it to not go to their head. Without guidance fame and fortune is corrupting to impressionable minds, and q conversation needs to be had

Edit: I'm not entirely sure what I said that was so different from OP. I'm not excusing the guy, he's a fuckstick, but I think a conversation about mental health needs to be had, because I believe this is preventable.
        People do not need fucking guidance on respecting the word “no” — it’s literally one of the first things people are taught in life — what no and yes mean. Sinatraaa is an adult. He fucking knew better, and still chose to be a rapist.
            But there's an aspect of mental health that you're ignoring by saying that. On some level, he doesn't understand that no means "no,". I'm not saying he's not an awful human being, he is, but you don't seriously believe that this could be something that could have been fixed through therapy or guidance before he got where his now? I just don't have it in me to believe that shitty human beings are shitty human beings from birth and that this couldn't have been avoided.
                [deleted]
                    I think the other guy was advocating more more mental health programs/awareness, because no well adjusted person could ever rape another person. I don't think they advocated for lessoning a punishment. I saw it as a "fixing the reason why this happens" but that's a discussion on the human condition that I'm not qualified for.
                    I'm not even remotely forgiving him or claiming the crime is less. That's not anywhere in anything I said, at all. I'm saying that we still live in a world where mental health isn't taken seriously enough and this could have been prevented.
                Man, you’re being gross. I didn’t say he was a shitty person from birth. I’m saying he chose to be a shitty person. He has known success and wealth for several years. He has been an abuser after the success and fame. You cannot make me feel bad for a rapist who had plenty of access and money to help if they actually needed or wanted it. 

Stop making excuses for someone who repeatedly chose to rape. It’s disgusting.
                    I'm not, and have never said anything to excuse what's he's done, nor am I trying to make you feel bad for him, that's not anywhere in anything I said. 

It's fucked, he's a vile human being, but what if we learn from that and give the next kid the mental health counseling he needs before it gets to this point.
                        We have nothing to learn, dude. We all fucking learned as infants to stop whatever we’re doing when someone says no. You can’t rehabilitate people who choose to ignore that. Stop trying to make this some social system failure. It’s not.
                            I don't agree. I think you're assuming that every person in the world is taught by their parents that "no means no" because you were, but some people aren't. Some spoiled rotten kids learn that if you put up a big enough fight, you can get what you want, because it worked with their parents. 

It's fucked, especially on this level, but why the hell would we not try and prevent this in the future if we can by just acknowledging that this is preventable with the right guidance/therapy? 

Edit:

This isn't the first case of this, look at what happened in the Smash scene, and if we don't have a conversation about it, it won't be the last. You called me gross off an assumption, so now I'll make my assumption, I think you're gross because you don't want to stop this from happening to someone else.
                                Id leave it alone brotha, some people dont understand that when kids get to the top of that fame mountain, that the phrase "wow, i can literally do whatever i want, people love me" does enter their minds. I agree that young people need to be guided and reminded that even though you found success early and when you're a star you get babied by your company/org that doesnt tells you "no" that doesnt mean you can go and LITERALLY do whatever you want without consequence,  obviously sinatra is past that point, rape is not something to overlook and shouldnt be forgiven, but the concept you are explaining i agree with and support.

Edit: made some adjustments to clarify
        There are hundreds of 17 year old esports pros that haven't raped people. It's not complicated.
            So we just say, "cool, since it's only 1 in every couple hundred, we're good"?
                No, it's more about the person than the position. Anyone with the skills and drive to be a professional gamer is capable of getting a girlfriend and abusing them without being famous.

I don't think we should blame or expect anyone involved in Sinatraa's career to do something differently for this other than Sinatraa himself.
    Here, have a downvote.
Its great to see the overwhelming amount of support for his ex here, Sadly twitter is much more toxic
Can someone tell me what happened?
    [Tweet with document here.](https://twitter.com/cie0h/status/1369497186740928512?s=21) 

Sinatraa's ex-girlfriend released a lengthy document detailing her sexual and emotional abuse from sinatraa with detailed audio recordings and chat logs. The evidence against sinatraa is fucking damning.
The people defending Sinatraa on Twitter are just absolutely disgusting. Completely heartless
if this is such a big problem why doesnt she just take him to court? not guilty but not innocent until take to court. twitter guilty, twitter guilty, thats bullshit, im not defending him im just saying that for 100% clarification that hes guilty, it HAS to be taken to court and judged by REAL people
Wat he do doe
    Ex brought up rape accusations against him, provided receipts and audio as well.
What happened? Like why was he suspended?
    He sexually abused his girlfriend
        And how did this got public?
I'm out of the loop what happened
    Just search up sinatraa on twitter :\\
Best possible course of action for both sides
context?
Sorry, but emotionally manipulative people who force their partner to have sex by using guilt, or other means, are rapists. Fuck this dude. He deserves jail time.
    That’s a stretch. If he didn’t physically force her or drug or something like that I don’t think jail time would be appropriate. Still a dick if he manipulated her emotionally though that’s not cools
Big surprise from a guy that already looked like Richard Ramirez
What did sinatra do?
Wait what happened?
So sad. How easy someone's career can be destroyed by some alligations. Just outright stupid.
    So sad. How easy men can abuse women and for the majority of their brainwashed fans, they will defend abusers. Just outright stupid.
What's it gonna take for gamers to just not?
Honestly guys we don’t know the entire story and we have to assume innocent until proven guilty. I know that’s not how a lot of you like to think but a rigorous analysis of the evidence has not been done so let’s wait until we make our judgment.
I would say 95 percent of this sub is calling for Sinatraa's head right now. The evidence is by all accounts horrible and strong. There was clearly massive amounts of toxicity and forms of abuse present.

However, toxic & abusive relationships *do not equal* rape. That is an entirely different conversation, and it's shocking how many of you are 100 percent certain that Sinatraa crossed that line, and deserves punishment *based off the evidence we have now.*

I am not saying that Sinatraa is not guilty - in fact if i was a betting man i would say he *is guilty.* What im saying is that we clearly have one side of the story, and the audio clip would 100 percent NOT be considered conclusive evidence that rape occured. More evidence would be examined for such a serious, life ending allegation. Police are on it now and they will have access to the source material and will be better able to make a more accurate assertation.

If you think that audio clip makes it 100 percent certain that it was rape, then you're wrong. You would be in the majority, and it's strong evidence, but it is not 100 percent conclusive. It's an edited 15 second clip, in an uncontextualized situation. For example, It could literally be the case that she was giving him a HJ for example and he was telling her to keep going. It could be the case that she literally lied, and he didnt actually go closer to her but verbally just tried to 'convince' her to keep going, and gives up *right after the clip ends.* This is still abuse, yes, but it's a different kind that is treated differently in US law. Police will probably then have to look for patterns of this behaviour and determine if it was an isolated incident vs recurring as she's claiming etc.

Im playing devils advocate but we *have to* for this to be fair. Rule of law exists for a reason. Let's all give everyone a fair shot, especially when we're talking about lives   121
    After watching Legal V, I am completely suspicious of any and all out of context audio recordings.
Is there any proof to substantiate this chicks claims aside from her posting an expose on a google doc? Thats a he said she said and the timing is literally running this kid.. which is fucked if she is lying... which IS something a jealous chick on the outside looking in would do.

&#x200B;

Im not saying thats what happened btw, just straight up asking... before you hang someone... you dont do it based on one persons statement with plenty to gain.
    I didn't listen, but I'm pretty sure she uploaded an audio clip from a "session" they filmed. If she shares said video with the officials, the dude is pretty much fucked.

[Edit] Normally I would agree with this sentiment. We've seen a lot of times where people jump to conclusions and it blows up in their face. However this time there seems to be fairly concrete evidence of abuse that was provided by the victim.
        johnny depp + amber heard

you can't jump to conclusions because "this time" there seems to be fairly concrete evidence
    The fact that you only refer to her as a “chick” pretty clearly shows your biases, lmao
Just curious, why did she post the evidence to twitter? Why didn't she just take him to court? Is it to like defame him and then send him to jail?
    For someone in their early 20s in 2021, filing charges, hiring a lawyer, and going to court in the middle of a pandemic is definitely more technically difficult than writing a simply writing a document on Twitter. There's also a lot of difficulty involved in actually testifying and prosecuting these cases.
        So are we using the internet as a personal vigilante service? Things as serious as this can really only be solved through the court of law. We have it for a reason and people think that just posting shit on twitter or reddit will do the same exact thing. If anything the real victims that do this really hurt their accusation in court because they say contradictory shit since they're mostly young kids that don't think about that sort of stuff and it will be picked word by word by the accused defense team. Vigilantism is not the same as real justice. This guy is a total, absolute shitbag and absolutely deserves justice, not some random dudes on the internet trying to ruin his life even though he deserves it.
    [removed]
If you want justice you tell the police, if you want to kill a man you tell everyone else. 

Something smells here.
    Because the police always believe women.

Because the police always follow up with victims. 

Because famous people always get the same level of scrutiny.

Because if you're a victim you deserve to have to go through the emotional harm and financial trouble of bringing this up with police.

Because no woman has ever been charged with false reporting before being villified years later.

These are all /s if you couldn't guess.
Hope the truth comes out about this. That’s disgusting behavior if he really did this, if not this girl just ruined this guy’s career. Probably ruined either way.
    ????? U read the doc homie???? The truth already came out
        I keep seeing they are only allegations. Legally he is still innocent. This is how the our courts work, homie. I’ll still get downvoted though lol
            She gave video and/or audio proof I think
            Oh noooo not another one who thinks what courts say is equal to the truth. Courts are meant to find the truth. The truth and the court are not one entity. You can discern truth without the courts, and courts can making rulings that are not the truth. Your inability to discern any truth without implicating courts is demonstrative of a larger issue on your side.
                So you know 100% for a fact that those allegations are true?
                    Beyond any reasonable doubt. The fact that you asked that question is a joke tho since you brought up the courts, which never know anything 100%. So which is it? You need to know something with 100% certainty for it to be true, or the courts need to rule a certain way for it to be true? Those are two very different things so I don’t see why you accept a court ruling if ur standard is 100% certainty. “True” in this case just Being your belief that it’s true, the actual truth of course doesn’t change.
                        It seems like you know something no one else does is my point. All I’m saying is I hope the truth comes out, because in the past it’s gone both ways, but in pretty much every situation, the man ends up on the losing side. 
The legality of things is very important. We cannot just go around “discerning” if someone is guilty or not without proof. Socially, yes society does that, which is morally wrong in my opinion as I’ve stated before. Just like the courts miss something, the general public and especially those with an agenda to prove will find guilt with little to no evidence will more than likely convict incorrectly. This is dangerous.

Excuse the late replies. Reddit has chosen to limit my replies because I probably gave someone’s feelings a booboo.
                            U hopping around moving goalposts bruv. Everything u say is disconnected from the last thing u said. You keep saying ‘I hope the truth comes out’ but it already came out. Besides an admission of guilt from the accused, I’m not sure what else could come to light that could possibly be any more concrete as the ‘truth’ then the screenshots and audio recordings she provided. I hope we can both agree that the truth can be true without an admission of guilt from the accused, so I would ask this: what would you classify as “the truth coming out?” What would need to happen for the truth to have come out in your opinion?
                                Sure I’ll reiterate since you haven’t picked up on it yet: it’s simple, really, but confusing for some, apparently: a legal conviction. In this case, that is truth. I trust the legal system.
                                    >I trust the legal system.

Oh look, a comedian.
Since it is a woman speaking out, no one will first investigate and rather take actions first.
Opposite happens whena man speaks out.
I am not saying that Sinatraa is innocent but please first investigate.
    johnny depp

neekolul
Thank god. I’m glad we learned from the Nairo situation in Smash and are vilifying an individual before absolutely any legitimate investigations have taken place. Progress!
honestly I just cant believe what is happening in the esports community Sinatraa's case who was my bias and I always followed him, always on his side, always a SEN fan and loved when  they do a full odin round and their tbagging other teams was just so fun to watch but after he got accused for assault which is just scummy and cruel and then I hear crashies news of his father dismissal is just difficult to watch, me being a new fan of esports and already fed of these negative  pressure man this sucks hope some good news come by and my prayers go to crashies and his family <3
Does this seem totally unreasonable to anyone else? Her tweet seems to only describe a boyfriend who acted like a scumbag. Is there any evidence any abuse took place aside from her claims and her little recording?
    What more would you need? A video proof of him basically r-ping her? Audio recording along with dated text months back is pretty good proof.
        if you're that gullible then i feel sorry for you

people play things off so good you believe them even if the evidence says otherwise right in front of your face.

you're no better along with the other people that jump to conclusions.
inb4 it turns out she lied about everything
    Including doctored audio?
[deleted]
    Should we ignore rapist just because they're in esports? Lol
        should we support convicted domestic abuser because she's female?  and continue to support her and give her hearts? ->neekolul
[removed]
 https://twitter.com/Sentinels/status/1369717636553183238?s=20 

here you go
    thanks
        Does sentinels have a backup?
            they’re probably rushing to find a free agent player as of now
                KOLER YES
                    as a big fan of KOLER i would love this. KOLER is amazing and he's nice af. he really deserves some recognition
                        i think it might be dizzy because he is a temporary stand in for SEN.
                            I love dizzy, but I'm not sure he is in the right mindset for this right now. I mean, competing in Masters takes a huge mental toll on a person and dizzy has looked mentally shaky even in pubs when streaming. He's still an insane player and grinds like a crazy, but I'm not exactly sure he is fine enough to compete at that level. I'd love to see him tho
                                Dizzy also said he might go pro in a year or so if thata what he wants to do but for now he doesn't want to
                                thats fair, but I too would love to see him
                                [deleted]
                            Don't do this, Don't give me hope
                        [deleted]
                            he's such a nice guy i always enjoy watching his streams. he seems like a humble dude so i wish him the best.
                    can't be KOLER since he played in VCT with beastcoast
                    KOLER IS CRACKED
                Has dicey gotten picked back up yet or is he not coming back to the pro scene?
            I hope for brax so hard
                Same here brotha, brax would be a saviour for SEN if they subbed him in
                    Yeah like i don't get why he wasn't picked up yet. Duded insane
            Nope
                They have dizzy
                What kind of team doesn't have backups that can play? Seems stupid to not have any.
                    Idk ur downvotes but ur right
                        Yeah, sen fanboys I guess
                    Yes i agree. Not having any backups is kinda insane
    Damn...Twitter is toxic as fuck, thank god I stopped using it.
        would love to keep female friends away from any of the dudes replying to the twitter post.
            Just use the block function lol turn the screen off
                I know you're just memeing (tyler? lol) but sadly these males are real people irl.
                    Pretty sure they don’t have the balls to say the same things irl like they do online
                        That's not what I meant. These are real men, who will one day get a girlfriend and treat them like shit because of those very beliefs.
        Twitter is the worst invention ever.  There should be a breathalyzer required before use as well.
            Yep. It's a place where anything that looks like hope for humanity rots away.
            Half the people on Twitter don’t even realize the severity of the situation and are defending this bastard blindly
        It is toxic as fuck and I'm glad you quit but if that is your takeaway from this situation you still have work to do.
            My takeaway from the situation is that Sinatraa's behaviour with his ex was disgusting and it was formed the moment I read cloe's doc. I was just referencing the toxic replies to the twiter post. Smh
            Have you seen some of the replies to the sentinels tweet? It’s pretty toxic
    The replies on that shit are terrible. Twitters a hellhole
    The fucking toxicity in that thread. Good lord.
    Love all the simps like, let's hear him out, if she was really having the issue why now... Well when these people are clearly presented evidence and still are pulling for them, maybe they should understand that the girl was probably pulling for him too, being in a relationship and all, despite the harm he was inflicting. People need to be more empathetic and realize that power imbalance situations in relationships and the sort severly complicate making already difficult choices and doing so cleanly.
Sinatraa is fucked. Especially after all the press Riot has recently released about combating sexism, launching a Women's pro circuit for Valorant...

Riot has no choice here but to cut all ties with him, probably forever.
    Yea he's going need some serious receipts to come out of this clean.
        i dont think its even possible for him to come out clean no matter what receipts he has. i mean she has *audio evidence* not to mention chat screenshots.

sure he could claim the audio evidence was cnc, but with the text screenshots as well theres no saving him

edit: im seeing a lot of people mentioned the "its kinkplay" angle. thats what i meant by cnc (its a kink and stands for consent to not consent). so im saying that he could easily claim that they had safewords and it was consentual kinkplay, but because she also has text screenshots of her talking to her friends about it and him harassing her the chances of it being kinkplay are even less likely.
            That audio evidence is actually a video, she only posted the audio for obvious reasons.
            Doubt he could have anything against all of the allegations, but for the audio clip in particular, I saw someone mention that one possibility is that that kind of pushy/dominance play was an agreed sexual play between the two, which would actually be a believable angle.

That said, even if it were true, it seems highly unlikely that sinatraa could have any proof of that.
                On top of this, why would she really want to do this? It could be a petty “get back” at someone, but she’s going to be hounded by cunts online for a very long time, *despite* it leaning to be very clearly true. You could have all the evidence in the world proving you were raped, abused emotionally and physically and you’ll still be attacked online. 

She’s got a pretty rough few weeks ahead of her, I hope she is able to block it out as much as she can and move forward now.
                The thing is that she doesn't have proof of that either and tone of her voice is pretty weird. 

I just hope she press charges if there was an actual abuse going on. Ending a career is not enough for a sexual abuser. If she hasn't pressed charges then the story might involve things that we do not know about and  it's right to assume that there might be another side to this. It's not guilty until proven otherwise. 

I was on the "sent him to jail" train yesterday, but my girlfriend is a lawyer, I showed her the twitter thing and she said some things seem fishy and the only concrete evidence that cannot be twisted in any way is that the guy is an insecure asshole ,but that's not a crime at least here in the UK.
            Chats are way easier to fake than audios. I mean I could fake a chat with TenZ if I wanted just have someone pretend to be him
                If you know his discord, you don't even need two people. Just make an alt and use one instance via browser and the other via client.
            [deleted]
            [removed]
                No means yes? Please stop embarrassing yourself 💀💀
                    No doesn't mean yes but my point is a baby voiced playful no can be misread as a yes and it's her fault she didn't stand up for herself then but now trying to victimize herself
                        Here is a textbook example of victim blaming.

I’d rate 10/10 for sheer ignorance.
                        She said no multiple times, just stop.
                            I'm sorry but that no doesn't sound like she's resisting at all
    so true, Riot has invested much into equality for all gender gaming. for them to allow Jay Won back into their league for $$$ will be hypocrisy
        Well let's not forget that Riot themselves has had massive issues with sexism and inequality in these past years.
            Which is a big reason why they’ve been distancing themselves from that image and pushing for equal treatment lately.
    Good riddance
    I mean this is just straight-up rape here. Constant emotional abuse followed by gaslighting to wear down his girlfriend so she'd be quiet while he continued to rape her. Corporations love to hand-wave away sexual assault or misogyny or racism for their best players and pretend like the abuser has learned their lesson, but this one is a bit more serious than most accusations. I'm not sure she has all the evidence needed to prosecute this in court successfully, but this could end in prison time if she gets a good lawyer and presses it hard enough. I hope she does.
    Surely it's based on proof?  As long as he lawyers the fuck up asap and handles it properly then he should be fine.  Assuming he didn't do it.
Well, Riot's had plenty of practice dealing with sexual harassment allegations after all. Several million dollars worth...
FInally riot did something right
Guilty by accusation is such a shitty system. I hope none of it is true.
wait what happend?
    He was accused of raping his ex girlfriend
        holy shit
Amazing to see how forgetful Riot fans are of Riot's sexual harassment scandal that wasn't really ever solved.
I want to see some actual proof.
https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/m1pwnc/sinatras_ex_speaks_out/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
    Holy fuck
        reasonable reaction
            I think its sad that she endured the abuse for so long. Celebrity status does not give people the right to abuse you.
                Its not just the celebrity status. Victims of abuse often do mental gymnastics to avoid blaming the abuser if they love them. This was clearly the case here, however over time she was no longer able to deny the fact she was in an abusive relationship
        Off topic, but I like the username
    she also links an audio file in the doc. it's pretty scary to hear. Power dynamics are an actual thing in relationships and sometimes people don't learn that.
    Dude got fuckin exposed in 32K, there’s no way out of this but jail innit
        jailwill depend on if she presses charges and then can build a case against him that will unanimously convict. this is really difficult for non-wealthy people.
            Yeah jail might be a stretch to pull off and I kinda doubt she'll press charges anyway but this should for sure be the end of his pro career, at least for a loooong time.
                it better fucking end his career, you cant rape a girl then keep your job
            The DA is the person who will decide whether or not charges are pressed in criminal procedures, not the person. So it’s out of her hands at this point.
                The chance of the DA pressing charges or ever even finding out about this situation at all or there being any kind of preliminary investigation whatsoever to determine legal action are slim to none if she never even goes to the police.

Especially a year later. The DA will have no reason to even look at this case unless major evidence is presented directly to him by somebody. Even then, it’s already been over a year.
ex gf sexual harassement claim w/ evidence. its a top post if you sort by top -> week
    She accused him of rape, not just sexual harassment or assault.
        Honest question, not trying to be a smart ass or anything, just uninformed. Does rape not fall under sexual assault legally? Are they different charges?
            I believe they are defined in the law differently yes. Without sounding dismissive of some peoples experiences sexual assault is the "lesser" crime I believe, non-penatrative stuff, but I am not even a resident of the US so I could be wrong.
            The exact definition varies depending on which country you are in but in general rape is a different and more serious charge than sexual assault.
            from my understanding all rape can technically be considered sexual assault/harassment but not all sexual assault/harassment is rape. sexual assault can refer to rape but also towards most kinds of non-consensual sexual acts that are physical (stuff like groping) and sexual harassment includes things that aren't physical like making unwanted sexual comments about somebody. so in this case sexual harassment/assault is an understatement because it would imply that sinatraa's actions were limited to something verbal or non-penetrative when what the victim describes is pretty clear cut rape.
            Just to add to this, In the UK the definition of "rape" can only be committed by a male as it must be penetrative with a penis. Similar actions by a woman would be classed as "assault by penetration", though charged and treated on the same level. 

Just something I learned early in my police career that I found interesting.
        on her end, she never said it was rape. she, in her mind, believed it wasn't rape. she even made it clear on the doc towards then end.

`Also, to everyone who says, "Why didn't you go to the police". I thought about it for weeks. I stood outside a police station and stared at it for like 20 minutes, then walked home. I didn't physically fight him. I wasn't scared of him killing me or anyone I loved. I wasn't unconscious. And that's what legally constitutes rape.`

but, it was. i hope she knows that it most definitely was. no means no. just because she didn't fight it, nor was afraid of death, doesn't mean that it wasn't. 

its really sad it see she doesn't believe it herself.
Sinatraa's ex gf released a google doc accusing him of sexual abuse/rape along with a ton of evidence last night
Great name lol
It’s so fucked how people are still trying to flip and put the blame onto her just for speaking out 

Like fuck off x2
    Why Twitter needs a dislike button
        Twitter needs to be removed from the internet. It's just a cess pool of morons.
            So does Reddit. Facebook. Tik tok. Social media is a cancer
            isn't it the same platform that helped the girl come out with her story though?
                Still needs to be removed. The good doesn't outweigh the bad
            bruh someone downvoted this lmao
                They are probably one of the morons that love Twitter
Yeah people keep asking her why she released it online, did anyone question Sinaatra when he publicly insulted her, and lied about dumping her because she was "mentally fucked up"? He also mentioned several times that she threatened suicide. Now we know that was a lie.

Did anyone ask him why he's saying all that online?

But now that she's defending herself online, all of a sudden people have a problem. The fact that people are complaining about "cancel culture" about an actual rapist is sad.
    I just want to preface what im about to say with: yes, i don't understand peoples attitude about "omg she ruined his career" when she brought receipts. Very high chance he's rightfully done.

I wanted to ask: how do we know she didn't threaten suicide? Playing devils advocate, and the stuff with proof attached she's in the right, but that is still "he said she said" territory so I'd rather not call anything a fact unless we have proof
        &#x200B;

> I'd rather not call anything a fact unless we have proof 

She says she has the breakup text and I believe her. I could be wrong.  
I mean technically you're right but given the context, I'm inclined to believe her over him.
            Didn’t she say that she broke up over phone call? I’m very confused
            Also playing devil's advocate, the amount of evidence against sin is overwhelming here. If she was able to screencap many other texts why can't she screencap the breakup text if she has it?
                What is the breakup text? It said in the word document that the breakup was over the phone, she mentioned something about being him being on speakerphone with a roommate next to her, it wasn't over text
                    She said the breakup was over text & phone
                        Yeah she mentioned in the doc that she broke up with him over phone.
                    Oh, then no documentation is completely understandable.
            I agree with you, and am leaning on that side! Just playing the devils advocate
Its not cancel culture, its consequence culture.

Do stupid shit and there will be consequences.

Victim blamers will victim blame.
CaNcEl cUlTuRe iS rUiNiNg eVeRyThInG

edit: in case you didnt notice this was sarcasm, if someone does something bad then you have every right to stop watching them, and if they are employed by a private company that company has every right to fire them
    And you just know those same assholes will boycott a company they don't like for a perceived personal slight.
        People who say "cancel culture is ruining careers" are the same people that get mad when a game company changes their twitter avi to rainbow for a single month out of the year
            except in china
    [deleted]
        Cancel culture isn’t a thing, you Neanderthal. It is called responsibility for one’s actions, and it has been around for a LONG time.
            I mean cancel culture isn’t “stupid people paying consequences for their actions” it’s “potentially stupid people pay consequences for actions they’re accused of”. An example was that one football player who lost his career for a chick that accused him of rape when it was all false but regardless he lost his career for something he didn’t do. I’m trying to think of an esports example but I started getting into it this year. Point is that there is such thing as cancel culture. It’s been a coined term for a reason.
                Unicorn is a word but they don’t exist. Cancel culture is a right wing dog whistle for “anything I don’t like and have to face the consequences of my actions for.” It is not some cultural phenomenon of wide spread false accusations, that simply doesn’t exist. Wanna know why you can’t think of any others? It’s because you’re extrapolating a single event into some grand conspiracy.
                    No one said it was about false accusations reread what I said and who said anything about conspiracy lol? If you want to think of someone saying cancel culture as a conspiracy then be my guest💀. Listen man I’m just calling it how it is. If you’re trying to bring politics into it then do your thing but that’s not my cup of tea, especially on a esports subreddit
            this is stupid as fuck. People were sure as hell ready to cancel johnny depp werent they?
    I mean it is.
        In this case, it isn't. People keep using that buzzword but it lost all meaning. With hard evidence, it's not cancel culture, it's consequence culture.
    I mean it is, but this is completely separate.
I'm going to take a guess that those types of people don't care at all about how much evidence is released or if he even admits to every single thing said in the doc. To those wastes of resources she will always be in the wrong because they don't care about what happened they just hate women or care more about some team winning than addressing a predator or all of the above and/or more.

I was arguing with someone earlier in a chat who was complaining that she "fucked over" the team by exposing him and how she has hurt more people than he ever did just by releasing this and how he was such a great (whatever role he plays or does I don't play Valorant just League) and how the team would be affected negatively. Mother fucker what?!!?!? HUH?! That's not how this works at all!

They genuinely did not seem to comprehend why that was just so fucking vile on so many levels. The concept of basically saying to just take it and suck it up so their team could get wins and the concept that they seemed to think the blame is even remotely anywhere on her just genuinely boils the blood on so many levels and I fear actively for any females in their vicinity.
[removed]
    Sadly open misogyny in gaming has been a thing long before gamergate
I've honestly never seen as many evidence with a claim before. Even after just reading the transcript of the audio clip, I knew this couldn't be good.
all the incels trying to defend this shit is so fucking appalling and embarrassing. A ton of evidence but they still wanna “hear his side”. And it’s always men who’s been saying this shit under the tweets. what kinda side you wanna hear? what’s gonna change from him telling his opinion or side? nothing he can say will make this any better for him. he fucked up, he’s guilty, there’s nothing more to say here. these people are so quick to defend a potential abuser before a potential victim. not to mention the dumb shit about cancel culture like ? no ones trying to cancel an innocent man. why should a rapist and an abuser deserve a platform?
    Okay, if I get lambasted for this so be it but I want to point out that there is a line between victim shaming and wanting to hear the other person's side. Yes, the former often includes the latter but they are not the same thing. The shaming is messed up, especially considering the amount of courage it took for her to post in the first place. Saying that she's lying or faked the evidence or whatever because "egirl" is fucked up.

Saying that we should hear sinatraa's side is not the same thing. Don't be obtuse. To be clear, I'm convinced that he is guilty. But that doesn't mean that he shouldn't get a chance to say his side. Can you imagine a justice system that didn't give one side a chance to speak?

I'm also not trying to invoke all this "well historically there have been false accusations" shit. Previous cases are not relevant to this. She has put forth rock solid evidence of his wrongdoings. Let's follow some semblance of due process because being fucking civilized is *usually* a good thing, just saying. He'll get what's coming to him, and already has started to from Riot's swift response.
    Amber Heard.
    Thats why everyone in the world thinks americans are stupid , there is no real evidence the pictures are a stupid conversation between teenagers and the audio is like 8 sec. where she says no but we dont know in what context, so wtf are people out here believing everything she says.
"why did it take her so long to come forward" literally read the document she explains.
At the moment it's only one side.  Sinatra needs to lawyer up and counter any evidence presented and it needs to go to the authorities/police for a proper investigation.

I hope the public is not involved anymore from this point onwards tbh.  Because social media and the public should not be involved in this kinda shit.
Normally im all about hearing both sides and letting each defend, but she provided so much evidence and it seems pretty obvious what was going on. Cant really defend sinatraa rn at all
I think the problem is, is recently we did see a bunch of similar claims in the gaming community where about 50% of the them were flat out bullshit. Even worse the media kinda rallied around (Or at the very least ignored) the ones that were blatantly BS.

Of course, this one doesn't seem to be the case this time as the evidence she's provided would require her to be a genius villain to fake, but there is a reason why "The boy who cried wolf" is a fable taught to kids. It's not hard to imagine someone only half paying attention filing this under "Ugh not again".
    Can you give me an article or study showing 50% of the recent alienations were bullshit. Because I think your typing out of your ass right now.
        50% is probably a vast exaggeration, all I can think of the top of my head was the one league player for clg who got fucked over false claims
Courts exist for a reason. People are doubting because if it was true (I’m not saying she’s lying) she should be going to the police not the Twitter mob. Just my two cents
    so many victims of sexual assault are unable to go to the police for numerous reasons, like she outlined in her statement. in addition, the often invasive and horribly misogynistic ways that the police and judicial system have time and time again shamed victims for coming forward and essentially silenced victims. other than the audio (and video recordings if she chooses to share with the police), the texts and other forms of emotional and verbal abuse may not neccesarily be recognized by the law. it takes so much courage for anyone to go to the police and seek help when there has historically been so much judgement and discrimination within the judicial system. she's allowed to speak her truth and whoever says "just go to court" or "just go to the police" are extremely ignorant about how these allegations are handled within a judicial system.
Just guessing here, but that might be because they did not read it in detail and some of them might come from the League scene where Tuesday‘s career, an amateur player, was nearly ruined because a female streamer came out and accused him, which in the end turned out to be false.

She had „evidence“ as well but Tuesday was able to refute pretty much everything afterwards.
he is 99 percent guilty but " huge amount of evidence", textx can be so easily fixed it ridiclous, the only thing that really makes them believable is the audio. There is no huge amount of evidence
I say we all go and teabag sinatraa, its well deserved
The kicker is he even defends tbagging
    i tbag people its fun
Sinatraa needs riot a million more times than riot needs sinatraa
We can only hope
Maybe done as a pro player, but the dude will still make a stupid amount of money streaming. Plenty of other people have mountains of proof and accusations against them showing their history of emotional abuse or what have you and they still stream to thousands of people.
I still can't figure out if I'm playing Valorant or Call Of Duty.
Sadly, he is. Sucks that this guy was one of my esports inspirations

Edit: role models —> inspirations
    I know he is godly at video games but how is he a role model? His streams are nothing but toxicity. Dude is mad immature. Even without this whole mess of a situation I don't see how he was a role model. So many other great dudes to look up to.
        Man acted like a d-bag on stream and I’m not surprised that he’s one (and *much* worse) off stream too. Good riddance.

This community needs some actual role models not people like him.
            I honestly don't understand how people can describe streamers who are insanely toxic as good role models. This wasn't even debatable before the Cleo post, he is a known prick from Competitive Overwatch.

Who do so many make excuses for bad people?
                And people wonder why it's so difficult for the abused to come out. They're usually making the same excuses and it's hard for them to come to terms with the reality of the situation.
            Hiko, AverageJonas, hell, even Dicey or Asuna, are great inspirations who aren't absolute pricks.
                [deleted]
                    yes you are terribly uninformed my friend..I was there in the live stream and am 100% sure he said noob but cut it off at the n- ..and people do what they do best and jumped at the opportunity.
            I think Hiko is a good candidate for that title
        Boxer, Daigo, Faker, Scarlett, Shroud.  So many wholesome, mature and extremely talented pros to have as role models, not just in game, but in life.

And we gotta settle on Sinatraa.
            Or people like Grubby
                Totally forgot about Grubby.
            Shoutout to Rapha, one of the best and most respectful FPS players of all-time.  If only Quake were more popular...
            Scarlett from SC2? Does she stream? That sounds like it'd be extremely interesting to watch
            Hey man don't forget step bro Hiko
        He wasn't a role model in terms of his personality for me, but instead his level of skill and his accomplishments, plus his story, the way he was revered for his insane dps in OW, his plays in Valorant, etc.
            He was pretty fuckin toxic in ow before he got a serious coach and even afterwards he wasn't exactly mother Teresa.
            Honestly, I hated the way he would act to other people on stream, but I watched him cause I knew he was the best and I wanted to learn, and I see why people don't like him
                I knew he was a douchey child when his team won the first fight in an OWL match and he teabagged everyone lmao... it was literally the first fight of the first map...
                    come the hell one. Oh no HE TEABAGGED PEOPLE WHAT A PEACE OF SHIT!!!
                    [deleted]
                        He said he knew Sinatraa was a "douchey child", not a rapist
            So he wasn’t a role model. He was good at a game.
                Yeah, I see that “role model” isn’t exactly the right term, and I apologize. Maybe more like inspiration? I’m really not sure what to call it, but he was one of the players I used to support and I looked to him if I wanted to get better
        You should've seen him as a toxic 16 yo on the overwatch ranked ladder. That shit wasn't even funny and compared to then he's the most reformed streamer you'll ever see.
            He was such an awful person on ladder, seriously. It amazes me he was never punished for it. I had a clip on my old PC from s3 of comp of Sinatraa telling me he’d “stomp my teeth out of my head” if I nanoboosted our Winston next team fight over him. Which made me laugh my ass off that a 16 year old kid who’s known for video games would be so angry and toxic that he’d threaten someone’s personal well-being over a fucking ultimate ability LMAO. Also couldn’t take him seriously as I know he weighs like 130 pounds soaking wet and literally spends 17+ hours a day at a computer. Talk about ego..
                Yeah honestly, the guy would lose a fight to a squirrel lmao
            Yeah its weird seeing the types of fans who flock to personalities like that. I can understand occasionally being toxic or over confidence but when it's 24/7 it's no longer a joke.
        THIS. I never understood why he was “looked up to” by literally anyone. I have many experiences (awful ones, at that) of playing in OW pubs with Jay during seasons 1-5 of Competitive Overwatch and I could tell from a very early stage in his career that he himself would be the one to ruin it. The kid has some seriously deep-rooted issues that require rehabilitation, proper-education, and rightfully so; jail time. 

It blows my mind that the generation below me is so captivated by skill in a video game that so many of you overlook massive character-flaws and begin to idolize complete narcissistic, selfish, boarder-line sociopaths which in turn creates an even more terrifying and dangerous individual. I can think of over a half a dozen Valorant streamers who harbor a much more positive, welcoming and wholesome environment then Jay and their skill level is right up there with him. Please stop idolizing scumbags, please stop idolizing figures in the eSport scene as a whole if you’re idolizing them purely for the value they bring to the video game they play. Look past their ability to click a fucking pixel, and try to find something else in them to idolize, because trust me, there are many reasons to look up to or favorite streamers outside of the game. How do they talk to their chat? Do they have a wife or girlfriend, how do they interact with them while their on stream? Etc. thanks for coming to my TED talk
            [deleted]
                Very fucking true and great point there. I find it much more evident and apparent in video game communities though because our interactions are for the most part, centered around video games while other shit like 45, could be pressing on vastly different topics all in the political sphere. In eSports though, you have a game and you have participants; and when this level of degeneracy surfaces it can be a lot more staggering. Most of us all are here for video games after all, so it makes sense for some to idolize their favorite players, I think it’s just being done for the wrong reasons. Much in the same reason for those who support 45.
            I think you have a pretty valid point. Personally, I think it is alright to look up to someone as inspiration, and that as long as you don't worship them and acknowledge their faults, it is alright, but I could be wrong
                No I totally get the sentiment behind it and I surely have my idols in esports too no doubt! And I won’t hold any pretentiousness over that and say my idols are “better” they were just different. I grew up in a video game era where personalities in the pro CS scene like n0thing, pashabiceps, hiko (hey, we all know him!) were getting big and displaying insane skill levels while also exemplifying aspects of being incredible people off of the server, and I think that’s what I should have initially said opposed to “please stop idolizing esports people for their skill alone.” And more-so said it like I did just now. It’s one thing to acknowledge “damn, this dude/girl is INSANE at video games, I wanna play like them” and “I wanna BE them,” because that’s just unhealthy. Everyone deserves the respect for themselves to want to be the best version of just that, themselves..not some one else.
            What deep rooted issues? Explain?
                Dropping out of high school to play video games for a living while making double the salary of what the average American does by age 17 can cause a lot of issues in a person if not handled responsibly, which is pretty evident as being the case for Sinatraa. Clearly there’s been aspects of his life that he has struggled with and he has projected those struggles in heinous ways. Just watch his streams or play in a match with him.. it’s pretty easy to tell he has fuckin’ issues mate. Do I know what they are? Not at all. It could be lots of things. Parenting problems, mental illness left unchecked, etc. a person simply doesn’t become that angry and that toxic and inconsiderate of others well-being without having some deeply-rooted issues that were left to just fester and become worse. Do I blame him? Yes, but not all the way. Somewhere along the way his support systems failed him horribly and now other humans have suffered because of it. Happens every day in this world and it’s truly sad.
                    Brax was a pro CS player even younger than him and you never saw anything like the garbage Sinatra was pulling, he’s just a bad person.
        because he was funny, and good i guess
        The moment when I heard he called people 'virgins' did it for me. Wrote this fella off asap.
    My Sinatraa Twitch prime subscription is still active. I feel dirty
    I was a Boston Uprising fan in season 1 of the overwatch league and a similar thing happened. Really talented damage player turned out to be a teen groomer. It sucks to lose such an amazing talent, but that's what it takes to hold people accountable and to have integrity. Cracked gamers come and go, but the damage of abuse is sever and lasting.
    Been watching this kid since he was 16 and tearing it up at Overwatch World Cup. I had such high hopes for him when he joined the League and mellowed out, seemed like he was really growing and responding to the coaching. I can still see him hugging his mom after his team won the League championships when he was crowned MVP. She bought tickets to the championships they second they went on sale, she was that confident and supportive. 

This is such a gut punch to me, feels like my own little brother has just been outed for this shit. I'm older, but I'm a woman and a gamer too. It took me a very long time to get through Cleo's testimony because I was inches away from a relationship like that at the same age. I've been sick to my stomach all day. I really hope she gets closure and peace about it. I'm so disappointed in sinatraa. May he reap what he has sown, but may he also grow enough to learn the error of his ways understand he can never take back hurting someone in this way and atone for what he's done
    Apart from his mechanics, what about him and his personality made him your role model?
    Your edit doesn't clarify anything, what about his personality inspired you?
        Nothing about his personality inspired me, it was his skills and decision making
Only once he's convicted by a judge.  The evidence seems pretty damning, but most evidence does when presented by one side.

If she has audio of him raping her as she claims.  Then the whole thing needs to be shut down now and it needs to go to the police.

She shouldn't be fucking around with public releases and her friends are fucking horrible people if they allowed this to happen.

Hopefully riot has now stepped in and will open a police investigation so it can get properly sorted.
Can someone explain what happened? Im out of the loop and at work
    sinatra's ex girlfriend posted a doc on twitter with audio recording and text screens of his behavior and they are pretty fucking real and you can tell that these shits ain no fake just by looking one of his streams vod, the guy is extremely toxic towards everyone who doesnt idolize him

short story dude is a rapist and a manipulative sexual abuser, disgusting tbh
    he multiple times didnt stop fucking her when she asked him to
        Claimed.  It needs to go to the police and through the courts.  He needs to be tried over this if he was raping her.  Due process must be done and he must face jail time.

This needs to be done properly.
            A business doesn't need due process to stop doing business with someone. What is so hard to understand about that?   


OJ Simpson was found not guilty of murder in a legal process, are you out there protesting about how CBS won't give him a broadcasting role now? He is not guilty, right? Would you do business with him?
                I don't care about his career or riot's response, I didn't even mention it?

These allegations need to go to the police and through the courts, he needs to be tried.  Everything else is completely arbitrary.

Riot can do w.e the fuck they want, I couldn't give a shit.  This is more serious than any of that bullshit.  Riot are right to remove him from the tournament, and the team to suspend him pending investigation.  My hope is he lawyers up and goes to court, because this needs to be done properly.

If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision.  If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.
                    So OJ was found innocent. Should he be allowed back in the broadcasting booth or given a shot in the NFL as a assistant coach?

Innocent beyond a reasonable doubt is a criminal standard. The rest of the word doesn’t operate on a beyond a reasonable doubt standard, and riot can keep him banned regardless of what happens in court if they feel that the information released justifies it.

A small legal technicality can make the audio inadmissible in court, along with the text messages. I fully support getting due process in a criminal trial, but it’s ridiculous to insist that a business has to accept someone who they think is a murderer or a rapist.
                    >If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision. If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.

imagine thinking that the legal system defines someone's guilt

use your brain and draw your own conclusion, just as riot will do

sinatraa is a rapist and you don't need a fucking court to tell you that
                        I can't do that though? I don't have the information necessary to judge yet? It's highly unlikely I will either.  Sinatra has to present his own evidence and counter/disprove the claims against him yet.  Until he does I can't make an informed decision on anything.  To claim otherwise is folly IMO.

All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

The fact that you've already made up your mind is a little worrying tbf.  It means you're not prepared to view any new information and have accepted one set of evidence as facts without questioning.

This is why these things have to go through the proper due diligence and why it takes a long time.  This is also one of the reasons I don't like public court of opinions.  Because people take things at face value and don't think.

Also the legal system does define guilt.  That's literally why it exists for.

Is it flawed? For sure.
                            >All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations> (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

You are fucked in the head.

The screenshots display a clear pattern of emotional manipulation and abuse. Tracking one's partner and then guilt tripping them IS ABUSE. You are truly fucked up if you read the content of the screenshots and took nothing away from them.

Furthermore, the recording is damning. Listen to it.

I'm sorry but there is very little that can salvage this situation. Unless the recording and screenshots were faked, there is no doubt in my mind that Sinatraa raped and abused his girlfriend. His personality and pattern of tweets do him no favors either.

Finally, I am far more inclined to believe a person in a relationship with such a vast power imbalance. Those in positions of power (ie. rich men) are orders of magnitude more likely to commit sexual abuse.

>Also the legal system does define guilt. That's literally why it exists for.

It does not. It exists to protect the capitalist class and suppress minorities, at least in the United States. It does not exist to establish guilt.
    [removed]
And because I saw a few dickheads trying to make a point on twitter, no means no:

1) even if you're in a relationship. Being committed does not mean the people in the relationship are obligated to have sex with you when they don't want to. Some people genuinely think non-consensual sex isn't rape if you're in a relationship...

2) even if the other person initially says yes. Once they say no or start to feel uncomfortable, that's when you stop.
    Yep, consent can be withdrawn at any time it doesnt matter if you are close to being done or whatever, no means no.
    https://youtu.be/oQbei5JGiT8
    About point 1, it's only been 40 years since that became a legal issue between spouses in the US. Before that there were no consequences and it took until the mid-90s for it to be enacted in all states (about 25 years ago). And even some states now don't think it's rape unless it's physically forced.
https://youtu.be/GZ3QHTpMZgQ
Even his fans know he's a D-bag... Only thing they can pull out to defend him is "let's hear his side first"
    Even if you don't like him, you should still hear both sides
        I agree and I never said we shouldn't hear his side of the story. Riot and Sentinels should take action based on hearing both side
        Yeah he will need something really compelling though. She has the receipts for sure.
        "Na bro people who side with her are virgins SHEESH" Probs what he would say
    at least they pull out, unlike sinatraa
I knew I wasn’t the only person who thought he was kind of a douche bag. I couldn’t understand why he was so popular on Twitch, cause whenever I watched him on Stream he always seemed to awkward and hostile towards his chat. And he would always talk about bro things like Working out and stocks, it felt so cringe and his subs were the same way. Guess they looked up to him and wanted to be just as “alpha” as him. I wouldn’t be surprised if these allegations were completely true aside from what has already been proven.
Sinatraa is such an asshole on stream LOL. Nobody watches him for his personality, he's boring, toxic, and just overall dumb. Only thing he's good at is videogames.
fuck twitter. let the higher-ups deal with him.
Delete your twitter account if you have one, that place is a forsaken desert land of negativity.
What did you expect from Twitter?
EXACTLY, half of the people from the ow community have , incredibly big egos and a toxic personality, or are pedophiles and rapists, sometimes both.
    There's been a few but I still wouldn't generalize that to the entire OW community.

But yes, I have noticed as an OW player that Overwatch community does have a lot more mentally ill people than other games
    Name 5 former/current overwatch players who are pedophiles, rapists... And name like 3 that are toxic with big egos :/
        Sinatra, redshell, xqc, dreamkazper,  moufin, kephri, that's the stuff off of the top of my head, im not going to spend my time researching all the creeps and toxic players there are, but I mean just look at all the controversy there is surround pro players. Also what's with all those specific numbers lmao.
            xqc???
                yes, xqc is toxic
What evidence? Is there posted messages or something?
Not the most wholesome of reads but I guess awards boost the posts exposure :)
what did he do
    He sexually abuser his girlfriend a while back and she recently released a statement with proof.
        Just want to correct you - he is being accused of rape.

I'm not sure if you didn't read the allegations or what, but I don't want people to read your post and think that the accusation against Sinatra isn't an incredibly serious allegation. Sinatra is not being accused of unwanted sexual touching, exposure, or any of the "lesser" crimes that fall into the sexual assault umbrella - he is being accused of rape.
    he emotionally abused his ex and physically raped her repeatedly
His actions are from over a year ago, he didn't put his teammates in any situation. This story coming out now is what puts his teammates into the rough spot
    I see what your saying but I doubt his teammates see it that way I would be furious if I was on his team.
        His teammates will either deny anything has happened (because that is easier for the human mind) or read the stuff and probably just see him as a completely different person, who they might not want to associate with at all.
            Or.....they won't care.
                which is option A
                    I think what they meant was that they won’t deny it they just don’t care he did it
                        It's a form of denial.
                Even if the individual teammates didn't care, no org would ever have him on their roster.
        thats cuz yer dumb
    I mean, he chose to be an asshole years ago and at the time he was also an esports player, so he put his teammates in a tough spot at some point in time.
        Being a dick and being an abuser aren't exactly the same thing. His teammates dealt with his asshole personality, not anything even close to abuse or sexual assault
            Try to use your brain
    no he did put his teammates in a shit situation by being a shit person I'm pretty sure. Don't try to shift the blame onto the story coming out being the issue.
    Every time you act without good character you are putting those close to you at risk. Even those close to you years away. Karma doesn’t care when it gets even, only that it does.
        Karma doesn't exist. Pretty funny how people use it as an excuse to wish ill on someone else like it makes them a better person lol Santa isnt real either...sry
    He put his teammates in a shitty situation.
    Or maybe don't make terrible decisions that could come back and bite you in the ass? Regardless of how far removed, yeah it is his fault and he put them in this situation.
    So you’re saying his actions didn’t put his team in a rough spot? The story is about his actions. There would be no story without them. He did this to his teammates.
        Obviously there is no story if there nothing worth telling a story about. I clearly know that, and knew that when I made the comment. The effect on his teammates is 0 until it becomes public information though, that's just true
            We’re just going to keep repeating the same arguments. The story needed to come out for this to effect his teammates, yes, but his actions caused him to get suspended so it is his fault, ultimately. His teammates would have every reason to blame him. I guess the reason I’m even responding is because it seems like you’re diverting the blame when it’s all on his actions. No shitty behavior, no story, no suspension.
                Obviously I know this. I knew this when I made the first comment. There can't be an abuse story without the abuse. I was responding to someone who said sinatra put his teammates in a bad situation. Obviously sinatra is responsible for the overall situation. But the situation his team is in is a direct result of this information being made public, not him doing the bad things. He had done the bad things this entire time he's been playing valorant. Its a logical point I was making here. Not diverting blame or assigning moral responsibility for individual parts of the situation
    So you are saying he should not consider his horrible actions which traumatized another person to might affect him or other people around him later in life? How about try to not treat other people as shit and be a decent human being. And by the way "over a year ago" is NOT long ago.
    Well well well, if it isn't the consequences of my own actions.
    Wouldn't have been a problem if there hadn't been a story to come out. Shit like this is a landmine waiting to blow up a team.
        True. I was only saying it's the problem being made public that causes the effect on those around sinatra. Obviously problems can't be made public if there are no problems. A lot of people seem to be interpreting it this way. Probably too hot of a topic to bother making this not very important point
            And I'm just sayinf that it's going to come out eventually and there will never be a good time to lose a crucial member of your team. He basically pulled a pin on a grenade and passed it to every team he's been on since. I really don't want to frame it like it's the girl's fault even though I know that's not your intention.
                If you think it's "going to come out eventually" no matter what then absolutely, it's like pulling a pin on a grenade and just holding onto it. I think this is probably just too hot of a topic to bother arguing a point of so little importance. Was a mistake in my part
                    I just think the way you framed it is bad.
    We don't know if he actually did do those things. If he did, then he deserves everything he has coming at him. If he didn't tho, I'd feel bad for him
        I mean his ex girlfriend shared audio clips which pretty clearly show sexual abuse so I think it’s safe to say he did in fact do those things.
            Where?
                https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/m1pwnc/sinatras_ex_speaks_out/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
he done really sheeeeeesh’ed his career down the drain
    He lucky hes not gonna be sheeeeeeeshing in a prison cell
1head mate
I feel exactly the same way. I moved to Valorant from CSGO and overwatch because of sinatraa, and I got into esports because of the Shock. It just doesn’t feel real
    Why move completely from CSGO and Overwatch?
        Partially cause new game that I enjoyed, partially  because my friends that aren’t into “hardcore”games like CSGO were into Valorant. The news of Sinatraa moving games was what introduced me to Valorant
            I wish my friends played Valorant too, I don't really enjoy solo Q too much but it's fun to play with friends. The friends I played it with are all back to playing mostly CS. 

But then again, we are in EU where the Valorant hype didn't last as long and where CS is more popular by Valorant pretty clearly. But if we take a look at NA, the CS player numbers are disasterously low, the lowest they have ever been and Valorant is much more popular.
            Do you only play Valorant now?

I personally can not imagine playing only 1 game. I play a ton of different FPS Shooters such as:

* Apex Legends
* Overwatch
* CSGO
* Valorant
* Battlefield 4 and 5
* Rogue Company
                I play any game I really feel like playing, I still play a bit of OW and CS every once in a while, but mostly Valorant
                [removed]
                    ayye same games I play
You will have much more fun watching Aceu. He is a great role model for young gamers  :)
NSG
    Nerd street gamers (NSG) on twitch
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S9OpZhPEWLyBt9baj4xzC2mnk_2327AS_iOhheJfA04/preview?pru=AAABeEHrF1Q*BQGW8Px_SYnjDXCjHI8KLg

His ex spoke out about being sexually assaulted by him
They're only decent when he's playing, now that he's gone they probably won't even make it past the first round
You love him as a streamer? Poor camera quality, trash talking people in game and on his chat and keeps saying "im done". Didn't even last 10 mins watching this dude.
    Yep tuned in to learn because he’s a good sova player and left within 5 minutes because he was a giant douchebag
    Its people's opinion ok? I like to watch him time to time pro play or streams but what he did is more than not right and I can see why people dont like him even before the situation.
        Im not saying he is wrong with his opinion. Im just wondering why would someone like a low quality production toxic streamer. But hey, whatever floats OP's boat.
            Well it depends on the person why they enjoy watching a certain streamer. For me, I watch him to try to learn and because he makes me laugh sometimes. But the situation is just insane. I never thought he would do such things even if hes an dumb and toxic sometimes.
    I can watch whatever I wanna watch man. The hell is that shock? That's like being a chocolate dude and give that exact response when you hear someone likes vanilla.
Sinatraa ex accused him of sexual assault last night
    Damn. Thx for the info
        not sexual assault, rape.
            Rape is a form of sexual assault

That's like saying "it's not a car, it's a mustang".
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S9OpZhPEWLyBt9baj4xzC2mnk\_2327AS\_iOhheJfA04/preview?pru=AAABeEHrF1Q\*BQGW8Px\_SYnjDXCjHI8KLg](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S9OpZhPEWLyBt9baj4xzC2mnk_2327AS_iOhheJfA04/preview?pru=AAABeEHrF1Q*BQGW8Px_SYnjDXCjHI8KLg)  


tldr he was accused of rape with a bunch of screenshots and an audio recording of him ignoring no by his ex
why would they, dicey doesn't play sova or raze very well. if they want to switch shaz to sova on ascent/haven and put dicey on the jett it wouldn't be optimal either.
    Bruh nothing's optimal, you think they're getting tenz? I'm just spitballing plausible ideas. Like they have to play... Dicey is probably the best/most notable FA
        why pick up dicey when there are other great players like derrek or tex? they play sova and tex plays raze. dont get me wrong dicey is great but he doesn't fit sen rn
        TenZ is for C9, doubt they would let him play for Sen.
            you can sub in while being signed to another team. technically any player that's not in masters can play for sentinels currently if the org allows it.
                I'm sure they could, but why give an opposing team an awesome player? Seems like bad strats lol
                    I mean it could be for TenZ. C9 Blue isn't qualified in Masters anyway so they won't get points either way. However, TenZ competing in a high level tournament can do him good and you know maybe wants to make a comeback from playing those type of games. You can't replicate the feeling of tournaments in pubs.
                    I mean, TenZ isn't even a player right now, he's a content creator. While it's kinda dicey(no pun intended) letting you poster child sub into a team like Sentinels, if Sentinels offered good money for a loan and TenZ really wanted to, that could happen, without disrupting the strategy of the C9B team.
                i have a feeling that neither C9 or 100T would allow it... why would you let your players (who are representing your org) play for another team?
                    [deleted]
                        Doesn't even matter.  Tenz has a contract for C9.  No way is there a clause that says "If we don't make an event you can play as a standin for another org"
Personally, I don't think SEN would pick up dicey simply because he is a Jett player and SEN have Shahz already, but idk, they might.
    Nadeshot it is
    [removed]
        We don't know what his contract is like OR how open minded 100T management is. I think loaning out Dicey for free for masters would be a MASSIVE pr move, I don't think 100T would be dumb enough to block it.
            “Lets just lend a guy who knows all our strats to our opponents in a major tournament” LOL
                I mean their comp has completely changed and Dicey isn't practicing with them anymore, who knows how useful he'd really be
                    Even then dicey would know their tendencies/how they like to play even on an individual basis and could use it against them there’s no way they crutch themselves like that
                        But so will Sentinels anyways, no? They've played tourney games and scrims, they know everyone's roles and how they play already
        I'm pretty sure they are letting him explore other opportunities.
            Just to confirm, Dicey himself said he was scrimming for a new team M,T, and today.
        Hiko said he is free to explore options, hes just "benched".
[removed]
the cancel culture has started kicking in.
    Accountability culture.
[removed]
    It's either the investigation found no wrongdoing or the classic "we investigated ourselves and ultimately found nothing wrong" and we honestly don't know which one.

But yeah, Sinatraa's fucked.
        Outside of police departments, these virtually always end with the accused employee getting fired/scapegoated. He's not unionized. He's not some important owner/majority shareholder. Don't kid yourself and say that  "we investigated ourselves and ultimately found nothing wrong" is a classic/easy line for this situation. And remember "we" = the company, not the employee. It would actually be very, very rare and unusual considering the circumstances not to fire the employee if they found significant wrongdoing.

source: Am lawyer who has actually been tasked with internal investigations of companies accused of wrongdoing. These internal investigations are always "find the easiest employee scapegoat to pin it on and fire".
            > these virtually always end with the accused employee getting fired/scapegoated.

Source?  Are you in a different country?  Do you work for a company with a classy HR team?

I have multiple close friends who have been sexually abused at work and it has resulted in investigations that have gone no where.  HR is there to protect the company, and shoving things under the rug or forcing the victim out is sometimes the best way to protect the company.  At the end of the day, they don't give a shit about victim or accused, they do what's best to quiet the situation.
                [deleted]
                    Ah yes, well if the accusations go public then of course the situation changes because the company is then pressured to "do the right thing".  If the accusations are investigated internally and nothing is publicized, the sad fact is things seem to get quieted.
Shit true
Pro player for the current #1 team in NA
    oh, thanks for letting me know. I’m new to valorant, idk why I got downvoted but it’s ok!
Why the downvotes?
    idk but it’s okay I was just wanting to know who he was
I'm not sure how much guidance it takes to know not to rape someone tbh fam
    Probably need to better educate people on what is actually rape. Like I know this was rape, you know this was rape, but I'm sure there are a lot of people that don't see this as rape since it's missing the physical violence component many people associate rape with. That's something that needs to be fixed still (even though it is getting better).
        Better sexual education for teenagers would be a start, and stronger guidance for youngsters who get propelled into fame out of nowhere. It's like when we see young sports prospects go off the rails so often in regular sports.
        If this kid needs to learn that someone saying, "No, stop, no" over and over is actually them asking you to, you know, stop, then  we need to seriously question the credibility of every grade school he ever attended. 

There is no explaining this away aside from, "He didn't listen to her and did what he wanted." That's the only explanation.
    If none of you think his fame had any impact on his recent actions then I feel sorry for how short sighted you are.
        It’s a shame that so many people are unable to have a civil discussion without compartmentalizing and shutting off. If there is any course of action or process that could be done to mitigate this kind of behavior then it’s worth doing.
            Yeah it is, but Reddit has just turned into every other social media platform. A place for vultures to prey on the fuck ups of society to get their likes/upvotes. Then it’s all forgotten about after a couple weeks and they carry on with their merry little lives until the next human does something despicable so they can ridicule them. Rinse and repeat. Doesn’t help solve the issue but it makes them feel popular because so many people enjoy other peoples failures so they’ll always get approval in the way of likes/upvotes. 

What he done was absolutely terrible, but virtually hanging him does absolutely nothing to prevent the issue again, but then again what would the righteous redditors have to laugh at if people like this young lad didn’t pop up every so often completely self destructing.
Weird how a lot of men need instructions to not be creepy rapey perverts
    It's weird how humans in general need instructions to not do terrible things to be honest
    To be fair I think he has a valid point, "absolute power corrupts absolutely" is a pretty true statement. While he didn't have genuinely absolute power but he had fame and prestige of being such a good player in 2 different games. All while making massive amounts of money at a young age. Obviously what he did is fucked, and I don't mean for this to sound like an excuse for him; but maybe he never had something or someone to teach him how to be a good person or morals, and while he was 'on top of the world' he didn't realize what he was doing was as fucked up as it is. This is all hypothetical and I don't want it to sound like I'm trying to make excuses, as I don't watch pro play that much and don't know too much about him.
 I do think a mentoring program would be beneficial in creating role models and instilling values in these players who might need that in their life.

Edit: I say this as someone who never had a real example of how to be a good person or man until I was ~14, the man I met around that time changed my life and how I acted for the significant better. I was lonely, depressed, and very angry at the world. I probably would have been some crazy far right republican if not for him. I'm just trying to express the importance and impact a role model has in a person's life.
    No need to bring gender into this, it goes both ways.
This. This needs to be higher and needs to be talked about. We put these 15/16/17 year olds in the limelight and expect it to not go to their head. Without guidance fame and fortune is corrupting to impressionable minds, and q conversation needs to be had

Edit: I'm not entirely sure what I said that was so different from OP. I'm not excusing the guy, he's a fuckstick, but I think a conversation about mental health needs to be had, because I believe this is preventable.
    People do not need fucking guidance on respecting the word “no” — it’s literally one of the first things people are taught in life — what no and yes mean. Sinatraaa is an adult. He fucking knew better, and still chose to be a rapist.
        But there's an aspect of mental health that you're ignoring by saying that. On some level, he doesn't understand that no means "no,". I'm not saying he's not an awful human being, he is, but you don't seriously believe that this could be something that could have been fixed through therapy or guidance before he got where his now? I just don't have it in me to believe that shitty human beings are shitty human beings from birth and that this couldn't have been avoided.
            [deleted]
                I think the other guy was advocating more more mental health programs/awareness, because no well adjusted person could ever rape another person. I don't think they advocated for lessoning a punishment. I saw it as a "fixing the reason why this happens" but that's a discussion on the human condition that I'm not qualified for.
                I'm not even remotely forgiving him or claiming the crime is less. That's not anywhere in anything I said, at all. I'm saying that we still live in a world where mental health isn't taken seriously enough and this could have been prevented.
            Man, you’re being gross. I didn’t say he was a shitty person from birth. I’m saying he chose to be a shitty person. He has known success and wealth for several years. He has been an abuser after the success and fame. You cannot make me feel bad for a rapist who had plenty of access and money to help if they actually needed or wanted it. 

Stop making excuses for someone who repeatedly chose to rape. It’s disgusting.
                I'm not, and have never said anything to excuse what's he's done, nor am I trying to make you feel bad for him, that's not anywhere in anything I said. 

It's fucked, he's a vile human being, but what if we learn from that and give the next kid the mental health counseling he needs before it gets to this point.
                    We have nothing to learn, dude. We all fucking learned as infants to stop whatever we’re doing when someone says no. You can’t rehabilitate people who choose to ignore that. Stop trying to make this some social system failure. It’s not.
                        I don't agree. I think you're assuming that every person in the world is taught by their parents that "no means no" because you were, but some people aren't. Some spoiled rotten kids learn that if you put up a big enough fight, you can get what you want, because it worked with their parents. 

It's fucked, especially on this level, but why the hell would we not try and prevent this in the future if we can by just acknowledging that this is preventable with the right guidance/therapy? 

Edit:

This isn't the first case of this, look at what happened in the Smash scene, and if we don't have a conversation about it, it won't be the last. You called me gross off an assumption, so now I'll make my assumption, I think you're gross because you don't want to stop this from happening to someone else.
                            Id leave it alone brotha, some people dont understand that when kids get to the top of that fame mountain, that the phrase "wow, i can literally do whatever i want, people love me" does enter their minds. I agree that young people need to be guided and reminded that even though you found success early and when you're a star you get babied by your company/org that doesnt tells you "no" that doesnt mean you can go and LITERALLY do whatever you want without consequence,  obviously sinatra is past that point, rape is not something to overlook and shouldnt be forgiven, but the concept you are explaining i agree with and support.

Edit: made some adjustments to clarify
    There are hundreds of 17 year old esports pros that haven't raped people. It's not complicated.
        So we just say, "cool, since it's only 1 in every couple hundred, we're good"?
            No, it's more about the person than the position. Anyone with the skills and drive to be a professional gamer is capable of getting a girlfriend and abusing them without being famous.

I don't think we should blame or expect anyone involved in Sinatraa's career to do something differently for this other than Sinatraa himself.
Here, have a downvote.
[Tweet with document here.](https://twitter.com/cie0h/status/1369497186740928512?s=21) 

Sinatraa's ex-girlfriend released a lengthy document detailing her sexual and emotional abuse from sinatraa with detailed audio recordings and chat logs. The evidence against sinatraa is fucking damning.
Ex brought up rape accusations against him, provided receipts and audio as well.
He sexually abused his girlfriend
    And how did this got public?
Just search up sinatraa on twitter :\\
That’s a stretch. If he didn’t physically force her or drug or something like that I don’t think jail time would be appropriate. Still a dick if he manipulated her emotionally though that’s not cools
So sad. How easy men can abuse women and for the majority of their brainwashed fans, they will defend abusers. Just outright stupid.
After watching Legal V, I am completely suspicious of any and all out of context audio recordings.
I didn't listen, but I'm pretty sure she uploaded an audio clip from a "session" they filmed. If she shares said video with the officials, the dude is pretty much fucked.

[Edit] Normally I would agree with this sentiment. We've seen a lot of times where people jump to conclusions and it blows up in their face. However this time there seems to be fairly concrete evidence of abuse that was provided by the victim.
    johnny depp + amber heard

you can't jump to conclusions because "this time" there seems to be fairly concrete evidence
The fact that you only refer to her as a “chick” pretty clearly shows your biases, lmao
For someone in their early 20s in 2021, filing charges, hiring a lawyer, and going to court in the middle of a pandemic is definitely more technically difficult than writing a simply writing a document on Twitter. There's also a lot of difficulty involved in actually testifying and prosecuting these cases.
    So are we using the internet as a personal vigilante service? Things as serious as this can really only be solved through the court of law. We have it for a reason and people think that just posting shit on twitter or reddit will do the same exact thing. If anything the real victims that do this really hurt their accusation in court because they say contradictory shit since they're mostly young kids that don't think about that sort of stuff and it will be picked word by word by the accused defense team. Vigilantism is not the same as real justice. This guy is a total, absolute shitbag and absolutely deserves justice, not some random dudes on the internet trying to ruin his life even though he deserves it.
[removed]
Because the police always believe women.

Because the police always follow up with victims. 

Because famous people always get the same level of scrutiny.

Because if you're a victim you deserve to have to go through the emotional harm and financial trouble of bringing this up with police.

Because no woman has ever been charged with false reporting before being villified years later.

These are all /s if you couldn't guess.
????? U read the doc homie???? The truth already came out
    I keep seeing they are only allegations. Legally he is still innocent. This is how the our courts work, homie. I’ll still get downvoted though lol
        She gave video and/or audio proof I think
        Oh noooo not another one who thinks what courts say is equal to the truth. Courts are meant to find the truth. The truth and the court are not one entity. You can discern truth without the courts, and courts can making rulings that are not the truth. Your inability to discern any truth without implicating courts is demonstrative of a larger issue on your side.
            So you know 100% for a fact that those allegations are true?
                Beyond any reasonable doubt. The fact that you asked that question is a joke tho since you brought up the courts, which never know anything 100%. So which is it? You need to know something with 100% certainty for it to be true, or the courts need to rule a certain way for it to be true? Those are two very different things so I don’t see why you accept a court ruling if ur standard is 100% certainty. “True” in this case just Being your belief that it’s true, the actual truth of course doesn’t change.
                    It seems like you know something no one else does is my point. All I’m saying is I hope the truth comes out, because in the past it’s gone both ways, but in pretty much every situation, the man ends up on the losing side. 
The legality of things is very important. We cannot just go around “discerning” if someone is guilty or not without proof. Socially, yes society does that, which is morally wrong in my opinion as I’ve stated before. Just like the courts miss something, the general public and especially those with an agenda to prove will find guilt with little to no evidence will more than likely convict incorrectly. This is dangerous.

Excuse the late replies. Reddit has chosen to limit my replies because I probably gave someone’s feelings a booboo.
                        U hopping around moving goalposts bruv. Everything u say is disconnected from the last thing u said. You keep saying ‘I hope the truth comes out’ but it already came out. Besides an admission of guilt from the accused, I’m not sure what else could come to light that could possibly be any more concrete as the ‘truth’ then the screenshots and audio recordings she provided. I hope we can both agree that the truth can be true without an admission of guilt from the accused, so I would ask this: what would you classify as “the truth coming out?” What would need to happen for the truth to have come out in your opinion?
                            Sure I’ll reiterate since you haven’t picked up on it yet: it’s simple, really, but confusing for some, apparently: a legal conviction. In this case, that is truth. I trust the legal system.
                                >I trust the legal system.

Oh look, a comedian.
johnny depp

neekolul
What more would you need? A video proof of him basically r-ping her? Audio recording along with dated text months back is pretty good proof.
    if you're that gullible then i feel sorry for you

people play things off so good you believe them even if the evidence says otherwise right in front of your face.

you're no better along with the other people that jump to conclusions.
Including doctored audio?
Should we ignore rapist just because they're in esports? Lol
    should we support convicted domestic abuser because she's female?  and continue to support her and give her hearts? ->neekolul
thanks
    Does sentinels have a backup?
        they’re probably rushing to find a free agent player as of now
            KOLER YES
                as a big fan of KOLER i would love this. KOLER is amazing and he's nice af. he really deserves some recognition
                    i think it might be dizzy because he is a temporary stand in for SEN.
                        I love dizzy, but I'm not sure he is in the right mindset for this right now. I mean, competing in Masters takes a huge mental toll on a person and dizzy has looked mentally shaky even in pubs when streaming. He's still an insane player and grinds like a crazy, but I'm not exactly sure he is fine enough to compete at that level. I'd love to see him tho
                            Dizzy also said he might go pro in a year or so if thata what he wants to do but for now he doesn't want to
                            thats fair, but I too would love to see him
                            [deleted]
                        Don't do this, Don't give me hope
                    [deleted]
                        he's such a nice guy i always enjoy watching his streams. he seems like a humble dude so i wish him the best.
                can't be KOLER since he played in VCT with beastcoast
                KOLER IS CRACKED
            Has dicey gotten picked back up yet or is he not coming back to the pro scene?
        I hope for brax so hard
            Same here brotha, brax would be a saviour for SEN if they subbed him in
                Yeah like i don't get why he wasn't picked up yet. Duded insane
        Nope
            They have dizzy
            What kind of team doesn't have backups that can play? Seems stupid to not have any.
                Idk ur downvotes but ur right
                    Yeah, sen fanboys I guess
                Yes i agree. Not having any backups is kinda insane
Damn...Twitter is toxic as fuck, thank god I stopped using it.
    would love to keep female friends away from any of the dudes replying to the twitter post.
        Just use the block function lol turn the screen off
            I know you're just memeing (tyler? lol) but sadly these males are real people irl.
                Pretty sure they don’t have the balls to say the same things irl like they do online
                    That's not what I meant. These are real men, who will one day get a girlfriend and treat them like shit because of those very beliefs.
    Twitter is the worst invention ever.  There should be a breathalyzer required before use as well.
        Yep. It's a place where anything that looks like hope for humanity rots away.
        Half the people on Twitter don’t even realize the severity of the situation and are defending this bastard blindly
    It is toxic as fuck and I'm glad you quit but if that is your takeaway from this situation you still have work to do.
        My takeaway from the situation is that Sinatraa's behaviour with his ex was disgusting and it was formed the moment I read cloe's doc. I was just referencing the toxic replies to the twiter post. Smh
        Have you seen some of the replies to the sentinels tweet? It’s pretty toxic
The replies on that shit are terrible. Twitters a hellhole
The fucking toxicity in that thread. Good lord.
Love all the simps like, let's hear him out, if she was really having the issue why now... Well when these people are clearly presented evidence and still are pulling for them, maybe they should understand that the girl was probably pulling for him too, being in a relationship and all, despite the harm he was inflicting. People need to be more empathetic and realize that power imbalance situations in relationships and the sort severly complicate making already difficult choices and doing so cleanly.
Yea he's going need some serious receipts to come out of this clean.
    i dont think its even possible for him to come out clean no matter what receipts he has. i mean she has *audio evidence* not to mention chat screenshots.

sure he could claim the audio evidence was cnc, but with the text screenshots as well theres no saving him

edit: im seeing a lot of people mentioned the "its kinkplay" angle. thats what i meant by cnc (its a kink and stands for consent to not consent). so im saying that he could easily claim that they had safewords and it was consentual kinkplay, but because she also has text screenshots of her talking to her friends about it and him harassing her the chances of it being kinkplay are even less likely.
        That audio evidence is actually a video, she only posted the audio for obvious reasons.
        Doubt he could have anything against all of the allegations, but for the audio clip in particular, I saw someone mention that one possibility is that that kind of pushy/dominance play was an agreed sexual play between the two, which would actually be a believable angle.

That said, even if it were true, it seems highly unlikely that sinatraa could have any proof of that.
            On top of this, why would she really want to do this? It could be a petty “get back” at someone, but she’s going to be hounded by cunts online for a very long time, *despite* it leaning to be very clearly true. You could have all the evidence in the world proving you were raped, abused emotionally and physically and you’ll still be attacked online. 

She’s got a pretty rough few weeks ahead of her, I hope she is able to block it out as much as she can and move forward now.
            The thing is that she doesn't have proof of that either and tone of her voice is pretty weird. 

I just hope she press charges if there was an actual abuse going on. Ending a career is not enough for a sexual abuser. If she hasn't pressed charges then the story might involve things that we do not know about and  it's right to assume that there might be another side to this. It's not guilty until proven otherwise. 

I was on the "sent him to jail" train yesterday, but my girlfriend is a lawyer, I showed her the twitter thing and she said some things seem fishy and the only concrete evidence that cannot be twisted in any way is that the guy is an insecure asshole ,but that's not a crime at least here in the UK.
        Chats are way easier to fake than audios. I mean I could fake a chat with TenZ if I wanted just have someone pretend to be him
            If you know his discord, you don't even need two people. Just make an alt and use one instance via browser and the other via client.
        [deleted]
        [removed]
            No means yes? Please stop embarrassing yourself 💀💀
                No doesn't mean yes but my point is a baby voiced playful no can be misread as a yes and it's her fault she didn't stand up for herself then but now trying to victimize herself
                    Here is a textbook example of victim blaming.

I’d rate 10/10 for sheer ignorance.
                    She said no multiple times, just stop.
                        I'm sorry but that no doesn't sound like she's resisting at all
so true, Riot has invested much into equality for all gender gaming. for them to allow Jay Won back into their league for $$$ will be hypocrisy
    Well let's not forget that Riot themselves has had massive issues with sexism and inequality in these past years.
        Which is a big reason why they’ve been distancing themselves from that image and pushing for equal treatment lately.
Good riddance
I mean this is just straight-up rape here. Constant emotional abuse followed by gaslighting to wear down his girlfriend so she'd be quiet while he continued to rape her. Corporations love to hand-wave away sexual assault or misogyny or racism for their best players and pretend like the abuser has learned their lesson, but this one is a bit more serious than most accusations. I'm not sure she has all the evidence needed to prosecute this in court successfully, but this could end in prison time if she gets a good lawyer and presses it hard enough. I hope she does.
Surely it's based on proof?  As long as he lawyers the fuck up asap and handles it properly then he should be fine.  Assuming he didn't do it.
He was accused of raping his ex girlfriend
    holy shit
Holy fuck
    reasonable reaction
        I think its sad that she endured the abuse for so long. Celebrity status does not give people the right to abuse you.
            Its not just the celebrity status. Victims of abuse often do mental gymnastics to avoid blaming the abuser if they love them. This was clearly the case here, however over time she was no longer able to deny the fact she was in an abusive relationship
    Off topic, but I like the username
she also links an audio file in the doc. it's pretty scary to hear. Power dynamics are an actual thing in relationships and sometimes people don't learn that.
Dude got fuckin exposed in 32K, there’s no way out of this but jail innit
    jailwill depend on if she presses charges and then can build a case against him that will unanimously convict. this is really difficult for non-wealthy people.
        Yeah jail might be a stretch to pull off and I kinda doubt she'll press charges anyway but this should for sure be the end of his pro career, at least for a loooong time.
            it better fucking end his career, you cant rape a girl then keep your job
        The DA is the person who will decide whether or not charges are pressed in criminal procedures, not the person. So it’s out of her hands at this point.
            The chance of the DA pressing charges or ever even finding out about this situation at all or there being any kind of preliminary investigation whatsoever to determine legal action are slim to none if she never even goes to the police.

Especially a year later. The DA will have no reason to even look at this case unless major evidence is presented directly to him by somebody. Even then, it’s already been over a year.
She accused him of rape, not just sexual harassment or assault.
    Honest question, not trying to be a smart ass or anything, just uninformed. Does rape not fall under sexual assault legally? Are they different charges?
        I believe they are defined in the law differently yes. Without sounding dismissive of some peoples experiences sexual assault is the "lesser" crime I believe, non-penatrative stuff, but I am not even a resident of the US so I could be wrong.
        The exact definition varies depending on which country you are in but in general rape is a different and more serious charge than sexual assault.
        from my understanding all rape can technically be considered sexual assault/harassment but not all sexual assault/harassment is rape. sexual assault can refer to rape but also towards most kinds of non-consensual sexual acts that are physical (stuff like groping) and sexual harassment includes things that aren't physical like making unwanted sexual comments about somebody. so in this case sexual harassment/assault is an understatement because it would imply that sinatraa's actions were limited to something verbal or non-penetrative when what the victim describes is pretty clear cut rape.
        Just to add to this, In the UK the definition of "rape" can only be committed by a male as it must be penetrative with a penis. Similar actions by a woman would be classed as "assault by penetration", though charged and treated on the same level. 

Just something I learned early in my police career that I found interesting.
    on her end, she never said it was rape. she, in her mind, believed it wasn't rape. she even made it clear on the doc towards then end.

`Also, to everyone who says, "Why didn't you go to the police". I thought about it for weeks. I stood outside a police station and stared at it for like 20 minutes, then walked home. I didn't physically fight him. I wasn't scared of him killing me or anyone I loved. I wasn't unconscious. And that's what legally constitutes rape.`

but, it was. i hope she knows that it most definitely was. no means no. just because she didn't fight it, nor was afraid of death, doesn't mean that it wasn't. 

its really sad it see she doesn't believe it herself.
Why Twitter needs a dislike button
    Twitter needs to be removed from the internet. It's just a cess pool of morons.
        So does Reddit. Facebook. Tik tok. Social media is a cancer
        isn't it the same platform that helped the girl come out with her story though?
            Still needs to be removed. The good doesn't outweigh the bad
        bruh someone downvoted this lmao
            They are probably one of the morons that love Twitter
I just want to preface what im about to say with: yes, i don't understand peoples attitude about "omg she ruined his career" when she brought receipts. Very high chance he's rightfully done.

I wanted to ask: how do we know she didn't threaten suicide? Playing devils advocate, and the stuff with proof attached she's in the right, but that is still "he said she said" territory so I'd rather not call anything a fact unless we have proof
    &#x200B;

> I'd rather not call anything a fact unless we have proof 

She says she has the breakup text and I believe her. I could be wrong.  
I mean technically you're right but given the context, I'm inclined to believe her over him.
        Didn’t she say that she broke up over phone call? I’m very confused
        Also playing devil's advocate, the amount of evidence against sin is overwhelming here. If she was able to screencap many other texts why can't she screencap the breakup text if she has it?
            What is the breakup text? It said in the word document that the breakup was over the phone, she mentioned something about being him being on speakerphone with a roommate next to her, it wasn't over text
                She said the breakup was over text & phone
                    Yeah she mentioned in the doc that she broke up with him over phone.
                Oh, then no documentation is completely understandable.
        I agree with you, and am leaning on that side! Just playing the devils advocate
And you just know those same assholes will boycott a company they don't like for a perceived personal slight.
    People who say "cancel culture is ruining careers" are the same people that get mad when a game company changes their twitter avi to rainbow for a single month out of the year
        except in china
[deleted]
    Cancel culture isn’t a thing, you Neanderthal. It is called responsibility for one’s actions, and it has been around for a LONG time.
        I mean cancel culture isn’t “stupid people paying consequences for their actions” it’s “potentially stupid people pay consequences for actions they’re accused of”. An example was that one football player who lost his career for a chick that accused him of rape when it was all false but regardless he lost his career for something he didn’t do. I’m trying to think of an esports example but I started getting into it this year. Point is that there is such thing as cancel culture. It’s been a coined term for a reason.
            Unicorn is a word but they don’t exist. Cancel culture is a right wing dog whistle for “anything I don’t like and have to face the consequences of my actions for.” It is not some cultural phenomenon of wide spread false accusations, that simply doesn’t exist. Wanna know why you can’t think of any others? It’s because you’re extrapolating a single event into some grand conspiracy.
                No one said it was about false accusations reread what I said and who said anything about conspiracy lol? If you want to think of someone saying cancel culture as a conspiracy then be my guest💀. Listen man I’m just calling it how it is. If you’re trying to bring politics into it then do your thing but that’s not my cup of tea, especially on a esports subreddit
        this is stupid as fuck. People were sure as hell ready to cancel johnny depp werent they?
I mean it is.
    In this case, it isn't. People keep using that buzzword but it lost all meaning. With hard evidence, it's not cancel culture, it's consequence culture.
I mean it is, but this is completely separate.
Sadly open misogyny in gaming has been a thing long before gamergate
Okay, if I get lambasted for this so be it but I want to point out that there is a line between victim shaming and wanting to hear the other person's side. Yes, the former often includes the latter but they are not the same thing. The shaming is messed up, especially considering the amount of courage it took for her to post in the first place. Saying that she's lying or faked the evidence or whatever because "egirl" is fucked up.

Saying that we should hear sinatraa's side is not the same thing. Don't be obtuse. To be clear, I'm convinced that he is guilty. But that doesn't mean that he shouldn't get a chance to say his side. Can you imagine a justice system that didn't give one side a chance to speak?

I'm also not trying to invoke all this "well historically there have been false accusations" shit. Previous cases are not relevant to this. She has put forth rock solid evidence of his wrongdoings. Let's follow some semblance of due process because being fucking civilized is *usually* a good thing, just saying. He'll get what's coming to him, and already has started to from Riot's swift response.
Amber Heard.
Thats why everyone in the world thinks americans are stupid , there is no real evidence the pictures are a stupid conversation between teenagers and the audio is like 8 sec. where she says no but we dont know in what context, so wtf are people out here believing everything she says.
Can you give me an article or study showing 50% of the recent alienations were bullshit. Because I think your typing out of your ass right now.
    50% is probably a vast exaggeration, all I can think of the top of my head was the one league player for clg who got fucked over false claims
so many victims of sexual assault are unable to go to the police for numerous reasons, like she outlined in her statement. in addition, the often invasive and horribly misogynistic ways that the police and judicial system have time and time again shamed victims for coming forward and essentially silenced victims. other than the audio (and video recordings if she chooses to share with the police), the texts and other forms of emotional and verbal abuse may not neccesarily be recognized by the law. it takes so much courage for anyone to go to the police and seek help when there has historically been so much judgement and discrimination within the judicial system. she's allowed to speak her truth and whoever says "just go to court" or "just go to the police" are extremely ignorant about how these allegations are handled within a judicial system.
i tbag people its fun
I know he is godly at video games but how is he a role model? His streams are nothing but toxicity. Dude is mad immature. Even without this whole mess of a situation I don't see how he was a role model. So many other great dudes to look up to.
    Man acted like a d-bag on stream and I’m not surprised that he’s one (and *much* worse) off stream too. Good riddance.

This community needs some actual role models not people like him.
        I honestly don't understand how people can describe streamers who are insanely toxic as good role models. This wasn't even debatable before the Cleo post, he is a known prick from Competitive Overwatch.

Who do so many make excuses for bad people?
            And people wonder why it's so difficult for the abused to come out. They're usually making the same excuses and it's hard for them to come to terms with the reality of the situation.
        Hiko, AverageJonas, hell, even Dicey or Asuna, are great inspirations who aren't absolute pricks.
            [deleted]
                yes you are terribly uninformed my friend..I was there in the live stream and am 100% sure he said noob but cut it off at the n- ..and people do what they do best and jumped at the opportunity.
        I think Hiko is a good candidate for that title
    Boxer, Daigo, Faker, Scarlett, Shroud.  So many wholesome, mature and extremely talented pros to have as role models, not just in game, but in life.

And we gotta settle on Sinatraa.
        Or people like Grubby
            Totally forgot about Grubby.
        Shoutout to Rapha, one of the best and most respectful FPS players of all-time.  If only Quake were more popular...
        Scarlett from SC2? Does she stream? That sounds like it'd be extremely interesting to watch
        Hey man don't forget step bro Hiko
    He wasn't a role model in terms of his personality for me, but instead his level of skill and his accomplishments, plus his story, the way he was revered for his insane dps in OW, his plays in Valorant, etc.
        He was pretty fuckin toxic in ow before he got a serious coach and even afterwards he wasn't exactly mother Teresa.
        Honestly, I hated the way he would act to other people on stream, but I watched him cause I knew he was the best and I wanted to learn, and I see why people don't like him
            I knew he was a douchey child when his team won the first fight in an OWL match and he teabagged everyone lmao... it was literally the first fight of the first map...
                come the hell one. Oh no HE TEABAGGED PEOPLE WHAT A PEACE OF SHIT!!!
                [deleted]
                    He said he knew Sinatraa was a "douchey child", not a rapist
        So he wasn’t a role model. He was good at a game.
            Yeah, I see that “role model” isn’t exactly the right term, and I apologize. Maybe more like inspiration? I’m really not sure what to call it, but he was one of the players I used to support and I looked to him if I wanted to get better
    You should've seen him as a toxic 16 yo on the overwatch ranked ladder. That shit wasn't even funny and compared to then he's the most reformed streamer you'll ever see.
        He was such an awful person on ladder, seriously. It amazes me he was never punished for it. I had a clip on my old PC from s3 of comp of Sinatraa telling me he’d “stomp my teeth out of my head” if I nanoboosted our Winston next team fight over him. Which made me laugh my ass off that a 16 year old kid who’s known for video games would be so angry and toxic that he’d threaten someone’s personal well-being over a fucking ultimate ability LMAO. Also couldn’t take him seriously as I know he weighs like 130 pounds soaking wet and literally spends 17+ hours a day at a computer. Talk about ego..
            Yeah honestly, the guy would lose a fight to a squirrel lmao
        Yeah its weird seeing the types of fans who flock to personalities like that. I can understand occasionally being toxic or over confidence but when it's 24/7 it's no longer a joke.
    THIS. I never understood why he was “looked up to” by literally anyone. I have many experiences (awful ones, at that) of playing in OW pubs with Jay during seasons 1-5 of Competitive Overwatch and I could tell from a very early stage in his career that he himself would be the one to ruin it. The kid has some seriously deep-rooted issues that require rehabilitation, proper-education, and rightfully so; jail time. 

It blows my mind that the generation below me is so captivated by skill in a video game that so many of you overlook massive character-flaws and begin to idolize complete narcissistic, selfish, boarder-line sociopaths which in turn creates an even more terrifying and dangerous individual. I can think of over a half a dozen Valorant streamers who harbor a much more positive, welcoming and wholesome environment then Jay and their skill level is right up there with him. Please stop idolizing scumbags, please stop idolizing figures in the eSport scene as a whole if you’re idolizing them purely for the value they bring to the video game they play. Look past their ability to click a fucking pixel, and try to find something else in them to idolize, because trust me, there are many reasons to look up to or favorite streamers outside of the game. How do they talk to their chat? Do they have a wife or girlfriend, how do they interact with them while their on stream? Etc. thanks for coming to my TED talk
        [deleted]
            Very fucking true and great point there. I find it much more evident and apparent in video game communities though because our interactions are for the most part, centered around video games while other shit like 45, could be pressing on vastly different topics all in the political sphere. In eSports though, you have a game and you have participants; and when this level of degeneracy surfaces it can be a lot more staggering. Most of us all are here for video games after all, so it makes sense for some to idolize their favorite players, I think it’s just being done for the wrong reasons. Much in the same reason for those who support 45.
        I think you have a pretty valid point. Personally, I think it is alright to look up to someone as inspiration, and that as long as you don't worship them and acknowledge their faults, it is alright, but I could be wrong
            No I totally get the sentiment behind it and I surely have my idols in esports too no doubt! And I won’t hold any pretentiousness over that and say my idols are “better” they were just different. I grew up in a video game era where personalities in the pro CS scene like n0thing, pashabiceps, hiko (hey, we all know him!) were getting big and displaying insane skill levels while also exemplifying aspects of being incredible people off of the server, and I think that’s what I should have initially said opposed to “please stop idolizing esports people for their skill alone.” And more-so said it like I did just now. It’s one thing to acknowledge “damn, this dude/girl is INSANE at video games, I wanna play like them” and “I wanna BE them,” because that’s just unhealthy. Everyone deserves the respect for themselves to want to be the best version of just that, themselves..not some one else.
        What deep rooted issues? Explain?
            Dropping out of high school to play video games for a living while making double the salary of what the average American does by age 17 can cause a lot of issues in a person if not handled responsibly, which is pretty evident as being the case for Sinatraa. Clearly there’s been aspects of his life that he has struggled with and he has projected those struggles in heinous ways. Just watch his streams or play in a match with him.. it’s pretty easy to tell he has fuckin’ issues mate. Do I know what they are? Not at all. It could be lots of things. Parenting problems, mental illness left unchecked, etc. a person simply doesn’t become that angry and that toxic and inconsiderate of others well-being without having some deeply-rooted issues that were left to just fester and become worse. Do I blame him? Yes, but not all the way. Somewhere along the way his support systems failed him horribly and now other humans have suffered because of it. Happens every day in this world and it’s truly sad.
                Brax was a pro CS player even younger than him and you never saw anything like the garbage Sinatra was pulling, he’s just a bad person.
    because he was funny, and good i guess
    The moment when I heard he called people 'virgins' did it for me. Wrote this fella off asap.
My Sinatraa Twitch prime subscription is still active. I feel dirty
I was a Boston Uprising fan in season 1 of the overwatch league and a similar thing happened. Really talented damage player turned out to be a teen groomer. It sucks to lose such an amazing talent, but that's what it takes to hold people accountable and to have integrity. Cracked gamers come and go, but the damage of abuse is sever and lasting.
Been watching this kid since he was 16 and tearing it up at Overwatch World Cup. I had such high hopes for him when he joined the League and mellowed out, seemed like he was really growing and responding to the coaching. I can still see him hugging his mom after his team won the League championships when he was crowned MVP. She bought tickets to the championships they second they went on sale, she was that confident and supportive. 

This is such a gut punch to me, feels like my own little brother has just been outed for this shit. I'm older, but I'm a woman and a gamer too. It took me a very long time to get through Cleo's testimony because I was inches away from a relationship like that at the same age. I've been sick to my stomach all day. I really hope she gets closure and peace about it. I'm so disappointed in sinatraa. May he reap what he has sown, but may he also grow enough to learn the error of his ways understand he can never take back hurting someone in this way and atone for what he's done
Apart from his mechanics, what about him and his personality made him your role model?
Your edit doesn't clarify anything, what about his personality inspired you?
    Nothing about his personality inspired me, it was his skills and decision making
sinatra's ex girlfriend posted a doc on twitter with audio recording and text screens of his behavior and they are pretty fucking real and you can tell that these shits ain no fake just by looking one of his streams vod, the guy is extremely toxic towards everyone who doesnt idolize him

short story dude is a rapist and a manipulative sexual abuser, disgusting tbh
he multiple times didnt stop fucking her when she asked him to
    Claimed.  It needs to go to the police and through the courts.  He needs to be tried over this if he was raping her.  Due process must be done and he must face jail time.

This needs to be done properly.
        A business doesn't need due process to stop doing business with someone. What is so hard to understand about that?   


OJ Simpson was found not guilty of murder in a legal process, are you out there protesting about how CBS won't give him a broadcasting role now? He is not guilty, right? Would you do business with him?
            I don't care about his career or riot's response, I didn't even mention it?

These allegations need to go to the police and through the courts, he needs to be tried.  Everything else is completely arbitrary.

Riot can do w.e the fuck they want, I couldn't give a shit.  This is more serious than any of that bullshit.  Riot are right to remove him from the tournament, and the team to suspend him pending investigation.  My hope is he lawyers up and goes to court, because this needs to be done properly.

If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision.  If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.
                So OJ was found innocent. Should he be allowed back in the broadcasting booth or given a shot in the NFL as a assistant coach?

Innocent beyond a reasonable doubt is a criminal standard. The rest of the word doesn’t operate on a beyond a reasonable doubt standard, and riot can keep him banned regardless of what happens in court if they feel that the information released justifies it.

A small legal technicality can make the audio inadmissible in court, along with the text messages. I fully support getting due process in a criminal trial, but it’s ridiculous to insist that a business has to accept someone who they think is a murderer or a rapist.
                >If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision. If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.

imagine thinking that the legal system defines someone's guilt

use your brain and draw your own conclusion, just as riot will do

sinatraa is a rapist and you don't need a fucking court to tell you that
                    I can't do that though? I don't have the information necessary to judge yet? It's highly unlikely I will either.  Sinatra has to present his own evidence and counter/disprove the claims against him yet.  Until he does I can't make an informed decision on anything.  To claim otherwise is folly IMO.

All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

The fact that you've already made up your mind is a little worrying tbf.  It means you're not prepared to view any new information and have accepted one set of evidence as facts without questioning.

This is why these things have to go through the proper due diligence and why it takes a long time.  This is also one of the reasons I don't like public court of opinions.  Because people take things at face value and don't think.

Also the legal system does define guilt.  That's literally why it exists for.

Is it flawed? For sure.
                        >All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations> (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

You are fucked in the head.

The screenshots display a clear pattern of emotional manipulation and abuse. Tracking one's partner and then guilt tripping them IS ABUSE. You are truly fucked up if you read the content of the screenshots and took nothing away from them.

Furthermore, the recording is damning. Listen to it.

I'm sorry but there is very little that can salvage this situation. Unless the recording and screenshots were faked, there is no doubt in my mind that Sinatraa raped and abused his girlfriend. His personality and pattern of tweets do him no favors either.

Finally, I am far more inclined to believe a person in a relationship with such a vast power imbalance. Those in positions of power (ie. rich men) are orders of magnitude more likely to commit sexual abuse.

>Also the legal system does define guilt. That's literally why it exists for.

It does not. It exists to protect the capitalist class and suppress minorities, at least in the United States. It does not exist to establish guilt.
[removed]
Yep, consent can be withdrawn at any time it doesnt matter if you are close to being done or whatever, no means no.
https://youtu.be/oQbei5JGiT8
About point 1, it's only been 40 years since that became a legal issue between spouses in the US. Before that there were no consequences and it took until the mid-90s for it to be enacted in all states (about 25 years ago). And even some states now don't think it's rape unless it's physically forced.
Even if you don't like him, you should still hear both sides
    I agree and I never said we shouldn't hear his side of the story. Riot and Sentinels should take action based on hearing both side
    Yeah he will need something really compelling though. She has the receipts for sure.
    "Na bro people who side with her are virgins SHEESH" Probs what he would say
at least they pull out, unlike sinatraa
There's been a few but I still wouldn't generalize that to the entire OW community.

But yes, I have noticed as an OW player that Overwatch community does have a lot more mentally ill people than other games
Name 5 former/current overwatch players who are pedophiles, rapists... And name like 3 that are toxic with big egos :/
    Sinatra, redshell, xqc, dreamkazper,  moufin, kephri, that's the stuff off of the top of my head, im not going to spend my time researching all the creeps and toxic players there are, but I mean just look at all the controversy there is surround pro players. Also what's with all those specific numbers lmao.
        xqc???
            yes, xqc is toxic
He sexually abuser his girlfriend a while back and she recently released a statement with proof.
    Just want to correct you - he is being accused of rape.

I'm not sure if you didn't read the allegations or what, but I don't want people to read your post and think that the accusation against Sinatra isn't an incredibly serious allegation. Sinatra is not being accused of unwanted sexual touching, exposure, or any of the "lesser" crimes that fall into the sexual assault umbrella - he is being accused of rape.
he emotionally abused his ex and physically raped her repeatedly
I see what your saying but I doubt his teammates see it that way I would be furious if I was on his team.
    His teammates will either deny anything has happened (because that is easier for the human mind) or read the stuff and probably just see him as a completely different person, who they might not want to associate with at all.
        Or.....they won't care.
            which is option A
                I think what they meant was that they won’t deny it they just don’t care he did it
                    It's a form of denial.
            Even if the individual teammates didn't care, no org would ever have him on their roster.
    thats cuz yer dumb
I mean, he chose to be an asshole years ago and at the time he was also an esports player, so he put his teammates in a tough spot at some point in time.
    Being a dick and being an abuser aren't exactly the same thing. His teammates dealt with his asshole personality, not anything even close to abuse or sexual assault
        Try to use your brain
no he did put his teammates in a shit situation by being a shit person I'm pretty sure. Don't try to shift the blame onto the story coming out being the issue.
Every time you act without good character you are putting those close to you at risk. Even those close to you years away. Karma doesn’t care when it gets even, only that it does.
    Karma doesn't exist. Pretty funny how people use it as an excuse to wish ill on someone else like it makes them a better person lol Santa isnt real either...sry
He put his teammates in a shitty situation.
Or maybe don't make terrible decisions that could come back and bite you in the ass? Regardless of how far removed, yeah it is his fault and he put them in this situation.
So you’re saying his actions didn’t put his team in a rough spot? The story is about his actions. There would be no story without them. He did this to his teammates.
    Obviously there is no story if there nothing worth telling a story about. I clearly know that, and knew that when I made the comment. The effect on his teammates is 0 until it becomes public information though, that's just true
        We’re just going to keep repeating the same arguments. The story needed to come out for this to effect his teammates, yes, but his actions caused him to get suspended so it is his fault, ultimately. His teammates would have every reason to blame him. I guess the reason I’m even responding is because it seems like you’re diverting the blame when it’s all on his actions. No shitty behavior, no story, no suspension.
            Obviously I know this. I knew this when I made the first comment. There can't be an abuse story without the abuse. I was responding to someone who said sinatra put his teammates in a bad situation. Obviously sinatra is responsible for the overall situation. But the situation his team is in is a direct result of this information being made public, not him doing the bad things. He had done the bad things this entire time he's been playing valorant. Its a logical point I was making here. Not diverting blame or assigning moral responsibility for individual parts of the situation
So you are saying he should not consider his horrible actions which traumatized another person to might affect him or other people around him later in life? How about try to not treat other people as shit and be a decent human being. And by the way "over a year ago" is NOT long ago.
Well well well, if it isn't the consequences of my own actions.
Wouldn't have been a problem if there hadn't been a story to come out. Shit like this is a landmine waiting to blow up a team.
    True. I was only saying it's the problem being made public that causes the effect on those around sinatra. Obviously problems can't be made public if there are no problems. A lot of people seem to be interpreting it this way. Probably too hot of a topic to bother making this not very important point
        And I'm just sayinf that it's going to come out eventually and there will never be a good time to lose a crucial member of your team. He basically pulled a pin on a grenade and passed it to every team he's been on since. I really don't want to frame it like it's the girl's fault even though I know that's not your intention.
            If you think it's "going to come out eventually" no matter what then absolutely, it's like pulling a pin on a grenade and just holding onto it. I think this is probably just too hot of a topic to bother arguing a point of so little importance. Was a mistake in my part
                I just think the way you framed it is bad.
We don't know if he actually did do those things. If he did, then he deserves everything he has coming at him. If he didn't tho, I'd feel bad for him
    I mean his ex girlfriend shared audio clips which pretty clearly show sexual abuse so I think it’s safe to say he did in fact do those things.
        Where?
            https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/m1pwnc/sinatras_ex_speaks_out/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
He lucky hes not gonna be sheeeeeeeshing in a prison cell
Why move completely from CSGO and Overwatch?
    Partially cause new game that I enjoyed, partially  because my friends that aren’t into “hardcore”games like CSGO were into Valorant. The news of Sinatraa moving games was what introduced me to Valorant
        I wish my friends played Valorant too, I don't really enjoy solo Q too much but it's fun to play with friends. The friends I played it with are all back to playing mostly CS. 

But then again, we are in EU where the Valorant hype didn't last as long and where CS is more popular by Valorant pretty clearly. But if we take a look at NA, the CS player numbers are disasterously low, the lowest they have ever been and Valorant is much more popular.
        Do you only play Valorant now?

I personally can not imagine playing only 1 game. I play a ton of different FPS Shooters such as:

* Apex Legends
* Overwatch
* CSGO
* Valorant
* Battlefield 4 and 5
* Rogue Company
            I play any game I really feel like playing, I still play a bit of OW and CS every once in a while, but mostly Valorant
            [removed]
                ayye same games I play
Nerd street gamers (NSG) on twitch
Yep tuned in to learn because he’s a good sova player and left within 5 minutes because he was a giant douchebag
Its people's opinion ok? I like to watch him time to time pro play or streams but what he did is more than not right and I can see why people dont like him even before the situation.
    Im not saying he is wrong with his opinion. Im just wondering why would someone like a low quality production toxic streamer. But hey, whatever floats OP's boat.
        Well it depends on the person why they enjoy watching a certain streamer. For me, I watch him to try to learn and because he makes me laugh sometimes. But the situation is just insane. I never thought he would do such things even if hes an dumb and toxic sometimes.
I can watch whatever I wanna watch man. The hell is that shock? That's like being a chocolate dude and give that exact response when you hear someone likes vanilla.
Damn. Thx for the info
    not sexual assault, rape.
        Rape is a form of sexual assault

That's like saying "it's not a car, it's a mustang".
Bruh nothing's optimal, you think they're getting tenz? I'm just spitballing plausible ideas. Like they have to play... Dicey is probably the best/most notable FA
    why pick up dicey when there are other great players like derrek or tex? they play sova and tex plays raze. dont get me wrong dicey is great but he doesn't fit sen rn
    TenZ is for C9, doubt they would let him play for Sen.
        you can sub in while being signed to another team. technically any player that's not in masters can play for sentinels currently if the org allows it.
            I'm sure they could, but why give an opposing team an awesome player? Seems like bad strats lol
                I mean it could be for TenZ. C9 Blue isn't qualified in Masters anyway so they won't get points either way. However, TenZ competing in a high level tournament can do him good and you know maybe wants to make a comeback from playing those type of games. You can't replicate the feeling of tournaments in pubs.
                I mean, TenZ isn't even a player right now, he's a content creator. While it's kinda dicey(no pun intended) letting you poster child sub into a team like Sentinels, if Sentinels offered good money for a loan and TenZ really wanted to, that could happen, without disrupting the strategy of the C9B team.
            i have a feeling that neither C9 or 100T would allow it... why would you let your players (who are representing your org) play for another team?
                [deleted]
                    Doesn't even matter.  Tenz has a contract for C9.  No way is there a clause that says "If we don't make an event you can play as a standin for another org"
Nadeshot it is
[removed]
    We don't know what his contract is like OR how open minded 100T management is. I think loaning out Dicey for free for masters would be a MASSIVE pr move, I don't think 100T would be dumb enough to block it.
        “Lets just lend a guy who knows all our strats to our opponents in a major tournament” LOL
            I mean their comp has completely changed and Dicey isn't practicing with them anymore, who knows how useful he'd really be
                Even then dicey would know their tendencies/how they like to play even on an individual basis and could use it against them there’s no way they crutch themselves like that
                    But so will Sentinels anyways, no? They've played tourney games and scrims, they know everyone's roles and how they play already
    I'm pretty sure they are letting him explore other opportunities.
        Just to confirm, Dicey himself said he was scrimming for a new team M,T, and today.
    Hiko said he is free to explore options, hes just "benched".
Accountability culture.
It's either the investigation found no wrongdoing or the classic "we investigated ourselves and ultimately found nothing wrong" and we honestly don't know which one.

But yeah, Sinatraa's fucked.
    Outside of police departments, these virtually always end with the accused employee getting fired/scapegoated. He's not unionized. He's not some important owner/majority shareholder. Don't kid yourself and say that  "we investigated ourselves and ultimately found nothing wrong" is a classic/easy line for this situation. And remember "we" = the company, not the employee. It would actually be very, very rare and unusual considering the circumstances not to fire the employee if they found significant wrongdoing.

source: Am lawyer who has actually been tasked with internal investigations of companies accused of wrongdoing. These internal investigations are always "find the easiest employee scapegoat to pin it on and fire".
        > these virtually always end with the accused employee getting fired/scapegoated.

Source?  Are you in a different country?  Do you work for a company with a classy HR team?

I have multiple close friends who have been sexually abused at work and it has resulted in investigations that have gone no where.  HR is there to protect the company, and shoving things under the rug or forcing the victim out is sometimes the best way to protect the company.  At the end of the day, they don't give a shit about victim or accused, they do what's best to quiet the situation.
            [deleted]
                Ah yes, well if the accusations go public then of course the situation changes because the company is then pressured to "do the right thing".  If the accusations are investigated internally and nothing is publicized, the sad fact is things seem to get quieted.
oh, thanks for letting me know. I’m new to valorant, idk why I got downvoted but it’s ok!
idk but it’s okay I was just wanting to know who he was
Probably need to better educate people on what is actually rape. Like I know this was rape, you know this was rape, but I'm sure there are a lot of people that don't see this as rape since it's missing the physical violence component many people associate rape with. That's something that needs to be fixed still (even though it is getting better).
    Better sexual education for teenagers would be a start, and stronger guidance for youngsters who get propelled into fame out of nowhere. It's like when we see young sports prospects go off the rails so often in regular sports.
    If this kid needs to learn that someone saying, "No, stop, no" over and over is actually them asking you to, you know, stop, then  we need to seriously question the credibility of every grade school he ever attended. 

There is no explaining this away aside from, "He didn't listen to her and did what he wanted." That's the only explanation.
If none of you think his fame had any impact on his recent actions then I feel sorry for how short sighted you are.
    It’s a shame that so many people are unable to have a civil discussion without compartmentalizing and shutting off. If there is any course of action or process that could be done to mitigate this kind of behavior then it’s worth doing.
        Yeah it is, but Reddit has just turned into every other social media platform. A place for vultures to prey on the fuck ups of society to get their likes/upvotes. Then it’s all forgotten about after a couple weeks and they carry on with their merry little lives until the next human does something despicable so they can ridicule them. Rinse and repeat. Doesn’t help solve the issue but it makes them feel popular because so many people enjoy other peoples failures so they’ll always get approval in the way of likes/upvotes. 

What he done was absolutely terrible, but virtually hanging him does absolutely nothing to prevent the issue again, but then again what would the righteous redditors have to laugh at if people like this young lad didn’t pop up every so often completely self destructing.
It's weird how humans in general need instructions to not do terrible things to be honest
To be fair I think he has a valid point, "absolute power corrupts absolutely" is a pretty true statement. While he didn't have genuinely absolute power but he had fame and prestige of being such a good player in 2 different games. All while making massive amounts of money at a young age. Obviously what he did is fucked, and I don't mean for this to sound like an excuse for him; but maybe he never had something or someone to teach him how to be a good person or morals, and while he was 'on top of the world' he didn't realize what he was doing was as fucked up as it is. This is all hypothetical and I don't want it to sound like I'm trying to make excuses, as I don't watch pro play that much and don't know too much about him.
 I do think a mentoring program would be beneficial in creating role models and instilling values in these players who might need that in their life.

Edit: I say this as someone who never had a real example of how to be a good person or man until I was ~14, the man I met around that time changed my life and how I acted for the significant better. I was lonely, depressed, and very angry at the world. I probably would have been some crazy far right republican if not for him. I'm just trying to express the importance and impact a role model has in a person's life.
No need to bring gender into this, it goes both ways.
People do not need fucking guidance on respecting the word “no” — it’s literally one of the first things people are taught in life — what no and yes mean. Sinatraaa is an adult. He fucking knew better, and still chose to be a rapist.
    But there's an aspect of mental health that you're ignoring by saying that. On some level, he doesn't understand that no means "no,". I'm not saying he's not an awful human being, he is, but you don't seriously believe that this could be something that could have been fixed through therapy or guidance before he got where his now? I just don't have it in me to believe that shitty human beings are shitty human beings from birth and that this couldn't have been avoided.
        [deleted]
            I think the other guy was advocating more more mental health programs/awareness, because no well adjusted person could ever rape another person. I don't think they advocated for lessoning a punishment. I saw it as a "fixing the reason why this happens" but that's a discussion on the human condition that I'm not qualified for.
            I'm not even remotely forgiving him or claiming the crime is less. That's not anywhere in anything I said, at all. I'm saying that we still live in a world where mental health isn't taken seriously enough and this could have been prevented.
        Man, you’re being gross. I didn’t say he was a shitty person from birth. I’m saying he chose to be a shitty person. He has known success and wealth for several years. He has been an abuser after the success and fame. You cannot make me feel bad for a rapist who had plenty of access and money to help if they actually needed or wanted it. 

Stop making excuses for someone who repeatedly chose to rape. It’s disgusting.
            I'm not, and have never said anything to excuse what's he's done, nor am I trying to make you feel bad for him, that's not anywhere in anything I said. 

It's fucked, he's a vile human being, but what if we learn from that and give the next kid the mental health counseling he needs before it gets to this point.
                We have nothing to learn, dude. We all fucking learned as infants to stop whatever we’re doing when someone says no. You can’t rehabilitate people who choose to ignore that. Stop trying to make this some social system failure. It’s not.
                    I don't agree. I think you're assuming that every person in the world is taught by their parents that "no means no" because you were, but some people aren't. Some spoiled rotten kids learn that if you put up a big enough fight, you can get what you want, because it worked with their parents. 

It's fucked, especially on this level, but why the hell would we not try and prevent this in the future if we can by just acknowledging that this is preventable with the right guidance/therapy? 

Edit:

This isn't the first case of this, look at what happened in the Smash scene, and if we don't have a conversation about it, it won't be the last. You called me gross off an assumption, so now I'll make my assumption, I think you're gross because you don't want to stop this from happening to someone else.
                        Id leave it alone brotha, some people dont understand that when kids get to the top of that fame mountain, that the phrase "wow, i can literally do whatever i want, people love me" does enter their minds. I agree that young people need to be guided and reminded that even though you found success early and when you're a star you get babied by your company/org that doesnt tells you "no" that doesnt mean you can go and LITERALLY do whatever you want without consequence,  obviously sinatra is past that point, rape is not something to overlook and shouldnt be forgiven, but the concept you are explaining i agree with and support.

Edit: made some adjustments to clarify
There are hundreds of 17 year old esports pros that haven't raped people. It's not complicated.
    So we just say, "cool, since it's only 1 in every couple hundred, we're good"?
        No, it's more about the person than the position. Anyone with the skills and drive to be a professional gamer is capable of getting a girlfriend and abusing them without being famous.

I don't think we should blame or expect anyone involved in Sinatraa's career to do something differently for this other than Sinatraa himself.
And how did this got public?
johnny depp + amber heard

you can't jump to conclusions because "this time" there seems to be fairly concrete evidence
So are we using the internet as a personal vigilante service? Things as serious as this can really only be solved through the court of law. We have it for a reason and people think that just posting shit on twitter or reddit will do the same exact thing. If anything the real victims that do this really hurt their accusation in court because they say contradictory shit since they're mostly young kids that don't think about that sort of stuff and it will be picked word by word by the accused defense team. Vigilantism is not the same as real justice. This guy is a total, absolute shitbag and absolutely deserves justice, not some random dudes on the internet trying to ruin his life even though he deserves it.
I keep seeing they are only allegations. Legally he is still innocent. This is how the our courts work, homie. I’ll still get downvoted though lol
    She gave video and/or audio proof I think
    Oh noooo not another one who thinks what courts say is equal to the truth. Courts are meant to find the truth. The truth and the court are not one entity. You can discern truth without the courts, and courts can making rulings that are not the truth. Your inability to discern any truth without implicating courts is demonstrative of a larger issue on your side.
        So you know 100% for a fact that those allegations are true?
            Beyond any reasonable doubt. The fact that you asked that question is a joke tho since you brought up the courts, which never know anything 100%. So which is it? You need to know something with 100% certainty for it to be true, or the courts need to rule a certain way for it to be true? Those are two very different things so I don’t see why you accept a court ruling if ur standard is 100% certainty. “True” in this case just Being your belief that it’s true, the actual truth of course doesn’t change.
                It seems like you know something no one else does is my point. All I’m saying is I hope the truth comes out, because in the past it’s gone both ways, but in pretty much every situation, the man ends up on the losing side. 
The legality of things is very important. We cannot just go around “discerning” if someone is guilty or not without proof. Socially, yes society does that, which is morally wrong in my opinion as I’ve stated before. Just like the courts miss something, the general public and especially those with an agenda to prove will find guilt with little to no evidence will more than likely convict incorrectly. This is dangerous.

Excuse the late replies. Reddit has chosen to limit my replies because I probably gave someone’s feelings a booboo.
                    U hopping around moving goalposts bruv. Everything u say is disconnected from the last thing u said. You keep saying ‘I hope the truth comes out’ but it already came out. Besides an admission of guilt from the accused, I’m not sure what else could come to light that could possibly be any more concrete as the ‘truth’ then the screenshots and audio recordings she provided. I hope we can both agree that the truth can be true without an admission of guilt from the accused, so I would ask this: what would you classify as “the truth coming out?” What would need to happen for the truth to have come out in your opinion?
                        Sure I’ll reiterate since you haven’t picked up on it yet: it’s simple, really, but confusing for some, apparently: a legal conviction. In this case, that is truth. I trust the legal system.
                            >I trust the legal system.

Oh look, a comedian.
if you're that gullible then i feel sorry for you

people play things off so good you believe them even if the evidence says otherwise right in front of your face.

you're no better along with the other people that jump to conclusions.
should we support convicted domestic abuser because she's female?  and continue to support her and give her hearts? ->neekolul
Does sentinels have a backup?
    they’re probably rushing to find a free agent player as of now
        KOLER YES
            as a big fan of KOLER i would love this. KOLER is amazing and he's nice af. he really deserves some recognition
                i think it might be dizzy because he is a temporary stand in for SEN.
                    I love dizzy, but I'm not sure he is in the right mindset for this right now. I mean, competing in Masters takes a huge mental toll on a person and dizzy has looked mentally shaky even in pubs when streaming. He's still an insane player and grinds like a crazy, but I'm not exactly sure he is fine enough to compete at that level. I'd love to see him tho
                        Dizzy also said he might go pro in a year or so if thata what he wants to do but for now he doesn't want to
                        thats fair, but I too would love to see him
                        [deleted]
                    Don't do this, Don't give me hope
                [deleted]
                    he's such a nice guy i always enjoy watching his streams. he seems like a humble dude so i wish him the best.
            can't be KOLER since he played in VCT with beastcoast
            KOLER IS CRACKED
        Has dicey gotten picked back up yet or is he not coming back to the pro scene?
    I hope for brax so hard
        Same here brotha, brax would be a saviour for SEN if they subbed him in
            Yeah like i don't get why he wasn't picked up yet. Duded insane
    Nope
        They have dizzy
        What kind of team doesn't have backups that can play? Seems stupid to not have any.
            Idk ur downvotes but ur right
                Yeah, sen fanboys I guess
            Yes i agree. Not having any backups is kinda insane
would love to keep female friends away from any of the dudes replying to the twitter post.
    Just use the block function lol turn the screen off
        I know you're just memeing (tyler? lol) but sadly these males are real people irl.
            Pretty sure they don’t have the balls to say the same things irl like they do online
                That's not what I meant. These are real men, who will one day get a girlfriend and treat them like shit because of those very beliefs.
Twitter is the worst invention ever.  There should be a breathalyzer required before use as well.
    Yep. It's a place where anything that looks like hope for humanity rots away.
    Half the people on Twitter don’t even realize the severity of the situation and are defending this bastard blindly
It is toxic as fuck and I'm glad you quit but if that is your takeaway from this situation you still have work to do.
    My takeaway from the situation is that Sinatraa's behaviour with his ex was disgusting and it was formed the moment I read cloe's doc. I was just referencing the toxic replies to the twiter post. Smh
    Have you seen some of the replies to the sentinels tweet? It’s pretty toxic
i dont think its even possible for him to come out clean no matter what receipts he has. i mean she has *audio evidence* not to mention chat screenshots.

sure he could claim the audio evidence was cnc, but with the text screenshots as well theres no saving him

edit: im seeing a lot of people mentioned the "its kinkplay" angle. thats what i meant by cnc (its a kink and stands for consent to not consent). so im saying that he could easily claim that they had safewords and it was consentual kinkplay, but because she also has text screenshots of her talking to her friends about it and him harassing her the chances of it being kinkplay are even less likely.
    That audio evidence is actually a video, she only posted the audio for obvious reasons.
    Doubt he could have anything against all of the allegations, but for the audio clip in particular, I saw someone mention that one possibility is that that kind of pushy/dominance play was an agreed sexual play between the two, which would actually be a believable angle.

That said, even if it were true, it seems highly unlikely that sinatraa could have any proof of that.
        On top of this, why would she really want to do this? It could be a petty “get back” at someone, but she’s going to be hounded by cunts online for a very long time, *despite* it leaning to be very clearly true. You could have all the evidence in the world proving you were raped, abused emotionally and physically and you’ll still be attacked online. 

She’s got a pretty rough few weeks ahead of her, I hope she is able to block it out as much as she can and move forward now.
        The thing is that she doesn't have proof of that either and tone of her voice is pretty weird. 

I just hope she press charges if there was an actual abuse going on. Ending a career is not enough for a sexual abuser. If she hasn't pressed charges then the story might involve things that we do not know about and  it's right to assume that there might be another side to this. It's not guilty until proven otherwise. 

I was on the "sent him to jail" train yesterday, but my girlfriend is a lawyer, I showed her the twitter thing and she said some things seem fishy and the only concrete evidence that cannot be twisted in any way is that the guy is an insecure asshole ,but that's not a crime at least here in the UK.
    Chats are way easier to fake than audios. I mean I could fake a chat with TenZ if I wanted just have someone pretend to be him
        If you know his discord, you don't even need two people. Just make an alt and use one instance via browser and the other via client.
    [deleted]
    [removed]
        No means yes? Please stop embarrassing yourself 💀💀
            No doesn't mean yes but my point is a baby voiced playful no can be misread as a yes and it's her fault she didn't stand up for herself then but now trying to victimize herself
                Here is a textbook example of victim blaming.

I’d rate 10/10 for sheer ignorance.
                She said no multiple times, just stop.
                    I'm sorry but that no doesn't sound like she's resisting at all
Well let's not forget that Riot themselves has had massive issues with sexism and inequality in these past years.
    Which is a big reason why they’ve been distancing themselves from that image and pushing for equal treatment lately.
holy shit
reasonable reaction
    I think its sad that she endured the abuse for so long. Celebrity status does not give people the right to abuse you.
        Its not just the celebrity status. Victims of abuse often do mental gymnastics to avoid blaming the abuser if they love them. This was clearly the case here, however over time she was no longer able to deny the fact she was in an abusive relationship
Off topic, but I like the username
jailwill depend on if she presses charges and then can build a case against him that will unanimously convict. this is really difficult for non-wealthy people.
    Yeah jail might be a stretch to pull off and I kinda doubt she'll press charges anyway but this should for sure be the end of his pro career, at least for a loooong time.
        it better fucking end his career, you cant rape a girl then keep your job
    The DA is the person who will decide whether or not charges are pressed in criminal procedures, not the person. So it’s out of her hands at this point.
        The chance of the DA pressing charges or ever even finding out about this situation at all or there being any kind of preliminary investigation whatsoever to determine legal action are slim to none if she never even goes to the police.

Especially a year later. The DA will have no reason to even look at this case unless major evidence is presented directly to him by somebody. Even then, it’s already been over a year.
Honest question, not trying to be a smart ass or anything, just uninformed. Does rape not fall under sexual assault legally? Are they different charges?
    I believe they are defined in the law differently yes. Without sounding dismissive of some peoples experiences sexual assault is the "lesser" crime I believe, non-penatrative stuff, but I am not even a resident of the US so I could be wrong.
    The exact definition varies depending on which country you are in but in general rape is a different and more serious charge than sexual assault.
    from my understanding all rape can technically be considered sexual assault/harassment but not all sexual assault/harassment is rape. sexual assault can refer to rape but also towards most kinds of non-consensual sexual acts that are physical (stuff like groping) and sexual harassment includes things that aren't physical like making unwanted sexual comments about somebody. so in this case sexual harassment/assault is an understatement because it would imply that sinatraa's actions were limited to something verbal or non-penetrative when what the victim describes is pretty clear cut rape.
    Just to add to this, In the UK the definition of "rape" can only be committed by a male as it must be penetrative with a penis. Similar actions by a woman would be classed as "assault by penetration", though charged and treated on the same level. 

Just something I learned early in my police career that I found interesting.
on her end, she never said it was rape. she, in her mind, believed it wasn't rape. she even made it clear on the doc towards then end.

`Also, to everyone who says, "Why didn't you go to the police". I thought about it for weeks. I stood outside a police station and stared at it for like 20 minutes, then walked home. I didn't physically fight him. I wasn't scared of him killing me or anyone I loved. I wasn't unconscious. And that's what legally constitutes rape.`

but, it was. i hope she knows that it most definitely was. no means no. just because she didn't fight it, nor was afraid of death, doesn't mean that it wasn't. 

its really sad it see she doesn't believe it herself.
Twitter needs to be removed from the internet. It's just a cess pool of morons.
    So does Reddit. Facebook. Tik tok. Social media is a cancer
    isn't it the same platform that helped the girl come out with her story though?
        Still needs to be removed. The good doesn't outweigh the bad
    bruh someone downvoted this lmao
        They are probably one of the morons that love Twitter
&#x200B;

> I'd rather not call anything a fact unless we have proof 

She says she has the breakup text and I believe her. I could be wrong.  
I mean technically you're right but given the context, I'm inclined to believe her over him.
    Didn’t she say that she broke up over phone call? I’m very confused
    Also playing devil's advocate, the amount of evidence against sin is overwhelming here. If she was able to screencap many other texts why can't she screencap the breakup text if she has it?
        What is the breakup text? It said in the word document that the breakup was over the phone, she mentioned something about being him being on speakerphone with a roommate next to her, it wasn't over text
            She said the breakup was over text & phone
                Yeah she mentioned in the doc that she broke up with him over phone.
            Oh, then no documentation is completely understandable.
    I agree with you, and am leaning on that side! Just playing the devils advocate
People who say "cancel culture is ruining careers" are the same people that get mad when a game company changes their twitter avi to rainbow for a single month out of the year
    except in china
Cancel culture isn’t a thing, you Neanderthal. It is called responsibility for one’s actions, and it has been around for a LONG time.
    I mean cancel culture isn’t “stupid people paying consequences for their actions” it’s “potentially stupid people pay consequences for actions they’re accused of”. An example was that one football player who lost his career for a chick that accused him of rape when it was all false but regardless he lost his career for something he didn’t do. I’m trying to think of an esports example but I started getting into it this year. Point is that there is such thing as cancel culture. It’s been a coined term for a reason.
        Unicorn is a word but they don’t exist. Cancel culture is a right wing dog whistle for “anything I don’t like and have to face the consequences of my actions for.” It is not some cultural phenomenon of wide spread false accusations, that simply doesn’t exist. Wanna know why you can’t think of any others? It’s because you’re extrapolating a single event into some grand conspiracy.
            No one said it was about false accusations reread what I said and who said anything about conspiracy lol? If you want to think of someone saying cancel culture as a conspiracy then be my guest💀. Listen man I’m just calling it how it is. If you’re trying to bring politics into it then do your thing but that’s not my cup of tea, especially on a esports subreddit
    this is stupid as fuck. People were sure as hell ready to cancel johnny depp werent they?
In this case, it isn't. People keep using that buzzword but it lost all meaning. With hard evidence, it's not cancel culture, it's consequence culture.
50% is probably a vast exaggeration, all I can think of the top of my head was the one league player for clg who got fucked over false claims
Man acted like a d-bag on stream and I’m not surprised that he’s one (and *much* worse) off stream too. Good riddance.

This community needs some actual role models not people like him.
    I honestly don't understand how people can describe streamers who are insanely toxic as good role models. This wasn't even debatable before the Cleo post, he is a known prick from Competitive Overwatch.

Who do so many make excuses for bad people?
        And people wonder why it's so difficult for the abused to come out. They're usually making the same excuses and it's hard for them to come to terms with the reality of the situation.
    Hiko, AverageJonas, hell, even Dicey or Asuna, are great inspirations who aren't absolute pricks.
        [deleted]
            yes you are terribly uninformed my friend..I was there in the live stream and am 100% sure he said noob but cut it off at the n- ..and people do what they do best and jumped at the opportunity.
    I think Hiko is a good candidate for that title
Boxer, Daigo, Faker, Scarlett, Shroud.  So many wholesome, mature and extremely talented pros to have as role models, not just in game, but in life.

And we gotta settle on Sinatraa.
    Or people like Grubby
        Totally forgot about Grubby.
    Shoutout to Rapha, one of the best and most respectful FPS players of all-time.  If only Quake were more popular...
    Scarlett from SC2? Does she stream? That sounds like it'd be extremely interesting to watch
    Hey man don't forget step bro Hiko
He wasn't a role model in terms of his personality for me, but instead his level of skill and his accomplishments, plus his story, the way he was revered for his insane dps in OW, his plays in Valorant, etc.
    He was pretty fuckin toxic in ow before he got a serious coach and even afterwards he wasn't exactly mother Teresa.
    Honestly, I hated the way he would act to other people on stream, but I watched him cause I knew he was the best and I wanted to learn, and I see why people don't like him
        I knew he was a douchey child when his team won the first fight in an OWL match and he teabagged everyone lmao... it was literally the first fight of the first map...
            come the hell one. Oh no HE TEABAGGED PEOPLE WHAT A PEACE OF SHIT!!!
            [deleted]
                He said he knew Sinatraa was a "douchey child", not a rapist
    So he wasn’t a role model. He was good at a game.
        Yeah, I see that “role model” isn’t exactly the right term, and I apologize. Maybe more like inspiration? I’m really not sure what to call it, but he was one of the players I used to support and I looked to him if I wanted to get better
You should've seen him as a toxic 16 yo on the overwatch ranked ladder. That shit wasn't even funny and compared to then he's the most reformed streamer you'll ever see.
    He was such an awful person on ladder, seriously. It amazes me he was never punished for it. I had a clip on my old PC from s3 of comp of Sinatraa telling me he’d “stomp my teeth out of my head” if I nanoboosted our Winston next team fight over him. Which made me laugh my ass off that a 16 year old kid who’s known for video games would be so angry and toxic that he’d threaten someone’s personal well-being over a fucking ultimate ability LMAO. Also couldn’t take him seriously as I know he weighs like 130 pounds soaking wet and literally spends 17+ hours a day at a computer. Talk about ego..
        Yeah honestly, the guy would lose a fight to a squirrel lmao
    Yeah its weird seeing the types of fans who flock to personalities like that. I can understand occasionally being toxic or over confidence but when it's 24/7 it's no longer a joke.
THIS. I never understood why he was “looked up to” by literally anyone. I have many experiences (awful ones, at that) of playing in OW pubs with Jay during seasons 1-5 of Competitive Overwatch and I could tell from a very early stage in his career that he himself would be the one to ruin it. The kid has some seriously deep-rooted issues that require rehabilitation, proper-education, and rightfully so; jail time. 

It blows my mind that the generation below me is so captivated by skill in a video game that so many of you overlook massive character-flaws and begin to idolize complete narcissistic, selfish, boarder-line sociopaths which in turn creates an even more terrifying and dangerous individual. I can think of over a half a dozen Valorant streamers who harbor a much more positive, welcoming and wholesome environment then Jay and their skill level is right up there with him. Please stop idolizing scumbags, please stop idolizing figures in the eSport scene as a whole if you’re idolizing them purely for the value they bring to the video game they play. Look past their ability to click a fucking pixel, and try to find something else in them to idolize, because trust me, there are many reasons to look up to or favorite streamers outside of the game. How do they talk to their chat? Do they have a wife or girlfriend, how do they interact with them while their on stream? Etc. thanks for coming to my TED talk
    [deleted]
        Very fucking true and great point there. I find it much more evident and apparent in video game communities though because our interactions are for the most part, centered around video games while other shit like 45, could be pressing on vastly different topics all in the political sphere. In eSports though, you have a game and you have participants; and when this level of degeneracy surfaces it can be a lot more staggering. Most of us all are here for video games after all, so it makes sense for some to idolize their favorite players, I think it’s just being done for the wrong reasons. Much in the same reason for those who support 45.
    I think you have a pretty valid point. Personally, I think it is alright to look up to someone as inspiration, and that as long as you don't worship them and acknowledge their faults, it is alright, but I could be wrong
        No I totally get the sentiment behind it and I surely have my idols in esports too no doubt! And I won’t hold any pretentiousness over that and say my idols are “better” they were just different. I grew up in a video game era where personalities in the pro CS scene like n0thing, pashabiceps, hiko (hey, we all know him!) were getting big and displaying insane skill levels while also exemplifying aspects of being incredible people off of the server, and I think that’s what I should have initially said opposed to “please stop idolizing esports people for their skill alone.” And more-so said it like I did just now. It’s one thing to acknowledge “damn, this dude/girl is INSANE at video games, I wanna play like them” and “I wanna BE them,” because that’s just unhealthy. Everyone deserves the respect for themselves to want to be the best version of just that, themselves..not some one else.
    What deep rooted issues? Explain?
        Dropping out of high school to play video games for a living while making double the salary of what the average American does by age 17 can cause a lot of issues in a person if not handled responsibly, which is pretty evident as being the case for Sinatraa. Clearly there’s been aspects of his life that he has struggled with and he has projected those struggles in heinous ways. Just watch his streams or play in a match with him.. it’s pretty easy to tell he has fuckin’ issues mate. Do I know what they are? Not at all. It could be lots of things. Parenting problems, mental illness left unchecked, etc. a person simply doesn’t become that angry and that toxic and inconsiderate of others well-being without having some deeply-rooted issues that were left to just fester and become worse. Do I blame him? Yes, but not all the way. Somewhere along the way his support systems failed him horribly and now other humans have suffered because of it. Happens every day in this world and it’s truly sad.
            Brax was a pro CS player even younger than him and you never saw anything like the garbage Sinatra was pulling, he’s just a bad person.
because he was funny, and good i guess
The moment when I heard he called people 'virgins' did it for me. Wrote this fella off asap.
Nothing about his personality inspired me, it was his skills and decision making
Claimed.  It needs to go to the police and through the courts.  He needs to be tried over this if he was raping her.  Due process must be done and he must face jail time.

This needs to be done properly.
    A business doesn't need due process to stop doing business with someone. What is so hard to understand about that?   


OJ Simpson was found not guilty of murder in a legal process, are you out there protesting about how CBS won't give him a broadcasting role now? He is not guilty, right? Would you do business with him?
        I don't care about his career or riot's response, I didn't even mention it?

These allegations need to go to the police and through the courts, he needs to be tried.  Everything else is completely arbitrary.

Riot can do w.e the fuck they want, I couldn't give a shit.  This is more serious than any of that bullshit.  Riot are right to remove him from the tournament, and the team to suspend him pending investigation.  My hope is he lawyers up and goes to court, because this needs to be done properly.

If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision.  If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.
            So OJ was found innocent. Should he be allowed back in the broadcasting booth or given a shot in the NFL as a assistant coach?

Innocent beyond a reasonable doubt is a criminal standard. The rest of the word doesn’t operate on a beyond a reasonable doubt standard, and riot can keep him banned regardless of what happens in court if they feel that the information released justifies it.

A small legal technicality can make the audio inadmissible in court, along with the text messages. I fully support getting due process in a criminal trial, but it’s ridiculous to insist that a business has to accept someone who they think is a murderer or a rapist.
            >If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision. If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.

imagine thinking that the legal system defines someone's guilt

use your brain and draw your own conclusion, just as riot will do

sinatraa is a rapist and you don't need a fucking court to tell you that
                I can't do that though? I don't have the information necessary to judge yet? It's highly unlikely I will either.  Sinatra has to present his own evidence and counter/disprove the claims against him yet.  Until he does I can't make an informed decision on anything.  To claim otherwise is folly IMO.

All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

The fact that you've already made up your mind is a little worrying tbf.  It means you're not prepared to view any new information and have accepted one set of evidence as facts without questioning.

This is why these things have to go through the proper due diligence and why it takes a long time.  This is also one of the reasons I don't like public court of opinions.  Because people take things at face value and don't think.

Also the legal system does define guilt.  That's literally why it exists for.

Is it flawed? For sure.
                    >All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations> (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

You are fucked in the head.

The screenshots display a clear pattern of emotional manipulation and abuse. Tracking one's partner and then guilt tripping them IS ABUSE. You are truly fucked up if you read the content of the screenshots and took nothing away from them.

Furthermore, the recording is damning. Listen to it.

I'm sorry but there is very little that can salvage this situation. Unless the recording and screenshots were faked, there is no doubt in my mind that Sinatraa raped and abused his girlfriend. His personality and pattern of tweets do him no favors either.

Finally, I am far more inclined to believe a person in a relationship with such a vast power imbalance. Those in positions of power (ie. rich men) are orders of magnitude more likely to commit sexual abuse.

>Also the legal system does define guilt. That's literally why it exists for.

It does not. It exists to protect the capitalist class and suppress minorities, at least in the United States. It does not exist to establish guilt.
I agree and I never said we shouldn't hear his side of the story. Riot and Sentinels should take action based on hearing both side
Yeah he will need something really compelling though. She has the receipts for sure.
"Na bro people who side with her are virgins SHEESH" Probs what he would say
Sinatra, redshell, xqc, dreamkazper,  moufin, kephri, that's the stuff off of the top of my head, im not going to spend my time researching all the creeps and toxic players there are, but I mean just look at all the controversy there is surround pro players. Also what's with all those specific numbers lmao.
    xqc???
        yes, xqc is toxic
Just want to correct you - he is being accused of rape.

I'm not sure if you didn't read the allegations or what, but I don't want people to read your post and think that the accusation against Sinatra isn't an incredibly serious allegation. Sinatra is not being accused of unwanted sexual touching, exposure, or any of the "lesser" crimes that fall into the sexual assault umbrella - he is being accused of rape.
His teammates will either deny anything has happened (because that is easier for the human mind) or read the stuff and probably just see him as a completely different person, who they might not want to associate with at all.
    Or.....they won't care.
        which is option A
            I think what they meant was that they won’t deny it they just don’t care he did it
                It's a form of denial.
        Even if the individual teammates didn't care, no org would ever have him on their roster.
thats cuz yer dumb
Being a dick and being an abuser aren't exactly the same thing. His teammates dealt with his asshole personality, not anything even close to abuse or sexual assault
    Try to use your brain
Karma doesn't exist. Pretty funny how people use it as an excuse to wish ill on someone else like it makes them a better person lol Santa isnt real either...sry
Obviously there is no story if there nothing worth telling a story about. I clearly know that, and knew that when I made the comment. The effect on his teammates is 0 until it becomes public information though, that's just true
    We’re just going to keep repeating the same arguments. The story needed to come out for this to effect his teammates, yes, but his actions caused him to get suspended so it is his fault, ultimately. His teammates would have every reason to blame him. I guess the reason I’m even responding is because it seems like you’re diverting the blame when it’s all on his actions. No shitty behavior, no story, no suspension.
        Obviously I know this. I knew this when I made the first comment. There can't be an abuse story without the abuse. I was responding to someone who said sinatra put his teammates in a bad situation. Obviously sinatra is responsible for the overall situation. But the situation his team is in is a direct result of this information being made public, not him doing the bad things. He had done the bad things this entire time he's been playing valorant. Its a logical point I was making here. Not diverting blame or assigning moral responsibility for individual parts of the situation
True. I was only saying it's the problem being made public that causes the effect on those around sinatra. Obviously problems can't be made public if there are no problems. A lot of people seem to be interpreting it this way. Probably too hot of a topic to bother making this not very important point
    And I'm just sayinf that it's going to come out eventually and there will never be a good time to lose a crucial member of your team. He basically pulled a pin on a grenade and passed it to every team he's been on since. I really don't want to frame it like it's the girl's fault even though I know that's not your intention.
        If you think it's "going to come out eventually" no matter what then absolutely, it's like pulling a pin on a grenade and just holding onto it. I think this is probably just too hot of a topic to bother arguing a point of so little importance. Was a mistake in my part
            I just think the way you framed it is bad.
I mean his ex girlfriend shared audio clips which pretty clearly show sexual abuse so I think it’s safe to say he did in fact do those things.
    Where?
        https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/m1pwnc/sinatras_ex_speaks_out/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Partially cause new game that I enjoyed, partially  because my friends that aren’t into “hardcore”games like CSGO were into Valorant. The news of Sinatraa moving games was what introduced me to Valorant
    I wish my friends played Valorant too, I don't really enjoy solo Q too much but it's fun to play with friends. The friends I played it with are all back to playing mostly CS. 

But then again, we are in EU where the Valorant hype didn't last as long and where CS is more popular by Valorant pretty clearly. But if we take a look at NA, the CS player numbers are disasterously low, the lowest they have ever been and Valorant is much more popular.
    Do you only play Valorant now?

I personally can not imagine playing only 1 game. I play a ton of different FPS Shooters such as:

* Apex Legends
* Overwatch
* CSGO
* Valorant
* Battlefield 4 and 5
* Rogue Company
        I play any game I really feel like playing, I still play a bit of OW and CS every once in a while, but mostly Valorant
        [removed]
            ayye same games I play
Im not saying he is wrong with his opinion. Im just wondering why would someone like a low quality production toxic streamer. But hey, whatever floats OP's boat.
    Well it depends on the person why they enjoy watching a certain streamer. For me, I watch him to try to learn and because he makes me laugh sometimes. But the situation is just insane. I never thought he would do such things even if hes an dumb and toxic sometimes.
not sexual assault, rape.
    Rape is a form of sexual assault

That's like saying "it's not a car, it's a mustang".
why pick up dicey when there are other great players like derrek or tex? they play sova and tex plays raze. dont get me wrong dicey is great but he doesn't fit sen rn
TenZ is for C9, doubt they would let him play for Sen.
    you can sub in while being signed to another team. technically any player that's not in masters can play for sentinels currently if the org allows it.
        I'm sure they could, but why give an opposing team an awesome player? Seems like bad strats lol
            I mean it could be for TenZ. C9 Blue isn't qualified in Masters anyway so they won't get points either way. However, TenZ competing in a high level tournament can do him good and you know maybe wants to make a comeback from playing those type of games. You can't replicate the feeling of tournaments in pubs.
            I mean, TenZ isn't even a player right now, he's a content creator. While it's kinda dicey(no pun intended) letting you poster child sub into a team like Sentinels, if Sentinels offered good money for a loan and TenZ really wanted to, that could happen, without disrupting the strategy of the C9B team.
        i have a feeling that neither C9 or 100T would allow it... why would you let your players (who are representing your org) play for another team?
            [deleted]
                Doesn't even matter.  Tenz has a contract for C9.  No way is there a clause that says "If we don't make an event you can play as a standin for another org"
We don't know what his contract is like OR how open minded 100T management is. I think loaning out Dicey for free for masters would be a MASSIVE pr move, I don't think 100T would be dumb enough to block it.
    “Lets just lend a guy who knows all our strats to our opponents in a major tournament” LOL
        I mean their comp has completely changed and Dicey isn't practicing with them anymore, who knows how useful he'd really be
            Even then dicey would know their tendencies/how they like to play even on an individual basis and could use it against them there’s no way they crutch themselves like that
                But so will Sentinels anyways, no? They've played tourney games and scrims, they know everyone's roles and how they play already
I'm pretty sure they are letting him explore other opportunities.
    Just to confirm, Dicey himself said he was scrimming for a new team M,T, and today.
Hiko said he is free to explore options, hes just "benched".
Outside of police departments, these virtually always end with the accused employee getting fired/scapegoated. He's not unionized. He's not some important owner/majority shareholder. Don't kid yourself and say that  "we investigated ourselves and ultimately found nothing wrong" is a classic/easy line for this situation. And remember "we" = the company, not the employee. It would actually be very, very rare and unusual considering the circumstances not to fire the employee if they found significant wrongdoing.

source: Am lawyer who has actually been tasked with internal investigations of companies accused of wrongdoing. These internal investigations are always "find the easiest employee scapegoat to pin it on and fire".
    > these virtually always end with the accused employee getting fired/scapegoated.

Source?  Are you in a different country?  Do you work for a company with a classy HR team?

I have multiple close friends who have been sexually abused at work and it has resulted in investigations that have gone no where.  HR is there to protect the company, and shoving things under the rug or forcing the victim out is sometimes the best way to protect the company.  At the end of the day, they don't give a shit about victim or accused, they do what's best to quiet the situation.
        [deleted]
            Ah yes, well if the accusations go public then of course the situation changes because the company is then pressured to "do the right thing".  If the accusations are investigated internally and nothing is publicized, the sad fact is things seem to get quieted.
Better sexual education for teenagers would be a start, and stronger guidance for youngsters who get propelled into fame out of nowhere. It's like when we see young sports prospects go off the rails so often in regular sports.
If this kid needs to learn that someone saying, "No, stop, no" over and over is actually them asking you to, you know, stop, then  we need to seriously question the credibility of every grade school he ever attended. 

There is no explaining this away aside from, "He didn't listen to her and did what he wanted." That's the only explanation.
It’s a shame that so many people are unable to have a civil discussion without compartmentalizing and shutting off. If there is any course of action or process that could be done to mitigate this kind of behavior then it’s worth doing.
    Yeah it is, but Reddit has just turned into every other social media platform. A place for vultures to prey on the fuck ups of society to get their likes/upvotes. Then it’s all forgotten about after a couple weeks and they carry on with their merry little lives until the next human does something despicable so they can ridicule them. Rinse and repeat. Doesn’t help solve the issue but it makes them feel popular because so many people enjoy other peoples failures so they’ll always get approval in the way of likes/upvotes. 

What he done was absolutely terrible, but virtually hanging him does absolutely nothing to prevent the issue again, but then again what would the righteous redditors have to laugh at if people like this young lad didn’t pop up every so often completely self destructing.
But there's an aspect of mental health that you're ignoring by saying that. On some level, he doesn't understand that no means "no,". I'm not saying he's not an awful human being, he is, but you don't seriously believe that this could be something that could have been fixed through therapy or guidance before he got where his now? I just don't have it in me to believe that shitty human beings are shitty human beings from birth and that this couldn't have been avoided.
    [deleted]
        I think the other guy was advocating more more mental health programs/awareness, because no well adjusted person could ever rape another person. I don't think they advocated for lessoning a punishment. I saw it as a "fixing the reason why this happens" but that's a discussion on the human condition that I'm not qualified for.
        I'm not even remotely forgiving him or claiming the crime is less. That's not anywhere in anything I said, at all. I'm saying that we still live in a world where mental health isn't taken seriously enough and this could have been prevented.
    Man, you’re being gross. I didn’t say he was a shitty person from birth. I’m saying he chose to be a shitty person. He has known success and wealth for several years. He has been an abuser after the success and fame. You cannot make me feel bad for a rapist who had plenty of access and money to help if they actually needed or wanted it. 

Stop making excuses for someone who repeatedly chose to rape. It’s disgusting.
        I'm not, and have never said anything to excuse what's he's done, nor am I trying to make you feel bad for him, that's not anywhere in anything I said. 

It's fucked, he's a vile human being, but what if we learn from that and give the next kid the mental health counseling he needs before it gets to this point.
            We have nothing to learn, dude. We all fucking learned as infants to stop whatever we’re doing when someone says no. You can’t rehabilitate people who choose to ignore that. Stop trying to make this some social system failure. It’s not.
                I don't agree. I think you're assuming that every person in the world is taught by their parents that "no means no" because you were, but some people aren't. Some spoiled rotten kids learn that if you put up a big enough fight, you can get what you want, because it worked with their parents. 

It's fucked, especially on this level, but why the hell would we not try and prevent this in the future if we can by just acknowledging that this is preventable with the right guidance/therapy? 

Edit:

This isn't the first case of this, look at what happened in the Smash scene, and if we don't have a conversation about it, it won't be the last. You called me gross off an assumption, so now I'll make my assumption, I think you're gross because you don't want to stop this from happening to someone else.
                    Id leave it alone brotha, some people dont understand that when kids get to the top of that fame mountain, that the phrase "wow, i can literally do whatever i want, people love me" does enter their minds. I agree that young people need to be guided and reminded that even though you found success early and when you're a star you get babied by your company/org that doesnt tells you "no" that doesnt mean you can go and LITERALLY do whatever you want without consequence,  obviously sinatra is past that point, rape is not something to overlook and shouldnt be forgiven, but the concept you are explaining i agree with and support.

Edit: made some adjustments to clarify
So we just say, "cool, since it's only 1 in every couple hundred, we're good"?
    No, it's more about the person than the position. Anyone with the skills and drive to be a professional gamer is capable of getting a girlfriend and abusing them without being famous.

I don't think we should blame or expect anyone involved in Sinatraa's career to do something differently for this other than Sinatraa himself.
She gave video and/or audio proof I think
Oh noooo not another one who thinks what courts say is equal to the truth. Courts are meant to find the truth. The truth and the court are not one entity. You can discern truth without the courts, and courts can making rulings that are not the truth. Your inability to discern any truth without implicating courts is demonstrative of a larger issue on your side.
    So you know 100% for a fact that those allegations are true?
        Beyond any reasonable doubt. The fact that you asked that question is a joke tho since you brought up the courts, which never know anything 100%. So which is it? You need to know something with 100% certainty for it to be true, or the courts need to rule a certain way for it to be true? Those are two very different things so I don’t see why you accept a court ruling if ur standard is 100% certainty. “True” in this case just Being your belief that it’s true, the actual truth of course doesn’t change.
            It seems like you know something no one else does is my point. All I’m saying is I hope the truth comes out, because in the past it’s gone both ways, but in pretty much every situation, the man ends up on the losing side. 
The legality of things is very important. We cannot just go around “discerning” if someone is guilty or not without proof. Socially, yes society does that, which is morally wrong in my opinion as I’ve stated before. Just like the courts miss something, the general public and especially those with an agenda to prove will find guilt with little to no evidence will more than likely convict incorrectly. This is dangerous.

Excuse the late replies. Reddit has chosen to limit my replies because I probably gave someone’s feelings a booboo.
                U hopping around moving goalposts bruv. Everything u say is disconnected from the last thing u said. You keep saying ‘I hope the truth comes out’ but it already came out. Besides an admission of guilt from the accused, I’m not sure what else could come to light that could possibly be any more concrete as the ‘truth’ then the screenshots and audio recordings she provided. I hope we can both agree that the truth can be true without an admission of guilt from the accused, so I would ask this: what would you classify as “the truth coming out?” What would need to happen for the truth to have come out in your opinion?
                    Sure I’ll reiterate since you haven’t picked up on it yet: it’s simple, really, but confusing for some, apparently: a legal conviction. In this case, that is truth. I trust the legal system.
                        >I trust the legal system.

Oh look, a comedian.
they’re probably rushing to find a free agent player as of now
    KOLER YES
        as a big fan of KOLER i would love this. KOLER is amazing and he's nice af. he really deserves some recognition
            i think it might be dizzy because he is a temporary stand in for SEN.
                I love dizzy, but I'm not sure he is in the right mindset for this right now. I mean, competing in Masters takes a huge mental toll on a person and dizzy has looked mentally shaky even in pubs when streaming. He's still an insane player and grinds like a crazy, but I'm not exactly sure he is fine enough to compete at that level. I'd love to see him tho
                    Dizzy also said he might go pro in a year or so if thata what he wants to do but for now he doesn't want to
                    thats fair, but I too would love to see him
                    [deleted]
                Don't do this, Don't give me hope
            [deleted]
                he's such a nice guy i always enjoy watching his streams. he seems like a humble dude so i wish him the best.
        can't be KOLER since he played in VCT with beastcoast
        KOLER IS CRACKED
    Has dicey gotten picked back up yet or is he not coming back to the pro scene?
I hope for brax so hard
    Same here brotha, brax would be a saviour for SEN if they subbed him in
        Yeah like i don't get why he wasn't picked up yet. Duded insane
Nope
    They have dizzy
    What kind of team doesn't have backups that can play? Seems stupid to not have any.
        Idk ur downvotes but ur right
            Yeah, sen fanboys I guess
        Yes i agree. Not having any backups is kinda insane
Just use the block function lol turn the screen off
    I know you're just memeing (tyler? lol) but sadly these males are real people irl.
        Pretty sure they don’t have the balls to say the same things irl like they do online
            That's not what I meant. These are real men, who will one day get a girlfriend and treat them like shit because of those very beliefs.
Yep. It's a place where anything that looks like hope for humanity rots away.
Half the people on Twitter don’t even realize the severity of the situation and are defending this bastard blindly
My takeaway from the situation is that Sinatraa's behaviour with his ex was disgusting and it was formed the moment I read cloe's doc. I was just referencing the toxic replies to the twiter post. Smh
Have you seen some of the replies to the sentinels tweet? It’s pretty toxic
That audio evidence is actually a video, she only posted the audio for obvious reasons.
Doubt he could have anything against all of the allegations, but for the audio clip in particular, I saw someone mention that one possibility is that that kind of pushy/dominance play was an agreed sexual play between the two, which would actually be a believable angle.

That said, even if it were true, it seems highly unlikely that sinatraa could have any proof of that.
    On top of this, why would she really want to do this? It could be a petty “get back” at someone, but she’s going to be hounded by cunts online for a very long time, *despite* it leaning to be very clearly true. You could have all the evidence in the world proving you were raped, abused emotionally and physically and you’ll still be attacked online. 

She’s got a pretty rough few weeks ahead of her, I hope she is able to block it out as much as she can and move forward now.
    The thing is that she doesn't have proof of that either and tone of her voice is pretty weird. 

I just hope she press charges if there was an actual abuse going on. Ending a career is not enough for a sexual abuser. If she hasn't pressed charges then the story might involve things that we do not know about and  it's right to assume that there might be another side to this. It's not guilty until proven otherwise. 

I was on the "sent him to jail" train yesterday, but my girlfriend is a lawyer, I showed her the twitter thing and she said some things seem fishy and the only concrete evidence that cannot be twisted in any way is that the guy is an insecure asshole ,but that's not a crime at least here in the UK.
Chats are way easier to fake than audios. I mean I could fake a chat with TenZ if I wanted just have someone pretend to be him
    If you know his discord, you don't even need two people. Just make an alt and use one instance via browser and the other via client.
[deleted]
[removed]
    No means yes? Please stop embarrassing yourself 💀💀
        No doesn't mean yes but my point is a baby voiced playful no can be misread as a yes and it's her fault she didn't stand up for herself then but now trying to victimize herself
            Here is a textbook example of victim blaming.

I’d rate 10/10 for sheer ignorance.
            She said no multiple times, just stop.
                I'm sorry but that no doesn't sound like she's resisting at all
Which is a big reason why they’ve been distancing themselves from that image and pushing for equal treatment lately.
I think its sad that she endured the abuse for so long. Celebrity status does not give people the right to abuse you.
    Its not just the celebrity status. Victims of abuse often do mental gymnastics to avoid blaming the abuser if they love them. This was clearly the case here, however over time she was no longer able to deny the fact she was in an abusive relationship
Yeah jail might be a stretch to pull off and I kinda doubt she'll press charges anyway but this should for sure be the end of his pro career, at least for a loooong time.
    it better fucking end his career, you cant rape a girl then keep your job
The DA is the person who will decide whether or not charges are pressed in criminal procedures, not the person. So it’s out of her hands at this point.
    The chance of the DA pressing charges or ever even finding out about this situation at all or there being any kind of preliminary investigation whatsoever to determine legal action are slim to none if she never even goes to the police.

Especially a year later. The DA will have no reason to even look at this case unless major evidence is presented directly to him by somebody. Even then, it’s already been over a year.
I believe they are defined in the law differently yes. Without sounding dismissive of some peoples experiences sexual assault is the "lesser" crime I believe, non-penatrative stuff, but I am not even a resident of the US so I could be wrong.
The exact definition varies depending on which country you are in but in general rape is a different and more serious charge than sexual assault.
from my understanding all rape can technically be considered sexual assault/harassment but not all sexual assault/harassment is rape. sexual assault can refer to rape but also towards most kinds of non-consensual sexual acts that are physical (stuff like groping) and sexual harassment includes things that aren't physical like making unwanted sexual comments about somebody. so in this case sexual harassment/assault is an understatement because it would imply that sinatraa's actions were limited to something verbal or non-penetrative when what the victim describes is pretty clear cut rape.
Just to add to this, In the UK the definition of "rape" can only be committed by a male as it must be penetrative with a penis. Similar actions by a woman would be classed as "assault by penetration", though charged and treated on the same level. 

Just something I learned early in my police career that I found interesting.
So does Reddit. Facebook. Tik tok. Social media is a cancer
isn't it the same platform that helped the girl come out with her story though?
    Still needs to be removed. The good doesn't outweigh the bad
bruh someone downvoted this lmao
    They are probably one of the morons that love Twitter
Didn’t she say that she broke up over phone call? I’m very confused
Also playing devil's advocate, the amount of evidence against sin is overwhelming here. If she was able to screencap many other texts why can't she screencap the breakup text if she has it?
    What is the breakup text? It said in the word document that the breakup was over the phone, she mentioned something about being him being on speakerphone with a roommate next to her, it wasn't over text
        She said the breakup was over text & phone
            Yeah she mentioned in the doc that she broke up with him over phone.
        Oh, then no documentation is completely understandable.
I agree with you, and am leaning on that side! Just playing the devils advocate
except in china
I mean cancel culture isn’t “stupid people paying consequences for their actions” it’s “potentially stupid people pay consequences for actions they’re accused of”. An example was that one football player who lost his career for a chick that accused him of rape when it was all false but regardless he lost his career for something he didn’t do. I’m trying to think of an esports example but I started getting into it this year. Point is that there is such thing as cancel culture. It’s been a coined term for a reason.
    Unicorn is a word but they don’t exist. Cancel culture is a right wing dog whistle for “anything I don’t like and have to face the consequences of my actions for.” It is not some cultural phenomenon of wide spread false accusations, that simply doesn’t exist. Wanna know why you can’t think of any others? It’s because you’re extrapolating a single event into some grand conspiracy.
        No one said it was about false accusations reread what I said and who said anything about conspiracy lol? If you want to think of someone saying cancel culture as a conspiracy then be my guest💀. Listen man I’m just calling it how it is. If you’re trying to bring politics into it then do your thing but that’s not my cup of tea, especially on a esports subreddit
this is stupid as fuck. People were sure as hell ready to cancel johnny depp werent they?
I honestly don't understand how people can describe streamers who are insanely toxic as good role models. This wasn't even debatable before the Cleo post, he is a known prick from Competitive Overwatch.

Who do so many make excuses for bad people?
    And people wonder why it's so difficult for the abused to come out. They're usually making the same excuses and it's hard for them to come to terms with the reality of the situation.
Hiko, AverageJonas, hell, even Dicey or Asuna, are great inspirations who aren't absolute pricks.
    [deleted]
        yes you are terribly uninformed my friend..I was there in the live stream and am 100% sure he said noob but cut it off at the n- ..and people do what they do best and jumped at the opportunity.
I think Hiko is a good candidate for that title
Or people like Grubby
    Totally forgot about Grubby.
Shoutout to Rapha, one of the best and most respectful FPS players of all-time.  If only Quake were more popular...
Scarlett from SC2? Does she stream? That sounds like it'd be extremely interesting to watch
Hey man don't forget step bro Hiko
He was pretty fuckin toxic in ow before he got a serious coach and even afterwards he wasn't exactly mother Teresa.
Honestly, I hated the way he would act to other people on stream, but I watched him cause I knew he was the best and I wanted to learn, and I see why people don't like him
    I knew he was a douchey child when his team won the first fight in an OWL match and he teabagged everyone lmao... it was literally the first fight of the first map...
        come the hell one. Oh no HE TEABAGGED PEOPLE WHAT A PEACE OF SHIT!!!
        [deleted]
            He said he knew Sinatraa was a "douchey child", not a rapist
So he wasn’t a role model. He was good at a game.
    Yeah, I see that “role model” isn’t exactly the right term, and I apologize. Maybe more like inspiration? I’m really not sure what to call it, but he was one of the players I used to support and I looked to him if I wanted to get better
He was such an awful person on ladder, seriously. It amazes me he was never punished for it. I had a clip on my old PC from s3 of comp of Sinatraa telling me he’d “stomp my teeth out of my head” if I nanoboosted our Winston next team fight over him. Which made me laugh my ass off that a 16 year old kid who’s known for video games would be so angry and toxic that he’d threaten someone’s personal well-being over a fucking ultimate ability LMAO. Also couldn’t take him seriously as I know he weighs like 130 pounds soaking wet and literally spends 17+ hours a day at a computer. Talk about ego..
    Yeah honestly, the guy would lose a fight to a squirrel lmao
Yeah its weird seeing the types of fans who flock to personalities like that. I can understand occasionally being toxic or over confidence but when it's 24/7 it's no longer a joke.
[deleted]
    Very fucking true and great point there. I find it much more evident and apparent in video game communities though because our interactions are for the most part, centered around video games while other shit like 45, could be pressing on vastly different topics all in the political sphere. In eSports though, you have a game and you have participants; and when this level of degeneracy surfaces it can be a lot more staggering. Most of us all are here for video games after all, so it makes sense for some to idolize their favorite players, I think it’s just being done for the wrong reasons. Much in the same reason for those who support 45.
I think you have a pretty valid point. Personally, I think it is alright to look up to someone as inspiration, and that as long as you don't worship them and acknowledge their faults, it is alright, but I could be wrong
    No I totally get the sentiment behind it and I surely have my idols in esports too no doubt! And I won’t hold any pretentiousness over that and say my idols are “better” they were just different. I grew up in a video game era where personalities in the pro CS scene like n0thing, pashabiceps, hiko (hey, we all know him!) were getting big and displaying insane skill levels while also exemplifying aspects of being incredible people off of the server, and I think that’s what I should have initially said opposed to “please stop idolizing esports people for their skill alone.” And more-so said it like I did just now. It’s one thing to acknowledge “damn, this dude/girl is INSANE at video games, I wanna play like them” and “I wanna BE them,” because that’s just unhealthy. Everyone deserves the respect for themselves to want to be the best version of just that, themselves..not some one else.
What deep rooted issues? Explain?
    Dropping out of high school to play video games for a living while making double the salary of what the average American does by age 17 can cause a lot of issues in a person if not handled responsibly, which is pretty evident as being the case for Sinatraa. Clearly there’s been aspects of his life that he has struggled with and he has projected those struggles in heinous ways. Just watch his streams or play in a match with him.. it’s pretty easy to tell he has fuckin’ issues mate. Do I know what they are? Not at all. It could be lots of things. Parenting problems, mental illness left unchecked, etc. a person simply doesn’t become that angry and that toxic and inconsiderate of others well-being without having some deeply-rooted issues that were left to just fester and become worse. Do I blame him? Yes, but not all the way. Somewhere along the way his support systems failed him horribly and now other humans have suffered because of it. Happens every day in this world and it’s truly sad.
        Brax was a pro CS player even younger than him and you never saw anything like the garbage Sinatra was pulling, he’s just a bad person.
A business doesn't need due process to stop doing business with someone. What is so hard to understand about that?   


OJ Simpson was found not guilty of murder in a legal process, are you out there protesting about how CBS won't give him a broadcasting role now? He is not guilty, right? Would you do business with him?
    I don't care about his career or riot's response, I didn't even mention it?

These allegations need to go to the police and through the courts, he needs to be tried.  Everything else is completely arbitrary.

Riot can do w.e the fuck they want, I couldn't give a shit.  This is more serious than any of that bullshit.  Riot are right to remove him from the tournament, and the team to suspend him pending investigation.  My hope is he lawyers up and goes to court, because this needs to be done properly.

If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision.  If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.
        So OJ was found innocent. Should he be allowed back in the broadcasting booth or given a shot in the NFL as a assistant coach?

Innocent beyond a reasonable doubt is a criminal standard. The rest of the word doesn’t operate on a beyond a reasonable doubt standard, and riot can keep him banned regardless of what happens in court if they feel that the information released justifies it.

A small legal technicality can make the audio inadmissible in court, along with the text messages. I fully support getting due process in a criminal trial, but it’s ridiculous to insist that a business has to accept someone who they think is a murderer or a rapist.
        >If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision. If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.

imagine thinking that the legal system defines someone's guilt

use your brain and draw your own conclusion, just as riot will do

sinatraa is a rapist and you don't need a fucking court to tell you that
            I can't do that though? I don't have the information necessary to judge yet? It's highly unlikely I will either.  Sinatra has to present his own evidence and counter/disprove the claims against him yet.  Until he does I can't make an informed decision on anything.  To claim otherwise is folly IMO.

All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

The fact that you've already made up your mind is a little worrying tbf.  It means you're not prepared to view any new information and have accepted one set of evidence as facts without questioning.

This is why these things have to go through the proper due diligence and why it takes a long time.  This is also one of the reasons I don't like public court of opinions.  Because people take things at face value and don't think.

Also the legal system does define guilt.  That's literally why it exists for.

Is it flawed? For sure.
                >All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations> (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

You are fucked in the head.

The screenshots display a clear pattern of emotional manipulation and abuse. Tracking one's partner and then guilt tripping them IS ABUSE. You are truly fucked up if you read the content of the screenshots and took nothing away from them.

Furthermore, the recording is damning. Listen to it.

I'm sorry but there is very little that can salvage this situation. Unless the recording and screenshots were faked, there is no doubt in my mind that Sinatraa raped and abused his girlfriend. His personality and pattern of tweets do him no favors either.

Finally, I am far more inclined to believe a person in a relationship with such a vast power imbalance. Those in positions of power (ie. rich men) are orders of magnitude more likely to commit sexual abuse.

>Also the legal system does define guilt. That's literally why it exists for.

It does not. It exists to protect the capitalist class and suppress minorities, at least in the United States. It does not exist to establish guilt.
xqc???
    yes, xqc is toxic
Or.....they won't care.
    which is option A
        I think what they meant was that they won’t deny it they just don’t care he did it
            It's a form of denial.
    Even if the individual teammates didn't care, no org would ever have him on their roster.
Try to use your brain
We’re just going to keep repeating the same arguments. The story needed to come out for this to effect his teammates, yes, but his actions caused him to get suspended so it is his fault, ultimately. His teammates would have every reason to blame him. I guess the reason I’m even responding is because it seems like you’re diverting the blame when it’s all on his actions. No shitty behavior, no story, no suspension.
    Obviously I know this. I knew this when I made the first comment. There can't be an abuse story without the abuse. I was responding to someone who said sinatra put his teammates in a bad situation. Obviously sinatra is responsible for the overall situation. But the situation his team is in is a direct result of this information being made public, not him doing the bad things. He had done the bad things this entire time he's been playing valorant. Its a logical point I was making here. Not diverting blame or assigning moral responsibility for individual parts of the situation
And I'm just sayinf that it's going to come out eventually and there will never be a good time to lose a crucial member of your team. He basically pulled a pin on a grenade and passed it to every team he's been on since. I really don't want to frame it like it's the girl's fault even though I know that's not your intention.
    If you think it's "going to come out eventually" no matter what then absolutely, it's like pulling a pin on a grenade and just holding onto it. I think this is probably just too hot of a topic to bother arguing a point of so little importance. Was a mistake in my part
        I just think the way you framed it is bad.
Where?
    https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/m1pwnc/sinatras_ex_speaks_out/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
I wish my friends played Valorant too, I don't really enjoy solo Q too much but it's fun to play with friends. The friends I played it with are all back to playing mostly CS. 

But then again, we are in EU where the Valorant hype didn't last as long and where CS is more popular by Valorant pretty clearly. But if we take a look at NA, the CS player numbers are disasterously low, the lowest they have ever been and Valorant is much more popular.
Do you only play Valorant now?

I personally can not imagine playing only 1 game. I play a ton of different FPS Shooters such as:

* Apex Legends
* Overwatch
* CSGO
* Valorant
* Battlefield 4 and 5
* Rogue Company
    I play any game I really feel like playing, I still play a bit of OW and CS every once in a while, but mostly Valorant
    [removed]
        ayye same games I play
Well it depends on the person why they enjoy watching a certain streamer. For me, I watch him to try to learn and because he makes me laugh sometimes. But the situation is just insane. I never thought he would do such things even if hes an dumb and toxic sometimes.
Rape is a form of sexual assault

That's like saying "it's not a car, it's a mustang".
you can sub in while being signed to another team. technically any player that's not in masters can play for sentinels currently if the org allows it.
    I'm sure they could, but why give an opposing team an awesome player? Seems like bad strats lol
        I mean it could be for TenZ. C9 Blue isn't qualified in Masters anyway so they won't get points either way. However, TenZ competing in a high level tournament can do him good and you know maybe wants to make a comeback from playing those type of games. You can't replicate the feeling of tournaments in pubs.
        I mean, TenZ isn't even a player right now, he's a content creator. While it's kinda dicey(no pun intended) letting you poster child sub into a team like Sentinels, if Sentinels offered good money for a loan and TenZ really wanted to, that could happen, without disrupting the strategy of the C9B team.
    i have a feeling that neither C9 or 100T would allow it... why would you let your players (who are representing your org) play for another team?
        [deleted]
            Doesn't even matter.  Tenz has a contract for C9.  No way is there a clause that says "If we don't make an event you can play as a standin for another org"
“Lets just lend a guy who knows all our strats to our opponents in a major tournament” LOL
    I mean their comp has completely changed and Dicey isn't practicing with them anymore, who knows how useful he'd really be
        Even then dicey would know their tendencies/how they like to play even on an individual basis and could use it against them there’s no way they crutch themselves like that
            But so will Sentinels anyways, no? They've played tourney games and scrims, they know everyone's roles and how they play already
Just to confirm, Dicey himself said he was scrimming for a new team M,T, and today.
> these virtually always end with the accused employee getting fired/scapegoated.

Source?  Are you in a different country?  Do you work for a company with a classy HR team?

I have multiple close friends who have been sexually abused at work and it has resulted in investigations that have gone no where.  HR is there to protect the company, and shoving things under the rug or forcing the victim out is sometimes the best way to protect the company.  At the end of the day, they don't give a shit about victim or accused, they do what's best to quiet the situation.
    [deleted]
        Ah yes, well if the accusations go public then of course the situation changes because the company is then pressured to "do the right thing".  If the accusations are investigated internally and nothing is publicized, the sad fact is things seem to get quieted.
Yeah it is, but Reddit has just turned into every other social media platform. A place for vultures to prey on the fuck ups of society to get their likes/upvotes. Then it’s all forgotten about after a couple weeks and they carry on with their merry little lives until the next human does something despicable so they can ridicule them. Rinse and repeat. Doesn’t help solve the issue but it makes them feel popular because so many people enjoy other peoples failures so they’ll always get approval in the way of likes/upvotes. 

What he done was absolutely terrible, but virtually hanging him does absolutely nothing to prevent the issue again, but then again what would the righteous redditors have to laugh at if people like this young lad didn’t pop up every so often completely self destructing.
[deleted]
    I think the other guy was advocating more more mental health programs/awareness, because no well adjusted person could ever rape another person. I don't think they advocated for lessoning a punishment. I saw it as a "fixing the reason why this happens" but that's a discussion on the human condition that I'm not qualified for.
    I'm not even remotely forgiving him or claiming the crime is less. That's not anywhere in anything I said, at all. I'm saying that we still live in a world where mental health isn't taken seriously enough and this could have been prevented.
Man, you’re being gross. I didn’t say he was a shitty person from birth. I’m saying he chose to be a shitty person. He has known success and wealth for several years. He has been an abuser after the success and fame. You cannot make me feel bad for a rapist who had plenty of access and money to help if they actually needed or wanted it. 

Stop making excuses for someone who repeatedly chose to rape. It’s disgusting.
    I'm not, and have never said anything to excuse what's he's done, nor am I trying to make you feel bad for him, that's not anywhere in anything I said. 

It's fucked, he's a vile human being, but what if we learn from that and give the next kid the mental health counseling he needs before it gets to this point.
        We have nothing to learn, dude. We all fucking learned as infants to stop whatever we’re doing when someone says no. You can’t rehabilitate people who choose to ignore that. Stop trying to make this some social system failure. It’s not.
            I don't agree. I think you're assuming that every person in the world is taught by their parents that "no means no" because you were, but some people aren't. Some spoiled rotten kids learn that if you put up a big enough fight, you can get what you want, because it worked with their parents. 

It's fucked, especially on this level, but why the hell would we not try and prevent this in the future if we can by just acknowledging that this is preventable with the right guidance/therapy? 

Edit:

This isn't the first case of this, look at what happened in the Smash scene, and if we don't have a conversation about it, it won't be the last. You called me gross off an assumption, so now I'll make my assumption, I think you're gross because you don't want to stop this from happening to someone else.
                Id leave it alone brotha, some people dont understand that when kids get to the top of that fame mountain, that the phrase "wow, i can literally do whatever i want, people love me" does enter their minds. I agree that young people need to be guided and reminded that even though you found success early and when you're a star you get babied by your company/org that doesnt tells you "no" that doesnt mean you can go and LITERALLY do whatever you want without consequence,  obviously sinatra is past that point, rape is not something to overlook and shouldnt be forgiven, but the concept you are explaining i agree with and support.

Edit: made some adjustments to clarify
No, it's more about the person than the position. Anyone with the skills and drive to be a professional gamer is capable of getting a girlfriend and abusing them without being famous.

I don't think we should blame or expect anyone involved in Sinatraa's career to do something differently for this other than Sinatraa himself.
So you know 100% for a fact that those allegations are true?
    Beyond any reasonable doubt. The fact that you asked that question is a joke tho since you brought up the courts, which never know anything 100%. So which is it? You need to know something with 100% certainty for it to be true, or the courts need to rule a certain way for it to be true? Those are two very different things so I don’t see why you accept a court ruling if ur standard is 100% certainty. “True” in this case just Being your belief that it’s true, the actual truth of course doesn’t change.
        It seems like you know something no one else does is my point. All I’m saying is I hope the truth comes out, because in the past it’s gone both ways, but in pretty much every situation, the man ends up on the losing side. 
The legality of things is very important. We cannot just go around “discerning” if someone is guilty or not without proof. Socially, yes society does that, which is morally wrong in my opinion as I’ve stated before. Just like the courts miss something, the general public and especially those with an agenda to prove will find guilt with little to no evidence will more than likely convict incorrectly. This is dangerous.

Excuse the late replies. Reddit has chosen to limit my replies because I probably gave someone’s feelings a booboo.
            U hopping around moving goalposts bruv. Everything u say is disconnected from the last thing u said. You keep saying ‘I hope the truth comes out’ but it already came out. Besides an admission of guilt from the accused, I’m not sure what else could come to light that could possibly be any more concrete as the ‘truth’ then the screenshots and audio recordings she provided. I hope we can both agree that the truth can be true without an admission of guilt from the accused, so I would ask this: what would you classify as “the truth coming out?” What would need to happen for the truth to have come out in your opinion?
                Sure I’ll reiterate since you haven’t picked up on it yet: it’s simple, really, but confusing for some, apparently: a legal conviction. In this case, that is truth. I trust the legal system.
                    >I trust the legal system.

Oh look, a comedian.
KOLER YES
    as a big fan of KOLER i would love this. KOLER is amazing and he's nice af. he really deserves some recognition
        i think it might be dizzy because he is a temporary stand in for SEN.
            I love dizzy, but I'm not sure he is in the right mindset for this right now. I mean, competing in Masters takes a huge mental toll on a person and dizzy has looked mentally shaky even in pubs when streaming. He's still an insane player and grinds like a crazy, but I'm not exactly sure he is fine enough to compete at that level. I'd love to see him tho
                Dizzy also said he might go pro in a year or so if thata what he wants to do but for now he doesn't want to
                thats fair, but I too would love to see him
                [deleted]
            Don't do this, Don't give me hope
        [deleted]
            he's such a nice guy i always enjoy watching his streams. he seems like a humble dude so i wish him the best.
    can't be KOLER since he played in VCT with beastcoast
    KOLER IS CRACKED
Has dicey gotten picked back up yet or is he not coming back to the pro scene?
Same here brotha, brax would be a saviour for SEN if they subbed him in
    Yeah like i don't get why he wasn't picked up yet. Duded insane
They have dizzy
What kind of team doesn't have backups that can play? Seems stupid to not have any.
    Idk ur downvotes but ur right
        Yeah, sen fanboys I guess
    Yes i agree. Not having any backups is kinda insane
I know you're just memeing (tyler? lol) but sadly these males are real people irl.
    Pretty sure they don’t have the balls to say the same things irl like they do online
        That's not what I meant. These are real men, who will one day get a girlfriend and treat them like shit because of those very beliefs.
On top of this, why would she really want to do this? It could be a petty “get back” at someone, but she’s going to be hounded by cunts online for a very long time, *despite* it leaning to be very clearly true. You could have all the evidence in the world proving you were raped, abused emotionally and physically and you’ll still be attacked online. 

She’s got a pretty rough few weeks ahead of her, I hope she is able to block it out as much as she can and move forward now.
The thing is that she doesn't have proof of that either and tone of her voice is pretty weird. 

I just hope she press charges if there was an actual abuse going on. Ending a career is not enough for a sexual abuser. If she hasn't pressed charges then the story might involve things that we do not know about and  it's right to assume that there might be another side to this. It's not guilty until proven otherwise. 

I was on the "sent him to jail" train yesterday, but my girlfriend is a lawyer, I showed her the twitter thing and she said some things seem fishy and the only concrete evidence that cannot be twisted in any way is that the guy is an insecure asshole ,but that's not a crime at least here in the UK.
If you know his discord, you don't even need two people. Just make an alt and use one instance via browser and the other via client.
No means yes? Please stop embarrassing yourself 💀💀
    No doesn't mean yes but my point is a baby voiced playful no can be misread as a yes and it's her fault she didn't stand up for herself then but now trying to victimize herself
        Here is a textbook example of victim blaming.

I’d rate 10/10 for sheer ignorance.
        She said no multiple times, just stop.
            I'm sorry but that no doesn't sound like she's resisting at all
Its not just the celebrity status. Victims of abuse often do mental gymnastics to avoid blaming the abuser if they love them. This was clearly the case here, however over time she was no longer able to deny the fact she was in an abusive relationship
it better fucking end his career, you cant rape a girl then keep your job
The chance of the DA pressing charges or ever even finding out about this situation at all or there being any kind of preliminary investigation whatsoever to determine legal action are slim to none if she never even goes to the police.

Especially a year later. The DA will have no reason to even look at this case unless major evidence is presented directly to him by somebody. Even then, it’s already been over a year.
Still needs to be removed. The good doesn't outweigh the bad
They are probably one of the morons that love Twitter
What is the breakup text? It said in the word document that the breakup was over the phone, she mentioned something about being him being on speakerphone with a roommate next to her, it wasn't over text
    She said the breakup was over text & phone
        Yeah she mentioned in the doc that she broke up with him over phone.
    Oh, then no documentation is completely understandable.
Unicorn is a word but they don’t exist. Cancel culture is a right wing dog whistle for “anything I don’t like and have to face the consequences of my actions for.” It is not some cultural phenomenon of wide spread false accusations, that simply doesn’t exist. Wanna know why you can’t think of any others? It’s because you’re extrapolating a single event into some grand conspiracy.
    No one said it was about false accusations reread what I said and who said anything about conspiracy lol? If you want to think of someone saying cancel culture as a conspiracy then be my guest💀. Listen man I’m just calling it how it is. If you’re trying to bring politics into it then do your thing but that’s not my cup of tea, especially on a esports subreddit
And people wonder why it's so difficult for the abused to come out. They're usually making the same excuses and it's hard for them to come to terms with the reality of the situation.
[deleted]
    yes you are terribly uninformed my friend..I was there in the live stream and am 100% sure he said noob but cut it off at the n- ..and people do what they do best and jumped at the opportunity.
Totally forgot about Grubby.
I knew he was a douchey child when his team won the first fight in an OWL match and he teabagged everyone lmao... it was literally the first fight of the first map...
    come the hell one. Oh no HE TEABAGGED PEOPLE WHAT A PEACE OF SHIT!!!
    [deleted]
        He said he knew Sinatraa was a "douchey child", not a rapist
Yeah, I see that “role model” isn’t exactly the right term, and I apologize. Maybe more like inspiration? I’m really not sure what to call it, but he was one of the players I used to support and I looked to him if I wanted to get better
Yeah honestly, the guy would lose a fight to a squirrel lmao
Very fucking true and great point there. I find it much more evident and apparent in video game communities though because our interactions are for the most part, centered around video games while other shit like 45, could be pressing on vastly different topics all in the political sphere. In eSports though, you have a game and you have participants; and when this level of degeneracy surfaces it can be a lot more staggering. Most of us all are here for video games after all, so it makes sense for some to idolize their favorite players, I think it’s just being done for the wrong reasons. Much in the same reason for those who support 45.
No I totally get the sentiment behind it and I surely have my idols in esports too no doubt! And I won’t hold any pretentiousness over that and say my idols are “better” they were just different. I grew up in a video game era where personalities in the pro CS scene like n0thing, pashabiceps, hiko (hey, we all know him!) were getting big and displaying insane skill levels while also exemplifying aspects of being incredible people off of the server, and I think that’s what I should have initially said opposed to “please stop idolizing esports people for their skill alone.” And more-so said it like I did just now. It’s one thing to acknowledge “damn, this dude/girl is INSANE at video games, I wanna play like them” and “I wanna BE them,” because that’s just unhealthy. Everyone deserves the respect for themselves to want to be the best version of just that, themselves..not some one else.
Dropping out of high school to play video games for a living while making double the salary of what the average American does by age 17 can cause a lot of issues in a person if not handled responsibly, which is pretty evident as being the case for Sinatraa. Clearly there’s been aspects of his life that he has struggled with and he has projected those struggles in heinous ways. Just watch his streams or play in a match with him.. it’s pretty easy to tell he has fuckin’ issues mate. Do I know what they are? Not at all. It could be lots of things. Parenting problems, mental illness left unchecked, etc. a person simply doesn’t become that angry and that toxic and inconsiderate of others well-being without having some deeply-rooted issues that were left to just fester and become worse. Do I blame him? Yes, but not all the way. Somewhere along the way his support systems failed him horribly and now other humans have suffered because of it. Happens every day in this world and it’s truly sad.
    Brax was a pro CS player even younger than him and you never saw anything like the garbage Sinatra was pulling, he’s just a bad person.
I don't care about his career or riot's response, I didn't even mention it?

These allegations need to go to the police and through the courts, he needs to be tried.  Everything else is completely arbitrary.

Riot can do w.e the fuck they want, I couldn't give a shit.  This is more serious than any of that bullshit.  Riot are right to remove him from the tournament, and the team to suspend him pending investigation.  My hope is he lawyers up and goes to court, because this needs to be done properly.

If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision.  If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.
    So OJ was found innocent. Should he be allowed back in the broadcasting booth or given a shot in the NFL as a assistant coach?

Innocent beyond a reasonable doubt is a criminal standard. The rest of the word doesn’t operate on a beyond a reasonable doubt standard, and riot can keep him banned regardless of what happens in court if they feel that the information released justifies it.

A small legal technicality can make the audio inadmissible in court, along with the text messages. I fully support getting due process in a criminal trial, but it’s ridiculous to insist that a business has to accept someone who they think is a murderer or a rapist.
    >If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision. If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.

imagine thinking that the legal system defines someone's guilt

use your brain and draw your own conclusion, just as riot will do

sinatraa is a rapist and you don't need a fucking court to tell you that
        I can't do that though? I don't have the information necessary to judge yet? It's highly unlikely I will either.  Sinatra has to present his own evidence and counter/disprove the claims against him yet.  Until he does I can't make an informed decision on anything.  To claim otherwise is folly IMO.

All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

The fact that you've already made up your mind is a little worrying tbf.  It means you're not prepared to view any new information and have accepted one set of evidence as facts without questioning.

This is why these things have to go through the proper due diligence and why it takes a long time.  This is also one of the reasons I don't like public court of opinions.  Because people take things at face value and don't think.

Also the legal system does define guilt.  That's literally why it exists for.

Is it flawed? For sure.
            >All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations> (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

You are fucked in the head.

The screenshots display a clear pattern of emotional manipulation and abuse. Tracking one's partner and then guilt tripping them IS ABUSE. You are truly fucked up if you read the content of the screenshots and took nothing away from them.

Furthermore, the recording is damning. Listen to it.

I'm sorry but there is very little that can salvage this situation. Unless the recording and screenshots were faked, there is no doubt in my mind that Sinatraa raped and abused his girlfriend. His personality and pattern of tweets do him no favors either.

Finally, I am far more inclined to believe a person in a relationship with such a vast power imbalance. Those in positions of power (ie. rich men) are orders of magnitude more likely to commit sexual abuse.

>Also the legal system does define guilt. That's literally why it exists for.

It does not. It exists to protect the capitalist class and suppress minorities, at least in the United States. It does not exist to establish guilt.
yes, xqc is toxic
which is option A
    I think what they meant was that they won’t deny it they just don’t care he did it
        It's a form of denial.
Even if the individual teammates didn't care, no org would ever have him on their roster.
Obviously I know this. I knew this when I made the first comment. There can't be an abuse story without the abuse. I was responding to someone who said sinatra put his teammates in a bad situation. Obviously sinatra is responsible for the overall situation. But the situation his team is in is a direct result of this information being made public, not him doing the bad things. He had done the bad things this entire time he's been playing valorant. Its a logical point I was making here. Not diverting blame or assigning moral responsibility for individual parts of the situation
If you think it's "going to come out eventually" no matter what then absolutely, it's like pulling a pin on a grenade and just holding onto it. I think this is probably just too hot of a topic to bother arguing a point of so little importance. Was a mistake in my part
    I just think the way you framed it is bad.
https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/m1pwnc/sinatras_ex_speaks_out/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
I play any game I really feel like playing, I still play a bit of OW and CS every once in a while, but mostly Valorant
[removed]
    ayye same games I play
I'm sure they could, but why give an opposing team an awesome player? Seems like bad strats lol
    I mean it could be for TenZ. C9 Blue isn't qualified in Masters anyway so they won't get points either way. However, TenZ competing in a high level tournament can do him good and you know maybe wants to make a comeback from playing those type of games. You can't replicate the feeling of tournaments in pubs.
    I mean, TenZ isn't even a player right now, he's a content creator. While it's kinda dicey(no pun intended) letting you poster child sub into a team like Sentinels, if Sentinels offered good money for a loan and TenZ really wanted to, that could happen, without disrupting the strategy of the C9B team.
i have a feeling that neither C9 or 100T would allow it... why would you let your players (who are representing your org) play for another team?
    [deleted]
        Doesn't even matter.  Tenz has a contract for C9.  No way is there a clause that says "If we don't make an event you can play as a standin for another org"
I mean their comp has completely changed and Dicey isn't practicing with them anymore, who knows how useful he'd really be
    Even then dicey would know their tendencies/how they like to play even on an individual basis and could use it against them there’s no way they crutch themselves like that
        But so will Sentinels anyways, no? They've played tourney games and scrims, they know everyone's roles and how they play already
[deleted]
    Ah yes, well if the accusations go public then of course the situation changes because the company is then pressured to "do the right thing".  If the accusations are investigated internally and nothing is publicized, the sad fact is things seem to get quieted.
I think the other guy was advocating more more mental health programs/awareness, because no well adjusted person could ever rape another person. I don't think they advocated for lessoning a punishment. I saw it as a "fixing the reason why this happens" but that's a discussion on the human condition that I'm not qualified for.
I'm not even remotely forgiving him or claiming the crime is less. That's not anywhere in anything I said, at all. I'm saying that we still live in a world where mental health isn't taken seriously enough and this could have been prevented.
I'm not, and have never said anything to excuse what's he's done, nor am I trying to make you feel bad for him, that's not anywhere in anything I said. 

It's fucked, he's a vile human being, but what if we learn from that and give the next kid the mental health counseling he needs before it gets to this point.
    We have nothing to learn, dude. We all fucking learned as infants to stop whatever we’re doing when someone says no. You can’t rehabilitate people who choose to ignore that. Stop trying to make this some social system failure. It’s not.
        I don't agree. I think you're assuming that every person in the world is taught by their parents that "no means no" because you were, but some people aren't. Some spoiled rotten kids learn that if you put up a big enough fight, you can get what you want, because it worked with their parents. 

It's fucked, especially on this level, but why the hell would we not try and prevent this in the future if we can by just acknowledging that this is preventable with the right guidance/therapy? 

Edit:

This isn't the first case of this, look at what happened in the Smash scene, and if we don't have a conversation about it, it won't be the last. You called me gross off an assumption, so now I'll make my assumption, I think you're gross because you don't want to stop this from happening to someone else.
            Id leave it alone brotha, some people dont understand that when kids get to the top of that fame mountain, that the phrase "wow, i can literally do whatever i want, people love me" does enter their minds. I agree that young people need to be guided and reminded that even though you found success early and when you're a star you get babied by your company/org that doesnt tells you "no" that doesnt mean you can go and LITERALLY do whatever you want without consequence,  obviously sinatra is past that point, rape is not something to overlook and shouldnt be forgiven, but the concept you are explaining i agree with and support.

Edit: made some adjustments to clarify
Beyond any reasonable doubt. The fact that you asked that question is a joke tho since you brought up the courts, which never know anything 100%. So which is it? You need to know something with 100% certainty for it to be true, or the courts need to rule a certain way for it to be true? Those are two very different things so I don’t see why you accept a court ruling if ur standard is 100% certainty. “True” in this case just Being your belief that it’s true, the actual truth of course doesn’t change.
    It seems like you know something no one else does is my point. All I’m saying is I hope the truth comes out, because in the past it’s gone both ways, but in pretty much every situation, the man ends up on the losing side. 
The legality of things is very important. We cannot just go around “discerning” if someone is guilty or not without proof. Socially, yes society does that, which is morally wrong in my opinion as I’ve stated before. Just like the courts miss something, the general public and especially those with an agenda to prove will find guilt with little to no evidence will more than likely convict incorrectly. This is dangerous.

Excuse the late replies. Reddit has chosen to limit my replies because I probably gave someone’s feelings a booboo.
        U hopping around moving goalposts bruv. Everything u say is disconnected from the last thing u said. You keep saying ‘I hope the truth comes out’ but it already came out. Besides an admission of guilt from the accused, I’m not sure what else could come to light that could possibly be any more concrete as the ‘truth’ then the screenshots and audio recordings she provided. I hope we can both agree that the truth can be true without an admission of guilt from the accused, so I would ask this: what would you classify as “the truth coming out?” What would need to happen for the truth to have come out in your opinion?
            Sure I’ll reiterate since you haven’t picked up on it yet: it’s simple, really, but confusing for some, apparently: a legal conviction. In this case, that is truth. I trust the legal system.
                >I trust the legal system.

Oh look, a comedian.
as a big fan of KOLER i would love this. KOLER is amazing and he's nice af. he really deserves some recognition
    i think it might be dizzy because he is a temporary stand in for SEN.
        I love dizzy, but I'm not sure he is in the right mindset for this right now. I mean, competing in Masters takes a huge mental toll on a person and dizzy has looked mentally shaky even in pubs when streaming. He's still an insane player and grinds like a crazy, but I'm not exactly sure he is fine enough to compete at that level. I'd love to see him tho
            Dizzy also said he might go pro in a year or so if thata what he wants to do but for now he doesn't want to
            thats fair, but I too would love to see him
            [deleted]
        Don't do this, Don't give me hope
    [deleted]
        he's such a nice guy i always enjoy watching his streams. he seems like a humble dude so i wish him the best.
can't be KOLER since he played in VCT with beastcoast
KOLER IS CRACKED
Yeah like i don't get why he wasn't picked up yet. Duded insane
Idk ur downvotes but ur right
    Yeah, sen fanboys I guess
Yes i agree. Not having any backups is kinda insane
Pretty sure they don’t have the balls to say the same things irl like they do online
    That's not what I meant. These are real men, who will one day get a girlfriend and treat them like shit because of those very beliefs.
No doesn't mean yes but my point is a baby voiced playful no can be misread as a yes and it's her fault she didn't stand up for herself then but now trying to victimize herself
    Here is a textbook example of victim blaming.

I’d rate 10/10 for sheer ignorance.
    She said no multiple times, just stop.
        I'm sorry but that no doesn't sound like she's resisting at all
She said the breakup was over text & phone
    Yeah she mentioned in the doc that she broke up with him over phone.
Oh, then no documentation is completely understandable.
No one said it was about false accusations reread what I said and who said anything about conspiracy lol? If you want to think of someone saying cancel culture as a conspiracy then be my guest💀. Listen man I’m just calling it how it is. If you’re trying to bring politics into it then do your thing but that’s not my cup of tea, especially on a esports subreddit
yes you are terribly uninformed my friend..I was there in the live stream and am 100% sure he said noob but cut it off at the n- ..and people do what they do best and jumped at the opportunity.
come the hell one. Oh no HE TEABAGGED PEOPLE WHAT A PEACE OF SHIT!!!
[deleted]
    He said he knew Sinatraa was a "douchey child", not a rapist
Brax was a pro CS player even younger than him and you never saw anything like the garbage Sinatra was pulling, he’s just a bad person.
So OJ was found innocent. Should he be allowed back in the broadcasting booth or given a shot in the NFL as a assistant coach?

Innocent beyond a reasonable doubt is a criminal standard. The rest of the word doesn’t operate on a beyond a reasonable doubt standard, and riot can keep him banned regardless of what happens in court if they feel that the information released justifies it.

A small legal technicality can make the audio inadmissible in court, along with the text messages. I fully support getting due process in a criminal trial, but it’s ridiculous to insist that a business has to accept someone who they think is a murderer or a rapist.
>If he's found innocent, then Riot needs to reverse the decision. If he's found guilty, then he needs to go to jail for a long time.

imagine thinking that the legal system defines someone's guilt

use your brain and draw your own conclusion, just as riot will do

sinatraa is a rapist and you don't need a fucking court to tell you that
    I can't do that though? I don't have the information necessary to judge yet? It's highly unlikely I will either.  Sinatra has to present his own evidence and counter/disprove the claims against him yet.  Until he does I can't make an informed decision on anything.  To claim otherwise is folly IMO.

All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

The fact that you've already made up your mind is a little worrying tbf.  It means you're not prepared to view any new information and have accepted one set of evidence as facts without questioning.

This is why these things have to go through the proper due diligence and why it takes a long time.  This is also one of the reasons I don't like public court of opinions.  Because people take things at face value and don't think.

Also the legal system does define guilt.  That's literally why it exists for.

Is it flawed? For sure.
        >All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations> (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

You are fucked in the head.

The screenshots display a clear pattern of emotional manipulation and abuse. Tracking one's partner and then guilt tripping them IS ABUSE. You are truly fucked up if you read the content of the screenshots and took nothing away from them.

Furthermore, the recording is damning. Listen to it.

I'm sorry but there is very little that can salvage this situation. Unless the recording and screenshots were faked, there is no doubt in my mind that Sinatraa raped and abused his girlfriend. His personality and pattern of tweets do him no favors either.

Finally, I am far more inclined to believe a person in a relationship with such a vast power imbalance. Those in positions of power (ie. rich men) are orders of magnitude more likely to commit sexual abuse.

>Also the legal system does define guilt. That's literally why it exists for.

It does not. It exists to protect the capitalist class and suppress minorities, at least in the United States. It does not exist to establish guilt.
I think what they meant was that they won’t deny it they just don’t care he did it
    It's a form of denial.
I just think the way you framed it is bad.
ayye same games I play
I mean it could be for TenZ. C9 Blue isn't qualified in Masters anyway so they won't get points either way. However, TenZ competing in a high level tournament can do him good and you know maybe wants to make a comeback from playing those type of games. You can't replicate the feeling of tournaments in pubs.
I mean, TenZ isn't even a player right now, he's a content creator. While it's kinda dicey(no pun intended) letting you poster child sub into a team like Sentinels, if Sentinels offered good money for a loan and TenZ really wanted to, that could happen, without disrupting the strategy of the C9B team.
[deleted]
    Doesn't even matter.  Tenz has a contract for C9.  No way is there a clause that says "If we don't make an event you can play as a standin for another org"
Even then dicey would know their tendencies/how they like to play even on an individual basis and could use it against them there’s no way they crutch themselves like that
    But so will Sentinels anyways, no? They've played tourney games and scrims, they know everyone's roles and how they play already
Ah yes, well if the accusations go public then of course the situation changes because the company is then pressured to "do the right thing".  If the accusations are investigated internally and nothing is publicized, the sad fact is things seem to get quieted.
We have nothing to learn, dude. We all fucking learned as infants to stop whatever we’re doing when someone says no. You can’t rehabilitate people who choose to ignore that. Stop trying to make this some social system failure. It’s not.
    I don't agree. I think you're assuming that every person in the world is taught by their parents that "no means no" because you were, but some people aren't. Some spoiled rotten kids learn that if you put up a big enough fight, you can get what you want, because it worked with their parents. 

It's fucked, especially on this level, but why the hell would we not try and prevent this in the future if we can by just acknowledging that this is preventable with the right guidance/therapy? 

Edit:

This isn't the first case of this, look at what happened in the Smash scene, and if we don't have a conversation about it, it won't be the last. You called me gross off an assumption, so now I'll make my assumption, I think you're gross because you don't want to stop this from happening to someone else.
        Id leave it alone brotha, some people dont understand that when kids get to the top of that fame mountain, that the phrase "wow, i can literally do whatever i want, people love me" does enter their minds. I agree that young people need to be guided and reminded that even though you found success early and when you're a star you get babied by your company/org that doesnt tells you "no" that doesnt mean you can go and LITERALLY do whatever you want without consequence,  obviously sinatra is past that point, rape is not something to overlook and shouldnt be forgiven, but the concept you are explaining i agree with and support.

Edit: made some adjustments to clarify
It seems like you know something no one else does is my point. All I’m saying is I hope the truth comes out, because in the past it’s gone both ways, but in pretty much every situation, the man ends up on the losing side. 
The legality of things is very important. We cannot just go around “discerning” if someone is guilty or not without proof. Socially, yes society does that, which is morally wrong in my opinion as I’ve stated before. Just like the courts miss something, the general public and especially those with an agenda to prove will find guilt with little to no evidence will more than likely convict incorrectly. This is dangerous.

Excuse the late replies. Reddit has chosen to limit my replies because I probably gave someone’s feelings a booboo.
    U hopping around moving goalposts bruv. Everything u say is disconnected from the last thing u said. You keep saying ‘I hope the truth comes out’ but it already came out. Besides an admission of guilt from the accused, I’m not sure what else could come to light that could possibly be any more concrete as the ‘truth’ then the screenshots and audio recordings she provided. I hope we can both agree that the truth can be true without an admission of guilt from the accused, so I would ask this: what would you classify as “the truth coming out?” What would need to happen for the truth to have come out in your opinion?
        Sure I’ll reiterate since you haven’t picked up on it yet: it’s simple, really, but confusing for some, apparently: a legal conviction. In this case, that is truth. I trust the legal system.
            >I trust the legal system.

Oh look, a comedian.
i think it might be dizzy because he is a temporary stand in for SEN.
    I love dizzy, but I'm not sure he is in the right mindset for this right now. I mean, competing in Masters takes a huge mental toll on a person and dizzy has looked mentally shaky even in pubs when streaming. He's still an insane player and grinds like a crazy, but I'm not exactly sure he is fine enough to compete at that level. I'd love to see him tho
        Dizzy also said he might go pro in a year or so if thata what he wants to do but for now he doesn't want to
        thats fair, but I too would love to see him
        [deleted]
    Don't do this, Don't give me hope
[deleted]
    he's such a nice guy i always enjoy watching his streams. he seems like a humble dude so i wish him the best.
Yeah, sen fanboys I guess
That's not what I meant. These are real men, who will one day get a girlfriend and treat them like shit because of those very beliefs.
Here is a textbook example of victim blaming.

I’d rate 10/10 for sheer ignorance.
She said no multiple times, just stop.
    I'm sorry but that no doesn't sound like she's resisting at all
Yeah she mentioned in the doc that she broke up with him over phone.
He said he knew Sinatraa was a "douchey child", not a rapist
I can't do that though? I don't have the information necessary to judge yet? It's highly unlikely I will either.  Sinatra has to present his own evidence and counter/disprove the claims against him yet.  Until he does I can't make an informed decision on anything.  To claim otherwise is folly IMO.

All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

The fact that you've already made up your mind is a little worrying tbf.  It means you're not prepared to view any new information and have accepted one set of evidence as facts without questioning.

This is why these things have to go through the proper due diligence and why it takes a long time.  This is also one of the reasons I don't like public court of opinions.  Because people take things at face value and don't think.

Also the legal system does define guilt.  That's literally why it exists for.

Is it flawed? For sure.
    >All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations> (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

You are fucked in the head.

The screenshots display a clear pattern of emotional manipulation and abuse. Tracking one's partner and then guilt tripping them IS ABUSE. You are truly fucked up if you read the content of the screenshots and took nothing away from them.

Furthermore, the recording is damning. Listen to it.

I'm sorry but there is very little that can salvage this situation. Unless the recording and screenshots were faked, there is no doubt in my mind that Sinatraa raped and abused his girlfriend. His personality and pattern of tweets do him no favors either.

Finally, I am far more inclined to believe a person in a relationship with such a vast power imbalance. Those in positions of power (ie. rich men) are orders of magnitude more likely to commit sexual abuse.

>Also the legal system does define guilt. That's literally why it exists for.

It does not. It exists to protect the capitalist class and suppress minorities, at least in the United States. It does not exist to establish guilt.
It's a form of denial.
Doesn't even matter.  Tenz has a contract for C9.  No way is there a clause that says "If we don't make an event you can play as a standin for another org"
But so will Sentinels anyways, no? They've played tourney games and scrims, they know everyone's roles and how they play already
I don't agree. I think you're assuming that every person in the world is taught by their parents that "no means no" because you were, but some people aren't. Some spoiled rotten kids learn that if you put up a big enough fight, you can get what you want, because it worked with their parents. 

It's fucked, especially on this level, but why the hell would we not try and prevent this in the future if we can by just acknowledging that this is preventable with the right guidance/therapy? 

Edit:

This isn't the first case of this, look at what happened in the Smash scene, and if we don't have a conversation about it, it won't be the last. You called me gross off an assumption, so now I'll make my assumption, I think you're gross because you don't want to stop this from happening to someone else.
    Id leave it alone brotha, some people dont understand that when kids get to the top of that fame mountain, that the phrase "wow, i can literally do whatever i want, people love me" does enter their minds. I agree that young people need to be guided and reminded that even though you found success early and when you're a star you get babied by your company/org that doesnt tells you "no" that doesnt mean you can go and LITERALLY do whatever you want without consequence,  obviously sinatra is past that point, rape is not something to overlook and shouldnt be forgiven, but the concept you are explaining i agree with and support.

Edit: made some adjustments to clarify
U hopping around moving goalposts bruv. Everything u say is disconnected from the last thing u said. You keep saying ‘I hope the truth comes out’ but it already came out. Besides an admission of guilt from the accused, I’m not sure what else could come to light that could possibly be any more concrete as the ‘truth’ then the screenshots and audio recordings she provided. I hope we can both agree that the truth can be true without an admission of guilt from the accused, so I would ask this: what would you classify as “the truth coming out?” What would need to happen for the truth to have come out in your opinion?
    Sure I’ll reiterate since you haven’t picked up on it yet: it’s simple, really, but confusing for some, apparently: a legal conviction. In this case, that is truth. I trust the legal system.
        >I trust the legal system.

Oh look, a comedian.
I love dizzy, but I'm not sure he is in the right mindset for this right now. I mean, competing in Masters takes a huge mental toll on a person and dizzy has looked mentally shaky even in pubs when streaming. He's still an insane player and grinds like a crazy, but I'm not exactly sure he is fine enough to compete at that level. I'd love to see him tho
    Dizzy also said he might go pro in a year or so if thata what he wants to do but for now he doesn't want to
    thats fair, but I too would love to see him
    [deleted]
Don't do this, Don't give me hope
he's such a nice guy i always enjoy watching his streams. he seems like a humble dude so i wish him the best.
I'm sorry but that no doesn't sound like she's resisting at all
>All I know is what one person has claimed with screenshots of conversations> (which don't show any abuse and have to be proven to be unaltered by a forensic expert) and a potential recording (that I've not heard).

You are fucked in the head.

The screenshots display a clear pattern of emotional manipulation and abuse. Tracking one's partner and then guilt tripping them IS ABUSE. You are truly fucked up if you read the content of the screenshots and took nothing away from them.

Furthermore, the recording is damning. Listen to it.

I'm sorry but there is very little that can salvage this situation. Unless the recording and screenshots were faked, there is no doubt in my mind that Sinatraa raped and abused his girlfriend. His personality and pattern of tweets do him no favors either.

Finally, I am far more inclined to believe a person in a relationship with such a vast power imbalance. Those in positions of power (ie. rich men) are orders of magnitude more likely to commit sexual abuse.

>Also the legal system does define guilt. That's literally why it exists for.

It does not. It exists to protect the capitalist class and suppress minorities, at least in the United States. It does not exist to establish guilt.
Id leave it alone brotha, some people dont understand that when kids get to the top of that fame mountain, that the phrase "wow, i can literally do whatever i want, people love me" does enter their minds. I agree that young people need to be guided and reminded that even though you found success early and when you're a star you get babied by your company/org that doesnt tells you "no" that doesnt mean you can go and LITERALLY do whatever you want without consequence,  obviously sinatra is past that point, rape is not something to overlook and shouldnt be forgiven, but the concept you are explaining i agree with and support.

Edit: made some adjustments to clarify
Sure I’ll reiterate since you haven’t picked up on it yet: it’s simple, really, but confusing for some, apparently: a legal conviction. In this case, that is truth. I trust the legal system.
    >I trust the legal system.

Oh look, a comedian.
Dizzy also said he might go pro in a year or so if thata what he wants to do but for now he doesn't want to
thats fair, but I too would love to see him
[deleted]
>I trust the legal system.

Oh look, a comedian.
