[[Unpopular Opinion Teams games are a core part of the randomness and chaos that makes the game great.]]


I get that people don't want to have game modes where winning is somewhat out of their control. But this isn't CS:GO. I'm here for chaos and damn if egg scramble isn't peak video game chaos.


[deleted]
    This.

I don't know how many times I have played Fall Ball and have been on the team with 1 less player than the other team.

Fall Ball should not be able to be an option when there is an odd amount of players left
        That's not a guarantee though. We've won two games as the underdog on fall ball now.
            Depends on the numbers. 4v5 fall ball should not happen imho.
                4v5 fallball is easy if you're good
                    Ok Ronaldinho. 4v5 is usually the most uneven matchup just because 3 on offense on 2 balls is not enough, and you can't have 4 on offence as 1 small mistake is a free goal.

It's not impossible to win, but it's not a fun matchup.
                    If you think starting of with an instant disadvantage is good you are dumb.
                        I didn't say it's good I just said it's easy to overcome. Same thing as a good rocket league player can carry an afk teammate. Obviously the skill cap isn't as high in fall ball but if you can do every kickoff correctly, as well as play well, you'll win more frequently than you lose, even with 4v5.
            I've only won once on fall ball on the team with the lower numbers, out of around ten games, and almost won every game where I'm on the team with more. It either shouldnt be an option, or there should be an ai bean included
            Same. I would rather be on the smaller fall ball team than play some of the other team games where your own performance has so little effect on the outcome.
        This. We had 13 players coming to fall ball. I know it was gonna be 7 to 6 and i was hoping i'd be at the 7 one.

I was wrong. But we made a lucky 2 goals lead and then somehow scored another y and won by 8-1. I swear to god we had this awesome dude who stayed back and was like a super goalie making countless of save.
            if this was like 3-4 days ago, I scored 6 of those 8.  Other team couldnt grasp jump diving the bottom of the ball pops it up over their head.
            Was that earlier today? Because I had a 7 v 6 this morning where the blue team with 6 won exactly 8-1 and I wonder if it was the same game
                It was roughly around 11 hours ago and yes it was the blue team that won! After the fall ball in the end the 6 of us were put into tail tag thing and i lost despite getting the chance to hold the tail with 40 seconds left
                    The 11 hours ago definitely lines up but I can't remember if the round I'm talking about went into Fall Mountain or the tail tag thing. This is going to bother me all night lol
            Woah wait a second, were you in a match where there was a golden egg as the ball? I think my friend was in your match, I was spectating him and his team scored once, and the other side scored 8, with one of the balls being a golden egg.
                If you go more than 3 goals down it tends to throw in the golden egg.

Source: I suck at fall ball, golden eggs pretty much every game and American footballs, even got a rugby ball once
        I know how many times this has happened to you. About half. That's how many.
        There shouldn’t be *ANY* team game where one team has more players than another. Absolute laziness that they included it in the game. It’s my biggest peeve about the game tho, so once it’s fixed the game is mostly perfect.
            Laziness is definitely the wrong word. They clearly have the ability to filter out rounds based on player count and avoid team games if the split would be grossly out of line. They more than likely didn't see a major issue with slightly uneven teams. I understand why they would allow uneven teams in a game like this, though I hope they tighten up the team variance.
                There's definitely a major issue in a 5v4 game of Fall Ball. Some of the games with higher player count aren't as big a deal.
                [deleted]
                    What about games w/ 3 teams
            It seems like pretty easy coding fix to, isn't it? Can't you just do a Do-While loop?

While number of players is odd, choose randomly between X mini games.

Seems like reallyyyy lazy coding that it wasn't included. That's Computer Science 101 type coding.
                think it's less about lazy coding and more about not thinking that uneven teams are a problem.

personally i don't find it a problem as the nature of the games makes it easily winable even with 1 less perosn, but some people are waaaaaay to competetive for their own good and like to throw blame on everyone but themselves.
                    I'd argue the nature of SOME of the games make it winnable with one less player, mainly Fall Ball and Rock n Roll. Tail Grab's unfairness is slightly offset by the fact that there's 4 teams but that game has its own problems. Hoarders and Egg Scramble are hell as the team with less players.
        I've been on the team with less players exactly 2 times. Every other time the teams were even or I was on the "better" team. I win about 60% of even games, 50% on advantage, and so for 0% on disadvantage.
    I think the ring is fine. The one I hate is the grab the tail one because it makes no sense to play for 70% of the time, it only matters what happens at the end
        I would like the tail grab one more if the time was shorter. like you said, it doesn't matter until the end, so if it's a quick scramble for tails but long enough so that tails can get moved around from the people who started with them it would be a lot more fun.
        My biggest issue with the tail grab one is that it seems like every time I grab a tail they are able to immediately take it back. I think that if someone takes your tail there needs to be like a 3 second timer until you can take it back, or you fall down when you lose your tail or something.
            > you fall down when you lose your tail or something.

Fantastic idea
                Doesn't this already happen? I feel like I get stumbled whenever my tail is taken.
                    Its inconsistent but it does happen at least most of the time for me.

Funnily (not really cause it ticks me off) enough, you stumble/fall over whenever someone is using McDonald's wifi and steals your tail from 5 feet away so even trying to turn around to yoink it back is prevented and they already have the lead on you because of course.
        I hate the ring one the most because I always do personally great at it but my team loses by 15+.

At least with fall ball, or the one where you roll the ball I can make more of an individual impact. 

Half the time I get the rings I feel like I’m doing awesome only to see how far behind we are and just stop wasting my effort.
            True about that do great part but at least it makes sense as a team game, the bundle of individuals didn't do well enough. The tail is just stupid and is actually the same where you can do great only to lose
                I also hate the tail game mostly because of how inconsistent the grab is. 

I’d actually really enjoy team games in a separate playlist where we can win/lose as a team. It’s just a bummer that despite the gaming having 1 single winner at the end, you’re still forced to team up with people you’re competing against who can actually cause you to lose. 

Of course that’s probably just me taking a silly game too seriously. I’m mostly bitter at all the potential crowns I’ve lost being placed on a crappy team right before the final
                    Every time I’ve won a crown, I’ve been eliminated the next episode during a team game
                One thing I think could help take out the sting a bit is either having it that players on the losing team can still qualify if they personally grabbed a large number of rings or you get a bonus to your points based on the number of rings you grabbed. Though, if such a solution was added, it might lead to players competing with their own team so their personal score is better, so it might be better not to do such a thing.
            whaat? you're not playing hoopsie daisy well, then. you can defin carry your team on that game.
                I mean it’s a decent sized area and I can only be at one place at a time. I typically try to distance myself and have a section of the map where I can do laps to consistently get rings and avoid chasing rings that other people are fighting over. 

I feel like if my team total is 19 rings and I got 15 of them then I’m more than doing my part to carry
        If we could make it so teammates can't steal your tail, that'd be neat too. I had an entire round where I lost my tail 5 times and 4 of them were to teammates who immediately gifted the tail to the opponents.
        I've seen people on here propose that scoring should be based on how long a team has held a tail for so you have more incentives to play for the whole round. I think I prefer that change too, but the tails would have to spawn in a neutral zone like on Eggs.
            Problem with that is games will get to a point where even if you have the tail for the remainder of the match it's not possible to win. Then it's just a bunch of beans sitting around or quitting.
            If it's even teams like it should be, every team can spawn with the same number of tails on random players and it would be okay. I do think it should be about how well you can control the tails rather than just the number you have at the end. I also wish they would implement that for Royal Fumble too. I had the golden tail for almost the entire round yesterday evening in the finals and it was stolen from me with the clock at 0:01. The guy who got it absolutely earned it with his tricky play, but I was still quite salty at getting denied when I outplayed everyone for the full duration of the match minus one second.
                If they did it in Royal Fumble then the game could be over halfway through, and then there’s nothing to play for. Maybe that’s considered a “clinching” scenario. 

I think a good approach is the tail starts in the middle, relatively equidistant from everyone, and the first one to accumulate, say 30 seconds wins. That way you’re never really out of it.
                    Good point. Rather than accumulating points as the timer runs down, just make it a flat "Hold the tail for 30 seconds to win". You could be at 29 seconds and get it stolen and it would still feel fair. Plus, there's still incentive for people to somewhat work together. If someone is about to win, other beans might just hold them back if they are about to steal, which could be a fun dynamic that you don't usually see in the finals.
    What's wrong with the ring one? Feel like its one of the best. Probably has the most room for a single good player to positively impact their team's performance.
        Do you just run around all the time? I've tried running around and also camping an area but I just don't seem to be in the right spot at the right time to get many rings
            There is certainly a lot of luck involved in getting near rings. But you can be observant, see where rings are that no one is going to, and also figure stuff like "pretty good chance a ring will spawn around the hill in the back by the time I run up there".
    Yea I think that's a huge problem, shouldn't have team games in the pool if the teams would be uneven.
        [deleted]
            Lol people complain enough.
    Yup. I have my personal dislike (egg one) but as a whole - when the player counts are even - team games are solid and break up the flow. 

They're especially great for playing with friends imo. I prefer to sink or swim with my party members vs one of us getting eliminated round two and having to sit back and watch the rest of us for 10 minutes. A team game in round 2 or 3 helps a ton.
        Eggs are easy once you realize the best thing you can do is grab 3-4 at the start and then just defend as long as your ahead, its physically impossible for someone to make it out if there are 3 beans in the pit blocking the jump, granted a lucky throw/fumble can bounce the egg up and over but if your ever up by like 10 points from the lowest team just defend hard.
            It honestly has more to do with me just not liking the controls or gameplay flow. I've won 15-20 episodes and have a pretty solid grasp on the overall game physics and such - but still can't do much other than stumble around and get combo-grabbed in egg scramble. Out of ~100 attempts I think I've successfully stolen an egg like 2-3 times. I spend 75% of the game picking up eggs and instantly getting them knocked out of my hands. It just feels really clunky imo.

It's totally a me problem. Not hating on anyone who enjoys it :p
                Do this next time, you got an egg, someone grabs you, let go of your egg so you throw it forward, bonus if your team is aware enough that you can pass it to them.  But if a grab ends you kinda fumble the egg, if you let go its a forward pass.  Im still not 100% on the physics as sometimes it feels like I just drop the egg but it works more then it dosnt.
                    Thanks friend :)
        Yeah, some of the team games go a lot better with actual teamwork. 

The egg one I think is the best for that. Two or three people working together can completely screw over one team by emptying their nest. 

Grab egg, jump then dive to yeet it out. Who cares which team grabs it after that. The goal is to not come last.
            The problem with the egg game is that it always ends up 2v1 and it's completely impossible to beat twice as many opponents. In many cases the game is effectively over after 20 seconds and then you're just going through the motions.
    The ring one is easy, you just gotta pick a corner as your corner and do the rings as they come.
    hoopsie daisy? that's one of the best team levels imo it's super fun and you can actually have a big impact on the score.
    Whaaaat. Hoopsie Daisy is my favourite :c
    For real. I get a 9 man round 4, we play fall ball. I get a 12 man round 4, we play Tiptoe.
    I agree with this, but even so based on my experience it doesn't seem to affect the outcome as much as I thought it would have. I play with friends so we're somewhat coordinated in games like fall ball or roll out though, so that may have something to do with it.

I also think fall ball should never be played with more than 6 v 6. When it's any more than that nobody ever scores any goals and it's not as fun. That's a very minor issue though, and obviously it's just my opinion.
        >it doesn't seem to affect the outcome as much as I thought it would have.

Actually you're right about this. I did lose a game where we had the numbers advantage. It does come down to player skill in the end
            Player skill can always overcome disadvantages.  But the problem is if there are two equally skilled teams then the team with 20% fewer players will almost always lose and that is not fun for either side.
    Even numbers i agree but a solo game mode i feel like the elitists will all go there and normal game mode will be seen as the normie game mode. We don't need absolute competition chaos is fun.
    I think hoarders is a bit bland and could use a few obstacles like the spinny hammers in egg scramble. Just something so it isn't running around in a mostly flat space with balls.
    Do team games actually get created with uneven sides? Or is it players dropping before the round starts?
    I think the ring one would be better without golden rings. Bad rng on golden rings can put you from first to last.
    As long as number of player is even I can stand any team game. The whole point is to make the best player still get some early round loses and the worst player can still sometimes get to round 3-4. Even when I hate the shit out of tail grab and its wifi grab.
    This and one more thing:

Change the display of team colors. Every player should see their own team in color A (for example red, yellow or blue) and the other teams should have randomized colors for every player.

This is desperately needed since already there is a "fk the blue team" meta evolving and it just makes sense, the way it is, that a meta of sorts will develop. There is literally no downside for Yellow and Red to always go only after blue in a team game to make sure that both teams can't los. This way, team games become a pure lottery - if you get into blue team and even only a few players of red and yellow play the "fk blue team" meta, you will lose....

Randomizing team colors for every player solves this problem. Only people who enter a game as a group should see the same colors, so it doesn't get confusing...
        only ever heard of the "fk yellow team" meta
    This isn't difficult. 

If (player.count() % 2)
Gamelist = 2teamgames

Else if (player.count() % 3)
Gamelist = 3teamgames

Else
Literally anything else not team based

edit: are you really downvoting me because you don't know programming?
As much as everyone has been complaining/memeing about Fall Ball. I always love the final round that comes after it because I feel like everyone still in the game at that point is a friend. Makes losing a little bit more enjoyable to me.
    I think Fall Ball could be really great if the physics were tighter. It feels like the only consistent hit I can get on a ball is if I’m hitting it from the drop after a goal is scored. Every other time it feels a bit like I’ve passed thru part of the ball and then it sorta just shrugs off me.
        Yea I agree its really difficult to get the ball to go anywhere. Makes it kind of unsatisfying to get a clean hit on the ball.
            Yeah that’s for sure the worst part. It just feels so off. Like diving into the ball should hit it way harder but it feels like nothing happens. If they fix those issues it would make the game way better.
                Pretty sure if your internet connection is good then it feels all over the place and terrible like this, because you aren't seeing the laggy players actions properly
        I think this may be related to the tail hitbox/latency problem, because there have been several times where I was sure I hit the ball properly but it either barely reacts or I essentially go through it. Compared to Rocket League it feels far more random. So frustrating when I felt I timed it perfectly but then the ball will do a quick double bounce as it tries to decide if I or the opponent hit the ball first.
        PlayStation or PC? I just played on PlayStation at a buddy's and it is way different than PC, but I was hoping that was because he was on a wireless connection and not because its just terrible on console.
            PS4. And I’m on a wired connection. Are the physics better on PC?
                Damn maybe it is the console. Yeah when I play on PC even with a controller everything is much smoother. I felt like on ps4 the guy would jump a bit after I pressed the jump button and the balls on fall ball were glitching and not smoothly being hit or moving while being pushed. Definitely not the case in all my games on PC.
                    what I realized that’s weird as well is that the physics (that you’d think would be the same) work much better on that hoarders game with the volleyball looking balls.
                    Input lag can be caused by the tv not being on game mode
                        Im pretty sure it was on game mode it felt more like lag because the dive wasnt delayed or at least not as noticeable. Also,  is there no way to rebind buttons on console? Same with the rumble but thats probably in system settings I hope.
                They are pretty shit on PC as well.
    [deleted]
        Yea like car soccer without the cars.
        Agreed, most people are too bad at it to realize how good of a game it is.
    I always lose at fall ball but I will always defend it as a game mode. When you work together with randoms you form a bond
    I don't mind Fall Ball as an actual game. (I actually kinda like it).... I just hate uneven teams because it means most likely the team with less players is most likely going to lose. Really the only team game I really hate is the Jynx one. Even the tails ones I'm ok with I just think they last too long.
        Fall Ball I don't even mind that much for uneven teams if the total number is fairly high. 8 v 9 is not too bad, but 4 v 5 you can really feel being down a person.
    Until it's 4 vs 4 Fall Ball and you already know it's going to be a 4 person Royal Rumble finale.

I've damn near quit out of Fall Ball while winning because Royal Rumble is so terrible and I'd rather not endure Royal Rumble at all. There is nothing fun about that finale, it should be entirely removed from the finale rotation.
        Tail tag really only makes sense as a free-for-all middle round game. Has no place as a team game because there is no teamwork involved, and no place as a finale because none of it matters until the last 30 seconds or so.
    I like Fall Ball, just because if we win, I know exactly how bad everyone I'm still competing against sucks.
[deleted]
    Yea those platforms are janky, and not in a good way.
        [deleted]
            [deleted]
                You can throw them out from the lower platforms though. If they made it easier to take it would be way to easy to gang on a team.
    > Egg scramble needs to be adjusted a little bit to make getting out of the nests easier.

Swear to God, the first round of Scramble I played, I said "these stupid nest platforms need to be turned into RAMPS."

That would solve the problem quite elegantly.
        [deleted]
            It would avoid the janky jump-dash'ing everyone is doing when they realize it's difficult as hell to jump the two platforms.
    Is this a joke? Defense is practically impossible on Egg scramble. People can throw the eggs right out from the bottom floor and it's almost impossible to block. The problem with Egg scramble is rather that it always becomes a 2v1 where two teams both attack the weakest team and just completely empty the nest. Since there's not really a way to win 1v2 it's often over in 20 seconds.
        Ah egg nest, capitalism simulator
        Most games of egg scramble I've played in nobody ever throws the eggs out from the bottom. I guess it's a relatively unknown technique.
    Camera angles are a huge mess in the nest.
    [Deleted]
    I'm constantly the best player on my time and sick of afk teammates and trolls helping the other team, didn't realize I just suck at it.
        [deleted]
            Oh geeze I'm just so amped how do I settle down!?! 

Lol ok
                [deleted]
                    At this point I have to ask if this cringe is unironic or not it's getting pathetic lol
I reckon that some of the saltier players hate team games because of the "win 5 Episodes in a row" trophy.
    That trophy should be removed altogether. It's a very try hard trophy. It could be substituted with a 2 wins in a row (back to back). That way there wouldn't be such a lot of tryharders
        I know it's achievable, I subscribe to somebody on YouTube who has [video evidence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RLMH92o17s&t=13m48s) of this, but with the existence of team games and certain games that are heavily RNG-dependant like Hoopsie Daisy or your starting line placement in races, as well as bugs like falling through the floor on Hex-A-Gone, climbing onto the crown on Fall Mountain or the player with the tail leaving Royal Fumble so everybody runs around doing nothing for 2 minutes and then one of the remaining players wins at random...Especially considering that **every finale game has a game-ruining bug**, it doesn't feel like a fair request on the developer's part (sorry) and is bound to cause a lot of salty 4-stacks and toxicity, even for a game with no voice chat.

Heck, some people have already achieved this trophy due to server issues without having achieved the goal, it just unlocked for them upon logging in; IMO the integrity of the trophy has already been compromised. One could also argue about beta players having an advantage and this trophy becoming infinitely more difficult to obtain now that people are getting better at games like Slime Climb and Hex-A-Gone. That said, I reckon there will still be plenty of backlash if they do make it easier to obtain.

Two in a row I feel is still too easy; I think 3 wins in a row is perfectly reasonable and still worth bragging about. It's worth noting that there is a precedent for trophies being updated in circumstances like these: https://www.playstationtrophies.org/forum/6058044-post2.html

I'm personally not going to make a big fuss about this (I realize I just wrote a lot about this, it's a habit of mine), but I would respect the decision to reduce the "win 5 Episodes in a row" trophy by 1-2. An alternative idea would be 5 wins in a single session without exiting the game.
            4-stacks?
                Four player parties; my point was that a lot of full parties are likely going to engage in griefing.
    This is exactly why
Tip Toe is pure chaos. Avoid the fruits and only run forward is chaos. Even block party as the second game is pure chaos. Egg scramble is just randomness and even ruins win streaks even when there is the 5 win streak trophy. Dude nobody likes randomness
    I love randomness and chaos
I just want LESS of them. One team round per episode is enough.
    Yeah, just have 1 round with teams. And remove anything involving tails until the latency is fixed.
Agreed! I'm here for the journey. If I clock in 100 more hours without winning a crown then so be it. I'm having a ball no matter what!
    As a trophy hunter (somewhat new) I only feel sad about the 5 wins in a row trophy, because the chances of winning are so random.

Great trophy, but I wish it wasn't required for platinum, that's all.

Other than that, I don't mind losing. It's fun regardless!
    I would go so far as to say that there should be more team games as to weed out the hardcore bean bois. If you are frustrated by this not being an esport go play something else.
        I don’t want this to be an esport, but when you literally get screwed by team games for most of the day and you just want a certain skin from the shop it’s really annoying, I want to be able to enjoy losing, if I lose in a game of fortnite for example I honestly don’t get angry in the slightest and most of the time I do laugh at the chaos that caused it, but that’s only because by not winning I don’t lose anything, by not winning in fall guys I lose the chance to get a skin i really want for an unknown (probably long) amount of time before it’s brought back
            I'm going to give you some life advice. Don't get attached to having limited skins in video games. It will severely hamper your enjoyment of any game.
                I know but I’m just saying, having skins on a timer that can only be bought through a currency earned by winning games WILL make any game competitive
        Maybe people just honestly don't like them and alienating that group isn't a great idea. I don't care if I win, but team games just are not fun for me. The egg and hoop ones are the only ones I think are decent.

I'm not out here trying to win every game abd be the greatest fall guy in the world. Some of the maps I just don't like.

Or make the team games 1st and 2nd round only. More people in them is way more fun and it would let the bad players get through more rounds than See saw or whirlygig do.
        If you want a game of pure rng go play dice. Maybe consider trying to get better instead of begging to be spoon fed wins
            I'll have you know I eat my cereal without milk while whipping ass at dark souls with the dk bongos and I don't need to be spoon fed anything.
            not every game has to be hyper-competitive. fall guys isn't an e-sport, it's a casual multiplayer game. go play rocket league or something if that's what you want
        I would like more randomness in the Final round games. The Hex-A-Gone is pretty skill based
            Why?  Final games should be the "ultimate" test of skill.  It sounds like you're just going against the people who want the game to be hyper competitive by suggesting the polar opposite.  Neither side is good though.
            [deleted]
                Yeah because with so much suggested randomness, there comes a point where you might as well just set up a roulette wheel and give the win to whoever the ball lands on.
                    I’m not advocating for it, but I do think it’s silly how people are getting very upset over this game. My wording was a bit harsh, I admit, but I enjoy the game warts and all.
        It's not about making it an "e-sport" it's about fairness and having a fair chance every game. Team games are RNG no matter how skillful you are at this game and ruin a lot of the fun when you are told to win but given a random reliance on others instead of improving your own ability at the game.

Being frustrated at potatoes is fair considering they are equally responsible for your qualification. Telling people to go play something else doesn't help.
Not sure how unpopular it really is but I agree.  The variety in Fall Guys is incredibly refreshing.  The team games do mean the outcome is less predictable and less in my favor, but they're fun and weird, and when you get the opportunity to help your team come back from a deficit it's a feel good moment you wouldn't get if they were altered or removed.  I do enjoy winning but winning isn't supposed to be the only fun you're having.
    The best part is that when you lose, you can just blame your team for once instead of having to wrestle with your own inadequacy!
        As a toxic League of Legends player, this isn't anything new to me
    We seem to be the majority. It just sounds like the other part rushes more often to reddit to whine about the game.
I see your point and I do think it’s fun, but I have to disagree.

I think the game would heavily benefit from separate mode variations at the lobby screen. For example, solo rounds, team rounds, and mixed rounds. 

The game is incredibly fun and chaotic and that is why it’s a blast. But i don’t find it fun when I’m doing very well in solo rounds, then it throws you into a party round and you lose because the teams might be one sided. I rarely find the team match ups fair. I usually will win by a huge margin in team rounds, or completely get destroyed on others, hardly in between.
This is why I made a post about how that win 5 episodes in a row trophy is counter intuitive to this game. Makes no sense.
I’m sorry, but as long as you have the best cosmetics in the game behind crowns, people are gonna get competitive. I don’t see what’s wrong with having a mode with only solo games (more competitive mode) and then a normal mode. Every time I mention this it gets downvoted to hell though. I get y’all like team games but not everyone has to. I don’t see anything wrong with there being two modes so everyone is happy.
In the end there can be only 1 winner per "Episode" so the fact you're forced to play Team Modes is kind of stupid. IMO. I personally hate the Team Modes. You have to pray to God before each one starts that you get put with players that are actually trying to win and not just  trolling "for the memes." More power to the people that enjoy those modes. I would just like the option to never play them. There are more than enough Solo Modes in the game to have the usual eliminations. There are al;ready some Solo Modes that rarely happen because the game decides "Oh, you need to play Hoarders, Rock N Roll, Fall Ball, etc" instead of a Solo one that can just as easily suffice.
    I think what makes me upset about Team Games is I thought that Fall Guys was mostly an obstacle course chain game with a few misc mini-games, but I feel I barely get the obstacle courses and usually get the team games instead...

I wanted Silly Ninja Warrior, not "If I grief my team, people on twitch.tv will laugh" simulator.
        Fall Guys is probably gonna open the door for a fluid, control platforming based Battle Royale and I'm HERE for it when that day comes.
            I want a gritty and dark fallguys clone with realistic graphics. Not because i think itd be good, but because i wanna see how they execute something like this. ^  ^
        There's so many mini games I've only played once or twice because I have to play team tail tag or fall ball every episode. I don't mind team games, but at least make them a little more uncommon.
            I feel that. For me it's like 2-3 team games every episode. I personally think there should only be a team game on part 2 or part 4. No other times, and only one of those two spots. I understanding the appeal of team games from a design stance in that they naturally and easily thin the herd, but when it happens too much, it's just obnoxious.
                I really wish the algorithm would make only one team game happen per episode. Every episode I played last night featured both team tail tag and fall ball. If there's an odd number of us, just send us to tip toe or a finale.
        **I found links in your comment that were not hyperlinked:**

* [twitch.tv](https://twitch.tv)

*I did the honors for you.*

***

^[delete](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fu%2FLinkifyBot&subject=delete%20g14ius3&message=Click%20the%20send%20button%20to%20delete%20the%20false%20positive.) ^| ^[information](https://np.reddit.com/u/LinkifyBot/comments/gkkf7p) ^| ^<3
    There are teams on survivor my g
I feel that some mechanics were intentionally designed to feel frustrating and unfair (but not too much, so players still want to play to win and feel good when they succeed).

Presumably, their thought process was: streamers get angry because of an "unfair" loss; angry streamers get some funny reactions that viewers like; viewers keep watching streams because of funny reactions, streamers keep playing Fall Guys because they get a lot of views; Fall Guys gets a lot of free publicity from being streamed all the time.
I hate the team game modes. I find them just very BORING. The worst one horders. All of them are frustrating
Chaos is diametrically opposed to skill. If your game has too much chaos, it becomes a slot machine where your skill doesn’t matter. If it is too skill-based, it becomes too formulaic and predictable.

The best version of this game combines skill, like that needed for Slime Climb, with chaos like that present in  Tip Toe or Gate Crash.

Most of the team games are the worst form of chaos because they utterly remove individual players’ ability to impact the outcome of the game.

When you combine this with the slap in the face that is the Infallible trophy, which is truly about 10% skill and 90% luck, it becomes easy to see why team games are getting the hate they are.
If there's going to be a team game, maybe make it in the 2nd round only?  That way if I'm going to get eliminated, at least it is early.  

For some of us, team games are basically and auto-elimination.  I've played since beta and I have yet to even advance in certain events.  I have never not been eliminated from the one where you push the ball (granted it doesn't come up all that much).  The hoarders one goes about the same way.  I see these games come up and I think "oh well, I can play another game soon".  

I'm also pretty sure people are quitting as soon as some events go badly.
As evidenced by your upvote percentage, and the upvote percentage of all the new submissions complaining about team games in their entirety, this is not an unpopular opinion. They are what you call a vocal minority.
    Shoot even at 1000 upvotes, that is a TINY fraction of the player base.  The steam +1 if you hate teams thread is sitting at a couple hundred.  In no way should a developer ever take an internet discussion as the gospel truth about overall player satisfaction.
    People are generally in favor of this game.  I love this game but all tail related game modes and Jinxed can go straight to hell.  They’re awful and the basis of team games is to push along bad players that otherwise wouldn’t make it to later stages (as stated by a dev).
        Is that true? That's bad if that is the reason for team games. How can one improve themselves if you wing through RNG? They should do a separate playlist for team games for people who are bad to play.
            Someone downvoted you which is bullshit but yeah it was mentioned it gives newer or less experienced players and opportunity to get pushed into later rounds.  I still don’t see what good that does at large because if you aren’t particularly good at the games you probably won’t win on skill based games like Hex A Gone
                Ah people get annoyed at player choices for some reason or annoyed at people who rather skill over luck. The whole reasoning behind team games is really stupid IMO and yeah you're totally correct, if you're bad at the game you will lose eventually anyways as the finale is always a solo game.

I think that adding in team finales where multiple people win, would make sense in terms of trying to get people who aren't good to earn wins.

In my 32 wins, most of the shows I have won have not consisted of a team game/games. The majority of my disqualifications are in team games. It's super frustrating because you are trying to improve your ability at the game but team games impede on this.
I agree. It is great to let more people who arent as good have a chance at winning
    The beauty of the game is not having total control of the outcome. Not having control allows fun to take over
        > Not having control allows fun to take over

I agree and disagree. 

Not being in control of something can be incredibly frustrating, especially in a game like this if you feel you and your mates are on a good run. Like there are some games where we genuinely groan at having to do them, I wouldn't call that fun. 

At the same time though, this is something that every player faces. Nobody is in control. Some games you win some, some games you lose some. This helps make it easier because it essentially feels like "what comes around goes around". The same can be applied with Royal Fumble, some games I'll get dicked over by the hitbox lag, other times I benefit from it. It balances out enough that despite being annoying, it's something you get over pretty quickly.

Essentially, if you win it's fun, if you lose it's the worst game ever (until you're back to round 1 a minute later).
            Door dash is the embodiment of this game imo. Random as fuck, doesn't matter how good you are you can still get caught in a pile and take 3 tries to clear a doorway, and there is the element of skill and strategy needed to overcome the crowds.

Team games dont really hit that for me personally.
                Spot on. There's a lot of randomness but it's still relatively in your control. Like you can easily make it through to the next round 9/10 by hanging back a tad so you're always able to run towards a door that's just been knocked down. 

But of course, where's the fun in that when I could have the satisfaction of breaking down a door or smacking into it? That to me is the definition of fun, because it's in my control whether I go for it or hang back and play it strategically.
                Exactly, there are good AND bad forms of RNG.  People keep trying to argue in favor of RNG just because they don't want the game to be hyper competitive, and neither do I, but I also don't want it to be a complete luck-based clusterfuck where one game will have such a high chance of eliminating you for something out of your control.

Door Dash and the other races are still fun cause you can still come back after making multiple mistakes.  But something like Fall Mountain?  You've pretty much already lost if you didn't spawn in the front row, and that's complete chance.
        [deleted]
            Well the game advocates you to win (crowns) to get stuff in the store and to win 5 in a row. It's frustrating to be on your 4th win streak and lose to a team game where you're paired with potatoes.
        The only one I really have an issue with is fall ball but that's only because it can be easy to get caught on the cycle of the ball been hit out of the air on respawn straight back into the goal.
            Fall ball would be great as a second round game. 20v20 or whatever.

When it's five of you on a team it's just boring. And it would eliminate that person who just stands there after they go down 1 from making a difference in the outcome.
                Yea that would work a lot better actually.
            [deleted]
                That's a legit Pro tip that never crossed my mind.
            except theres a skill to that too. i was practicing it in a blowout.
    Is this the point we’re at now? This level of entitlement? I don’t mind the game as it is because I get a lot of wins but to essentially punish the most dedicated players for being the most dedicated is stupid. Randomness to an extent isn’t bad, but this game should have a level of skill in the platforming and strategy that spectated the good from the bad.
        Good lord you're getting sweaty about jelly beans racing through obstacle courses
            Sorry I actively try to get better to win I guess. Not everyone lazily wants to be handed free wins like you
> I get that people don't want to have game modes where winning is somewhat out of their control.

**SOMEWHAT?**
    Some, what?
        I was being laconic with my response.

My point is that you can do everything correctly as an individual member of your "team" and still lose quite handily because no one else was performing adequately.

For a "BR" game that ultimately concludes with only one victor, that's a helluva kick in the taint.


Edit: wow, great downvote. Let's not allow people to post opinions we disagree with, huh?
This is only unpopular on Reddit. According to fallguysjoe the majority of people enjoy team games
    where's he getting that info from? Even on their official discord server, nearly every suggestion/feedback is to get rid of/revamp the team and tail games
        Interesting discussions here!
[From the FAQs pinned post]

“For a bit of context, we feel like team games were important for a few reasons.

1.	⁠The vast majority of players in our playtests enjoy them! It can seem like most players hate them when you go onto forums but the online community tends to represent a loud, very competitive, but ultimately small community. We have to make sure we balance this feedback with the unspoken majority too, and so we have analytics that will be tracking things like quit rates etc. that we'll be using to make decisions around things like this.”

Essentially the online community including discord, Reddit, etc. represents a smaller much more competitive group compared to the general population of this game.
            Not to be pedantic but he’s talking about a community of testers/people close to the game.  That’s like me attesting my group of 7 friends I’ve played with (non-reddit users) not liking team games (specifically Jinxed) means people actually dislike team games.

At least we can probably all agree that they’re divisive and a perhaps 40% like them, 40% hate them, and the remaining 20% is indifferent.
    [deleted]
        I think it's because most people will only post if they have reasons to complain and reddit is where people can always find a community for the thing they have a complaint about. Some people do make posts in praise but most people are lazy like me and rarely post
Agreed. They are annoying but essential. I don't want this game to go down an eSports path. Keep it casual.
Team games are needed in this game, otherwise it becomes too much a game of skill as opposed to the party/chaos it’s meant to be. How quickly are people going to stop playing if the game becomes too competitive, especially if winning allows people to access items/costumes as a reward.

The team aspect ensures some of the weaker players still have a shot at winning now and again. Yes it can be frustrating, but it is absolutely needed in this game where the single player modes can be beaten easily with some basic skill.
    Ummm....winning already allows people to access items and such from the shop for Crowns. So the game already rewards the people that win more.  Also, the "Well, it just helps the weaker players etc etc" excuse just admits the Team Games are in to add a cheap BS level of RNG that isn't needed. At the end of the day there can be 1 winner. You can't win as a team so why force people to play those modes if they don't want to?
        Because it’s about keeping an engaged audience. You make your game skill ceiling too high, or the casual feels they never will have a chance of winning crowns, the game dies quickly. The company are here to make money as well as offering a fun game, the smaller that audience gets the less money they make.

Why do you thinking fighting game communities are so small, because the skill ceiling for casuals online is too high for most. So what have developers done, they’ve dumbed their games downs to help appeal to those players to keep them engaged. The difference is, big money sponsorships and tournaments rely on players knowing skill outweighs ‘noob mechanics’.

If this game became ‘pro’ level, then RNG needs to be minimised, but not at the level the game is at the moment.

And my point about rewards is that casual players want to feel like they have a chance of earning those awards which are going to need them to win more crowns than they will get with the standard playing unlocks. If I don’t feel like I’m ever going to have a chance to win a reward, but incentive to play decreases.
What I hate most about team games is when you're in the lead when the counter ends, but the game goes into overtime, and you lose.

How is that fair to the team that was leading before overtime? The team (or 2 teams in tail tag possibly) that aren't tied for losing at the end should immediately qualify poof into waiting for the next round and spectate while the overtime is only against the two tying teams for losing.
I **HATE** team games when I’m playing alone. Then it really does seem like a coin flip most games, especially Fall Ball, it’s so shitty when you have like 3 guys knocking the ball into your own end constantly.

However when I have a party of 4 the team games are my absolute favorite. Nothing like Rock n Roll or fall ball with 3 other guys, because at least then I have some element of control because of communication.
I think Fall Ball should be an earlier game. Fall Ball is more fun and chaotic with big teams. With small teams, the lack of skill or whatever by my team stops being fun and starts being frustrating. Other than that, I think team games are fine.
is it really "random" when yellow team loses every time? It's gotten to the point where when I'm put on yellow team I just alt tab since the formula seems to put the weaker players on yellow consistently, fall ball is the most obvious one
    I literally win every time Im yellow, lose 90% of the time Im bue, and 50/50 red.
Disagree. If only one person can win the entire game, then it should be up to that one person and not a team. If a team could win, sure. But that's not the case
Sea saw is fun chaos team games are shitty chaos
I don't mind team games .. it's the 2 soccer games that I hate
    [deleted]
        Hoarders is essentially a Brownian motion simulator. I'm not convinced anything I do can affect the outcome.
            Even if you have 4 balls the whole time somehow you'll end up with 0 the last second lmao
Team games are fine as a general concept, but I think it's important that all team games really feel like you are playing as a team and making a difference, even in a loss. The issue with games like Hoopsie Daisy and Team Tail Tag is that each person is acting independently, so you can do your absolute best and feel like it's pointless if the team isn't pulling their weight. Fall Ball and Rock n Roll work better (in my opinion) because you are forced to actually work together.
Haha I’ve been trying to argue this point in vain. People are just so used to the idea of “if you’re good, you should be able to outplay everyone every time unless you mess up.” That’s just not how this game works, and the craziness is part of the fun. Team games are hilarious because it’s sworn enemies forced to play together 😂
It also possibly dramatically increases your chances of winning since the best players might be on the losing team. 

It thins the herd a bit across the board.
Egg scramble is one of the few games where your efforts do seem to translate to wins (similar to hoopsie daisy).  Tail Tag teams and especially Jinxed feel like you may as well flip a coin and save the player some time.  Fall ball is a favorite as it’s easily exploitable, but losing because of others never feels like “peak video game chaos” and more somebody else wasted my time.
I must disagree mostly here. The parts I agree is randomness and chaos. Whether that it makes it "great" is subjective. For me, I thrive to complete the aim of the game - to win and do better as a player on Fall Guys.

I want to be responsible for my actions. If I mess up, I want to know I messed up and it's my fault only. I want to be in control of improving my abilities in the game where I made mistakes. Team games do not do any of this. I could be a god at a team game but it can only do so much. When you have to rely on others for your progression, it ruins it for me.

If I lose a team game, who do I blame, what was my weakest link, how do I improve? These questions cannot be answered and more importantly, resolved. It is just RNG of having decent teammates. Out of my 32 wins, I have far won a show without a team game then with which speaks volumes that my solo skills are good but team games stop that. If I lose a show it has mainly been due to a team game.

This game enforces winning over "chaos", since the shop asks for crowns and also trophy/achievement designed to win. Yet there are team games that contradict this through singular skill. It is RNG which is bad for me and bad for the goal of the game. The best soloution is to separate team games in a different playlist so people who enjoy them can still play them.
Then why not go full chaos? During Whirlygig for example, why not just have the floor randomly open up in front of some players and drop them out of the game? Or even though you qualify in a game, you get kicked off the bean box and eliminated anyway? Really doesn't get much more chaotic than that! 

What's that? All of a sudden losing when it's out of your control isn't fun? Hmm...
    It isnt out of your control. Youre a player on that team. There are strategies that can work in your favour. I win the vast majority of my team games with my strategies.
Totally agree, I love the madness that comes with team games! Everybody's  frantically running around grabbing eachother and leaping about, it's great. I always have the biggest grin on my face during egg scramble and team tail tag because of the absolute chaos that erupts.
9 times out of 10 team games are the reason I don't reach the Final round. They're a coin toss. Or worse if there's skill based team balancing going on like I suspect there is.

The best solution would be to have two separate playlists, one with team games and one without them. Everybody wins.
    Yeah. I've been for a separate Solo Modes only way of playing from the start. I don't care if I win. I just don't want the reason I never even have a chance to be "Congrats, You made it to Round 4 so here's an uneven game of Fall Ball, go f\*k yourself."
        The "go fck yourself" moments are part of the charm to me. It adds to the chaos of the game and makes wins more of an adrenaline rush.
Unpopular Opinion: everyone complaining about team games and tail tags are taking this game WAY too seriously.  

(The memory match game sucks though, too easy)
    My only complaint with the three tail tag games is the grabbing netcode problems, especially in royal fumble when someone 10 feet away from you can grab it and win. Once they fix that it'll be much more fun
        Yes, that is super frustrating. Needing to be right up the ass of someone to get their tail vs they can grab you from 4 ft away feels really annoying and unfun.
    Memory match is the best chance for sabotage. I usually eliminate at least 1 or 2 people.
    > taking this game WAY too seriously

The whole purpose of the game is to have fun. For some people, fun comes from the competitive element. Just because someone doesn't like those games doesn't mean they're taking the game too seriously, it just means for them it ruins the fun.

If I'm having a laugh fucking about with my mate, are we taking the game too seriously if we groan at having to do a team game? I don't think so, we just don't like doing them sometimes because it takes away the fun of the solo challenge and trying to one-up each other.

I see why people like them, I see why people hate them. End of the day different people find the fun in the game in a different way and that's completely fine.
I agree. I just don't like how often the teams are uneven.
    You mean like 99% of the time? Hell, even when the teams should be even the game somehow screw that up. For example, 'Hey, here's Hoarders with 33 Players. But One team is going to have 12 players for some reason and another will have 10." Brilliant.
Agreed, nothing makes me feel more alive than the chaos of being on the losing team and somehow qualifying within the last few seconds
I have grown to love them, as long as I am not on Blue.
I like team games I just don’t like three team games
I like team games where there are multiple roles to play. tail tag doesn't really have much strategy. Egg scramble you can be a griefer, nest raider, or nest defender. Fall soccer you can play goalie, goalie harasser, harass other players, score goals, etc.
I don't want this game to become another super high skill ceiling game, there's already so many of those and I'd love just one game where I can have a chance of winning even if it's due to the randomness.
I don't like team games but I agree
It's not the winning, it's the taking part that counts!
Team games definitely shouldn’t be in rotation unless there’s even numbers because having even 1 extra player on your team is a free win more often than not.
I hate the team games but I'm also aware they're needed to break the game up somewhat.   


Whats more, it also allows for better players to not always make the final- allowing for some people to win crowns they may not of won had a god tier player cruised to the final with solo only games. I'm not saying that good players shouldn't win every time, but it does break up the field somewhat.
Fall ball's got its problems tho. (I hate the ring one too) my team scored 5 times but because a golden egg fell down and the enemy team scored that they had 6 and we lost.
I believe this is more the silently popular opinion.

There are some team games with significant issues, like Fall Ball having unbalanced teams and Egg Scramble's structure encouraging a minute and a half of kickin em while they're down, but team games are fine at their core
I agree
Team games are a necessity. A lot of people are already really good at some courses and game modes. Team modes has the potential of eliminating some really good players which to me is a good thing. It gives others a chance, I get that it’s frustrating that it’s out of your control but that’s what’s fun for me.
I like team games expect for some
I like Fall Ball for sure. The others are on a lower tier but I still enjoy them all, except the one where you all push the ball through the course. I think that one should either have more things for team mates to do, or a course that does more than go straight.
It's not unpopular, it's just that everyone that agrees just doesn't have to say anything. Only people you see talking about it are the complainers lol
Its only aggravating when the teams are uneven. Like is that that hard to have a ffa with 9 players?
I love them too! Just dont put 3 in a dang row!
Well usually I would agree, but because crowns are a currency that you can only get through winning (apart from the 3 battle pass ones) it’s really frustrating when I lose out of my control because I literally just want a certain skin and when playing to the absolute best of my ability isn’t enough because of bad teammates that’s a really frustrating situation, if they honestly want people to be able to enjoy lo suing because of the chaos that happened, crowns prevent that entirely (not even gonna mention the 5 wins in a row achievement, that’s a whole new level of hell)
Team games are the best (when teams are equal) because trolling the other players with grabs is actually tactical rather than just fun.
Ok well at least SBMM would help. No matter how casual a game can be, having people who don't even know how to operate a controller or KBM in a game shouldn't be paired with those who do.
I'm with you, I just need people to stop being able to steal my tail in team tail tag all the way from The Boötes Void, and also for teammates to stop stealing my tail.
The only one I don't like is soccer. There's a reason I don't play FIFA or Rocket League, I really don't enjoy that kinda thing.
The randomness and chaos are the things I like least about the game
    Then don't play it. If randomness and chaos aren't for you, then this game isn't for you
    The shooting is the thing I like least about Call of Duty.  Guess what? I don''t play Call of Duty.
        Yet I find the game fun, and that' because the randomness element aren't core they're just tacked onto a solid game that would be better without most of them

/u/jacojerb
Not unpopular
They just need to end a little bit sooner. Can get a little slow
No one blanket hates team games but they shouldn't be 2-3 games in, they shouldn't be 3 teams, and they shouldn't be uneven.


Soccer is AMAZING and is practically its own game, egg basket is clunky 3 team games result in 2 teams bullying one.
Maybe if my tail wasn’t being grabbed from 10ft away every time
I still can't figure out how to jump out of an enemy pit with an egg....
The funny thing is the complaint I see way too often is something along the lines of "my teammates are useless and its too hard" bruh, if you constantly have team mates that cause you to lose the round, maybe it's not the team mates that are the problem.
I love the team games and the randomness it creates, I think its necessary for Fall Guys to continue to be chaotic fun.
Yeah thats really true, but if u play for too long without pause they become kinda iritating
I just think they give trolls too much power. If my goal is to ruin your fun, think how easy it is to grab your tail, because people don't expect their own team to steal it, and just stand in front of someone else. Or grab you as you're carrying an egg so you drop it. Or stop the ball moving in rock n rolla. One person can easily lose the game, but one person can't easily win the game.
    One person can easily win the game.

Do those “troll” actions to the enemy. You will be surprised at how effective you can be
    Stealing your own teams tail in tail-tag is not even a troll move. It doesnt change the score at all. 

Everybody pushing the rock is probably worse than 3-4 pushing it, so one person not doing it is no biggee. 

Own-goaling in soccer or actively sabotaging Hoarders are probably the worst you can do ... but in 22 wins Ive seen people scoring on their own goal in soccer twice and id bet money that one of those times it was someone too dumb to understand he was shooting at the wrong goal. 

This level of trolling simply is NOT happening, at least on PS4.
        No, no. Stealing a teammates tail isn't a troll move. But I said stealing it then just standing in front of someone else. It's real easy to give tails away. 

And it's not a matter of not pushing the rock, you can run ahead and push against the team. Sure you won't stop them, but all you need to do is slow them down enough so the other team can get ahead. If you get even a little far ahead by the drop it's near impossible to stop. 

Hitting your own goal is probably the hardest thing, but it's not hard to play defense for the other team and help keep your team from scoring. 

Now, you say this level of trolling isn't happening, but how close are you watching your team? You can't tell me you've NEVER had a teammate take your tail or "accidentally" grab you in egg scramble. Cause I've had that happen EVERY time. It's easy to overlook it as someone making a mistake or just ignore it cause yo're having fun
As someone who has over 20 wins and wins most team games. 

Sabotage is the keyword.

Do not focus on getting eggs. Realistically you can only get so many eggs in a space of time. Spend the game throwing eggs OUT of the lowest teams basket.


On the team tails, give up your tail to a team mate and get tails yourself.

Jinx. Get jinxed early and focus on capturing others. 

Football. Grab and block enemy attackers.

Ive found your net contribution to the team can be hugely positive if you sacrifice your own output in order to disrupt the opponent. If you can undo the work two enemies are doing then youre significantly more effective.

Also, do not focus on the 2nd place teams. Focus on bullying the LAST place team. Always.
I hate some of them, but in the end people should remember that it's just for fun.
Teammates going AFK or actively helping the other team isn't random fun or chaos it's retarded bullshit. 

Soccer sucks enough on its own without having to play it with random dipshits. Literally no matter how good you do it's not in your hands if you win or not. Fuckin stupid.
Yeah no. It literally ruins the game for me. Nothing worse than losing right before the final due to a team game.
I am okay with this....just not when teams are uneven.

That's screwing over a team.
What boggles me is everyone forgets that after those team games, everyone is your opponent again. Even the people you queue with. 

If you lose in a team game your team didn't fail, your opponents eliminated you, intentionally or not.
I don’t mind team games, it is part of the rng and yes, sometimes a bit irritating if you are -1 but well, that is rng.

However, one thing that is very annoying in Fall Ball is like this last game i had, we were 4 vs 5, then suddenly it’s just 2 of us in our team with no warning (except the alarming rate of scores the enemy team is suddenly getting).

Idk if the server dropped them, they rage quit because we were not Messi in plush pill form or other bizarre circumstance. But at that point there isn’t much to do but play with the emotes 😅
I just lost 7 team games in a row while placing 1st in a fair amount of the solos. Honestly it’s so frustrating not making it to the final round ONLY because of the flip of a coin nature of team games
I love team games, like if you loose yeah it sucks but it's 5 rounds. 

In any 3 team game, the loosing side is the one that the other two teams gang up on. Fall ball sucks if you have someone who can spawn score, but hoops is almost entierly your own skill, If you can get 5-7 hoops your team will probably win.
My problem is just that when I'm in a team game the fun is practically non existent because I'm basically forced to lose half the time.
i just think it's lame to lose because of others. that way i can't improve
Still kills the mood if you lose +5 times a row because of a team game.
I agree that is an unpopular opinion.

Team games suck.
Yea this is not supposed to be a skill based game. Its supposed to be random and chaotic and fun. You shouldn't expect to win consistently, have some fun losing in dumb ways.
    I don't care if I lose. I know I'm not a good enough player to constantly win. I would just much rather only have to blame myself if I lose and not be eliminated because the rest of my team decided to just grief and throw the match. Where is the "fun" in that? The game can be just as chaotic and fun if those modes were made optional.
        Spot on. If I lose, I want it to be because I fucked up, not because I was put into a shit team that is completely random, or because I was put into a team game without even players.

People say "but it means more chance of people winning!", does it really? Chances are if people rely on team games to get to a further round, then they likely won't do good in a later solo round anyway, or they simply wouldn't really care about winning. The randomness doesn't really benefit anyone.

> The game can be just as chaotic and fun if those modes were made optional.

Unfortunately the problem with outright removing team games and having them as a separate mode is that it splits the fanbase. What then happens if the lobby involving team games gets less players? Do they just leave those maps there to die or do they get added back to circulation?

I do think there should be a team games only mode, for parties of 4 people to compete in as a team, but that's different to completely removing an entire element of the game and potentially fracturing the fanbase.
Fuck egg scramble
Agree. 

Last thing I'd hate for this game is for the ultra tryhard competitive players trying to make the game as "balanced" as possible. There's literally hundreds of other games you can play to fit that criteria.
100% agreed
Pandy just want team games to not be focus yellow
    Pandy also wants a panda skin
As long as the teams are even teams and tail grabbing actually works properly and doesn't happen from a distance I'd be fine with all games really.
I agree
i agree 100 %
Have my upvote. Truly an unpopular opinion.

Team Gold FTW!. Teams Tampon and Smurf lick walls.
I actually love some of the team games like Rock n Roll, Hoopsie Daisy, and Egg Scramble. My main issue is multiple team games in the same show as well as Fall Ball constantly jamming itself in before the final when there is only 9 people and they could easily just start the last round.

But the devs said they are fixing uneven team games so yay.
Agree. The only thing we should be focusing on is improved tail grab mechanics
I agree
[deleted]
    I started hating Team Games when I got called away for something mid-game and came back to find that I had won 3 Team Games in a row. This upset me for two reasons:

1. It proved that Team Games are such RNG that you can literally do nothing and win.

2. It showed that 3 out of the 5 games were team games.
        I sabotage my team games. It’s still a coin flip.
Nah, I hate rng that punishes better players and give bad players wins
    Then this game isn't for you
What is your response then to the get 5 win in a row trophy/achievement? Team games make that almost impossible.
    The obvious response is that it's not intended to be achievable by everyone or even by a significant minority. It's intended to be insanely rare. The lead developer said before the game came out that it's "so insanely hard I don’t think anyone will ever unlock it."

I don't understand this frame of mind people have in which they think all achievements should be obtainable by the average or slightly above average player as long as they put in X amount of hours. Why should this be the case? Why shouldn't there be achievements only a tiny, tiny minority of people have? Because OCD platinum trophy collectors want it to be that way?
        You are correct. Not all trophies are meant to be easy. Ones that are difficult are more rewarding to obtain. The PROBLEM with one's like this, is the amount of RNG required to obtain it. People with higher skill will have a higher chance to obtain it, but at the same time, the most skilled player might never unlock it. People don't seem to understand statistically how lucky you have to be. That is not okay and people who enjoy trying to get all achievements should not have to put up with crap like that. Devs should not have made that trophy in a fun casual game and expect people to be okay with caos bs.
            > but at the same time, the most skilled player might never unlock it.

If they play enough episodes, this is highly likely to not happen due to the [law of large numbers.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_large_numbers)

Once you concede that point, all you're really left to argue against is achievements which require a combination of very high skill and a large sample size.
                Very cool read. I understand. Question though, on average, how many attempts do you think it would take for the best player to win 5 episodes in a row and is that number acceptable to warrant such a task? Take into account dc's in team games, uneven teams, griefers, multiple team games per episode, etc. There are so many random factors.
    [deleted]
        You are ignorant if you think a single person performing above average will compensate for incompetent teammates or multiple decent opponents.
            [deleted]
                If it is meant to be purely fun and silly, there should not be a win 5 episodes achievement.
                    [deleted]
                        "Achievents don't matter" is 100% an opinion. Everyone enjoys games for different reasons. Try and understand both sides. I enjoy the fun, crazy, wackiness that is this game. I also like to collect trophies. The wins 5 games in a row contradicts the casual nature of the game and ruins the experience for people who like collecting.
                            [deleted]
                                I don't like to complain. Check my history. I am a hardcore lurker, but I just don't understand how you people can't comprehend issues just because they don't affect you personally. Enjoy your bubble.
    My response is that focusing on getting achievements in this game is a fool's errand.
        Shouldn't they at least be more plausible to obtain? I would have no problems with team games if that goal did not exist.
            Winning 5 in a row isn't impossible and there are a number of much harder achievements in games. 

The Stanley Parable had one where you had to not play the game for 5 years.
                That is an odd outlyer achievement. Trophy should be skilled based. The 5 wins is possible but so is winning the lottery.
Alright, but *some* team games are still immense bullshit. Team Tail Tag and Hoarders where only the last few seconds matter, and first places gets screwed if there is a tie for last place [why????]. Also don't even get be started on the Egg game where it is the reverse and only the first few seconds matter, because it's insanely hard to get eggs back out of the pit.

As much shit as it gets here, I *love* Fall Ball, especially when playing with a friend so one of us is offense and one is defense. Rock and Roll is kind of ok, but it feels weirdly rigged and much easier if you start in the middle as opposed to on the sides. Jinxed is fun and I wish it showed up more, because it is a mode where you can pop off and really carry your team if you're good at juking.
The game should me more about skill and less about RNG.
    The whole point is that it isn't a skill based game. There are plenty of skill based games out there for you to play
        Why does this game have to be 100% RNG?
            It isn't. But it's not a 100% skill based game either. The rng is intentional to ensure its chaotic nature. That's the main draw of the game
Its a problem when they have a trophy that requires 5 wins in a row.

Sperate the team games into their own playlist and the problem is solved.
    Just add a playlist that only chooses from the Solo Modes. You'd still have the normal one that's in the game now but would have a second one that removes all of the Team ones. "But no, that would divide the players and people wouldn't really play the one with Team Modes." Well, my response to that would be "if it happens shouldn't that be a big hint to them?"
Yeah all the "chaos" I had in that last 4v5 game of Fall Ball was great! /s
    I’ve won countless of fall balls with one less teammate it’s not that hard
team games suck, even when i win i dont enjoy them, and most of the time they are uneven
The normal levels have enough chaos for me. Team based games just a coin flip
no
It’s super fun play as a 4 stack and get into multiple team games in a run. Having the extra coordination is a blast and makes it really easy to get all my friends to the crown round.
They're fun, but I'd limit them to having only one team game an episode. Getting 3 team games in a row makes me want to rip my hair out.
I agree, just not in the semi-finals, they should never be in the semi-finals.
I just dont find those group challenges that fun, and not because they they are in a group. Not to mention they are often unfair. I know its just a lighthearted fun but you still want it to be fair
I’m absolutely fine with the team games, they’re fun, tense and the score can change so quickly, it’s just I hate when the teams are unbalanced, especially the football one, it’s so obvious that the team with one more player is gonna win it.
I love randomness and want more throughout the game, but I still don't really like team games that much. I think many modes should add random dropping fruit or make the rotation of things random directions to change things up.

With that said, I think parties really skew team games. For instance, I play in a party of 4 most of the time and when we are together we win team games nearly every time because when a team of 6 has 4 people who are coordinated on voice chat, it helps so much. If anything, it takes out the randomness of random teammates and gives a huge advantage to one team.

Let me also add that I really don't like that round 1 is always a race, and round 3 is nearly always a team game. I would like to see that changed up sometimes. Like lets go crazy and do hoopsie daisy with 30 v 30. And then when we have 11 left, lets do one of the races for a change. I don't like that there are only a small subset of games you can play when you have 12 people. I think that makes people dislike team games more.
The team games remind me of Survivor. I just think they should go first. Its frustrating to win a level on your own, and then lose due to teammates.
Eh no, solo only queues need to be the very next thing they add
Honestly Fall Ball is the only one I dislike, everything else I find fun.
Agree, when team splits are even.
I just hate having to find another game every other second because everyone on my team doesn't know where the A button is.
Also: team games are a great way for good players to be eliminated. As a mediocre player im therefore really happy with them
The problem is that yellow is almost always solo players
Bunch of crybabies. If the game only relied on skill, only competitive players would have fun. You're absolutely right.
Everyone is always complaining about fall ball but i love that shit even when i lose i can't deny it's not fun
Fk team games. My win rate at solo games is 90% and it drops to like 25% when its a team game. Make team games a separate game mode so i dont have to deal with AFK/idiotic teammates all the time. If u dont agree with this then u are sh1t at the game and u just want to be carried to victory by ur team without doing fk all.
Team games suck. If they want to keep solo players they need to reduce how many there are.
I think most team games are excusable. The worst offenders are Egg Scrambled and Hoarders.

Egg Scrambled it's just so hard to make any come back as too many eggs makes it difficult to stand and jump up. And those also winning can spare more resources to defend their eggs.

Hoarders I really think. 7 balls ruins it as overtime happens a decent amount since 3-2-2 set ups are common and then if you're team is the 3 you have a good chance at losing still.

Fall Ball is fine but any time teams are uneven it just feels horrible to play and I swear this game pops up at least once every two queues so it compounds on the issues.

Otherwise team games are perfectly fine.
op's opinion does not matter.
I think my problem is more than the team games just aren't fun for a variety of reasons.

Egg scramble: The team that starts out in last gets bullied by the two other teams. Nothing you can do to beat that when they do it properly.

Team Tail: Tail mechanics still suck, no one really finds chasing a tail fun.

Ring jump: It's just RNG spread out and hope the ring comes in your area you're patrolling. Nothing really exciting.

Three ball push: Middle team has a distinct advantage that it's much harder to pin their ball against the wall compared to the other two lanes that are easily pushed into the wall. I had this mini game actually go to time because the two remaining teams just kept the balls pinned to the corner.

Fall Ball is the only team game I don't groan at.
    The ring Team Game shouldn't start the match with rings already in place. That gives whatever teams happen to spawn right beside them an advantage that in a lot of matches can't really be beaten. The round should start and then have the rings spawn in.
They are total dog shit. 

The tail one the first 90% of the game doesn't matter because it's not point based.

 Rock and roll I literally just had my entire team run to the end without the ball while already being 1 player down.

 The soccer ones I get put in yellow everytime and they just get stomped into the ground. The 2 times I didnt get put in yellow was 13-0 on fall ball and they had 0 in hoarders.

The Egg game people either don't grab any eggs and all defend with nothing there  or don't defend when they woukd win.

The only one thats not is the hoop one. Also it shouldn't choose team games with uneven numbers
Ok but under this logic you'd have to defend a round where everybody stands in an empty room and then after 4 minutes half the players are randomly selected to be eliminated. There's no way to speed up the clock or affect which half you are in. Or why not just eliminate a quarter of players after a round and force them to have a 5 minute cooldown before they requeue. Thats identical gameflow to getting on a crappy team, the only difference is when you learn your name was drawn to go in the losing team.

The games themselves are fine, getting on a bum team and just having to take the L is one of those things, but saying they're a "core" part of the experience is bunk.

There are games that are about the randomness of crowd dynamics, and games about the randomness of who gets drawn from a hat. Two very different things. One is fun and chaotic, the other is kind of a timewaster.
    Your team is unlikely to be statisitically worse than any other, It's just luck. Which doesn't necessarily make them right, but everyone assumes they're the star player on the team and it's the rest that's the issue.

A good player can influence the team games outcome though which is the difference between that and your examples of pure random selection.
        

>just luck. 

Which is what I was saying.

>A good player can influence the team games outcome 

Thats just not the case in most of them. A player who knows how to play Fall Ball can't overcome having a team who is collectively worse than the other. The outcome was determined ahead of time

Hoopsie Daisy is a good team game, you can affect that a little. Balls and tails though, there's not too much you can really do.
            I think Fall Ball is fun though.

Tails you can influence. Prioritise grabbing tails from the weakest (or second) weakest team since 'not-losing' is the aim of the game more than winning. Or even act as a tailless enforcer protecting one of your teammates by being a grabbly little nuisance on people chasing them.
                Fall Ball is fun. It's still a coin flip too.
Egg scramble is so glitchy and annoying though. Half the time I'm just hoping my character can jump out of the pit with an egg and somehow it doesn't work.
I hate the egg one, i can't even pick up an egg in the first 30 seconds, every time i grab an egg i actually grabbed another player. *every damn time*.
This.

I don't know how many times I have played Fall Ball and have been on the team with 1 less player than the other team.

Fall Ball should not be able to be an option when there is an odd amount of players left
    That's not a guarantee though. We've won two games as the underdog on fall ball now.
        Depends on the numbers. 4v5 fall ball should not happen imho.
            4v5 fallball is easy if you're good
                Ok Ronaldinho. 4v5 is usually the most uneven matchup just because 3 on offense on 2 balls is not enough, and you can't have 4 on offence as 1 small mistake is a free goal.

It's not impossible to win, but it's not a fun matchup.
                If you think starting of with an instant disadvantage is good you are dumb.
                    I didn't say it's good I just said it's easy to overcome. Same thing as a good rocket league player can carry an afk teammate. Obviously the skill cap isn't as high in fall ball but if you can do every kickoff correctly, as well as play well, you'll win more frequently than you lose, even with 4v5.
        I've only won once on fall ball on the team with the lower numbers, out of around ten games, and almost won every game where I'm on the team with more. It either shouldnt be an option, or there should be an ai bean included
        Same. I would rather be on the smaller fall ball team than play some of the other team games where your own performance has so little effect on the outcome.
    This. We had 13 players coming to fall ball. I know it was gonna be 7 to 6 and i was hoping i'd be at the 7 one.

I was wrong. But we made a lucky 2 goals lead and then somehow scored another y and won by 8-1. I swear to god we had this awesome dude who stayed back and was like a super goalie making countless of save.
        if this was like 3-4 days ago, I scored 6 of those 8.  Other team couldnt grasp jump diving the bottom of the ball pops it up over their head.
        Was that earlier today? Because I had a 7 v 6 this morning where the blue team with 6 won exactly 8-1 and I wonder if it was the same game
            It was roughly around 11 hours ago and yes it was the blue team that won! After the fall ball in the end the 6 of us were put into tail tag thing and i lost despite getting the chance to hold the tail with 40 seconds left
                The 11 hours ago definitely lines up but I can't remember if the round I'm talking about went into Fall Mountain or the tail tag thing. This is going to bother me all night lol
        Woah wait a second, were you in a match where there was a golden egg as the ball? I think my friend was in your match, I was spectating him and his team scored once, and the other side scored 8, with one of the balls being a golden egg.
            If you go more than 3 goals down it tends to throw in the golden egg.

Source: I suck at fall ball, golden eggs pretty much every game and American footballs, even got a rugby ball once
    I know how many times this has happened to you. About half. That's how many.
    There shouldn’t be *ANY* team game where one team has more players than another. Absolute laziness that they included it in the game. It’s my biggest peeve about the game tho, so once it’s fixed the game is mostly perfect.
        Laziness is definitely the wrong word. They clearly have the ability to filter out rounds based on player count and avoid team games if the split would be grossly out of line. They more than likely didn't see a major issue with slightly uneven teams. I understand why they would allow uneven teams in a game like this, though I hope they tighten up the team variance.
            There's definitely a major issue in a 5v4 game of Fall Ball. Some of the games with higher player count aren't as big a deal.
            [deleted]
                What about games w/ 3 teams
        It seems like pretty easy coding fix to, isn't it? Can't you just do a Do-While loop?

While number of players is odd, choose randomly between X mini games.

Seems like reallyyyy lazy coding that it wasn't included. That's Computer Science 101 type coding.
            think it's less about lazy coding and more about not thinking that uneven teams are a problem.

personally i don't find it a problem as the nature of the games makes it easily winable even with 1 less perosn, but some people are waaaaaay to competetive for their own good and like to throw blame on everyone but themselves.
                I'd argue the nature of SOME of the games make it winnable with one less player, mainly Fall Ball and Rock n Roll. Tail Grab's unfairness is slightly offset by the fact that there's 4 teams but that game has its own problems. Hoarders and Egg Scramble are hell as the team with less players.
    I've been on the team with less players exactly 2 times. Every other time the teams were even or I was on the "better" team. I win about 60% of even games, 50% on advantage, and so for 0% on disadvantage.
I think the ring is fine. The one I hate is the grab the tail one because it makes no sense to play for 70% of the time, it only matters what happens at the end
    I would like the tail grab one more if the time was shorter. like you said, it doesn't matter until the end, so if it's a quick scramble for tails but long enough so that tails can get moved around from the people who started with them it would be a lot more fun.
    My biggest issue with the tail grab one is that it seems like every time I grab a tail they are able to immediately take it back. I think that if someone takes your tail there needs to be like a 3 second timer until you can take it back, or you fall down when you lose your tail or something.
        > you fall down when you lose your tail or something.

Fantastic idea
            Doesn't this already happen? I feel like I get stumbled whenever my tail is taken.
                Its inconsistent but it does happen at least most of the time for me.

Funnily (not really cause it ticks me off) enough, you stumble/fall over whenever someone is using McDonald's wifi and steals your tail from 5 feet away so even trying to turn around to yoink it back is prevented and they already have the lead on you because of course.
    I hate the ring one the most because I always do personally great at it but my team loses by 15+.

At least with fall ball, or the one where you roll the ball I can make more of an individual impact. 

Half the time I get the rings I feel like I’m doing awesome only to see how far behind we are and just stop wasting my effort.
        True about that do great part but at least it makes sense as a team game, the bundle of individuals didn't do well enough. The tail is just stupid and is actually the same where you can do great only to lose
            I also hate the tail game mostly because of how inconsistent the grab is. 

I’d actually really enjoy team games in a separate playlist where we can win/lose as a team. It’s just a bummer that despite the gaming having 1 single winner at the end, you’re still forced to team up with people you’re competing against who can actually cause you to lose. 

Of course that’s probably just me taking a silly game too seriously. I’m mostly bitter at all the potential crowns I’ve lost being placed on a crappy team right before the final
                Every time I’ve won a crown, I’ve been eliminated the next episode during a team game
            One thing I think could help take out the sting a bit is either having it that players on the losing team can still qualify if they personally grabbed a large number of rings or you get a bonus to your points based on the number of rings you grabbed. Though, if such a solution was added, it might lead to players competing with their own team so their personal score is better, so it might be better not to do such a thing.
        whaat? you're not playing hoopsie daisy well, then. you can defin carry your team on that game.
            I mean it’s a decent sized area and I can only be at one place at a time. I typically try to distance myself and have a section of the map where I can do laps to consistently get rings and avoid chasing rings that other people are fighting over. 

I feel like if my team total is 19 rings and I got 15 of them then I’m more than doing my part to carry
    If we could make it so teammates can't steal your tail, that'd be neat too. I had an entire round where I lost my tail 5 times and 4 of them were to teammates who immediately gifted the tail to the opponents.
    I've seen people on here propose that scoring should be based on how long a team has held a tail for so you have more incentives to play for the whole round. I think I prefer that change too, but the tails would have to spawn in a neutral zone like on Eggs.
        Problem with that is games will get to a point where even if you have the tail for the remainder of the match it's not possible to win. Then it's just a bunch of beans sitting around or quitting.
        If it's even teams like it should be, every team can spawn with the same number of tails on random players and it would be okay. I do think it should be about how well you can control the tails rather than just the number you have at the end. I also wish they would implement that for Royal Fumble too. I had the golden tail for almost the entire round yesterday evening in the finals and it was stolen from me with the clock at 0:01. The guy who got it absolutely earned it with his tricky play, but I was still quite salty at getting denied when I outplayed everyone for the full duration of the match minus one second.
            If they did it in Royal Fumble then the game could be over halfway through, and then there’s nothing to play for. Maybe that’s considered a “clinching” scenario. 

I think a good approach is the tail starts in the middle, relatively equidistant from everyone, and the first one to accumulate, say 30 seconds wins. That way you’re never really out of it.
                Good point. Rather than accumulating points as the timer runs down, just make it a flat "Hold the tail for 30 seconds to win". You could be at 29 seconds and get it stolen and it would still feel fair. Plus, there's still incentive for people to somewhat work together. If someone is about to win, other beans might just hold them back if they are about to steal, which could be a fun dynamic that you don't usually see in the finals.
What's wrong with the ring one? Feel like its one of the best. Probably has the most room for a single good player to positively impact their team's performance.
    Do you just run around all the time? I've tried running around and also camping an area but I just don't seem to be in the right spot at the right time to get many rings
        There is certainly a lot of luck involved in getting near rings. But you can be observant, see where rings are that no one is going to, and also figure stuff like "pretty good chance a ring will spawn around the hill in the back by the time I run up there".
Yea I think that's a huge problem, shouldn't have team games in the pool if the teams would be uneven.
    [deleted]
        Lol people complain enough.
Yup. I have my personal dislike (egg one) but as a whole - when the player counts are even - team games are solid and break up the flow. 

They're especially great for playing with friends imo. I prefer to sink or swim with my party members vs one of us getting eliminated round two and having to sit back and watch the rest of us for 10 minutes. A team game in round 2 or 3 helps a ton.
    Eggs are easy once you realize the best thing you can do is grab 3-4 at the start and then just defend as long as your ahead, its physically impossible for someone to make it out if there are 3 beans in the pit blocking the jump, granted a lucky throw/fumble can bounce the egg up and over but if your ever up by like 10 points from the lowest team just defend hard.
        It honestly has more to do with me just not liking the controls or gameplay flow. I've won 15-20 episodes and have a pretty solid grasp on the overall game physics and such - but still can't do much other than stumble around and get combo-grabbed in egg scramble. Out of ~100 attempts I think I've successfully stolen an egg like 2-3 times. I spend 75% of the game picking up eggs and instantly getting them knocked out of my hands. It just feels really clunky imo.

It's totally a me problem. Not hating on anyone who enjoys it :p
            Do this next time, you got an egg, someone grabs you, let go of your egg so you throw it forward, bonus if your team is aware enough that you can pass it to them.  But if a grab ends you kinda fumble the egg, if you let go its a forward pass.  Im still not 100% on the physics as sometimes it feels like I just drop the egg but it works more then it dosnt.
                Thanks friend :)
    Yeah, some of the team games go a lot better with actual teamwork. 

The egg one I think is the best for that. Two or three people working together can completely screw over one team by emptying their nest. 

Grab egg, jump then dive to yeet it out. Who cares which team grabs it after that. The goal is to not come last.
        The problem with the egg game is that it always ends up 2v1 and it's completely impossible to beat twice as many opponents. In many cases the game is effectively over after 20 seconds and then you're just going through the motions.
The ring one is easy, you just gotta pick a corner as your corner and do the rings as they come.
hoopsie daisy? that's one of the best team levels imo it's super fun and you can actually have a big impact on the score.
Whaaaat. Hoopsie Daisy is my favourite :c
For real. I get a 9 man round 4, we play fall ball. I get a 12 man round 4, we play Tiptoe.
I agree with this, but even so based on my experience it doesn't seem to affect the outcome as much as I thought it would have. I play with friends so we're somewhat coordinated in games like fall ball or roll out though, so that may have something to do with it.

I also think fall ball should never be played with more than 6 v 6. When it's any more than that nobody ever scores any goals and it's not as fun. That's a very minor issue though, and obviously it's just my opinion.
    >it doesn't seem to affect the outcome as much as I thought it would have.

Actually you're right about this. I did lose a game where we had the numbers advantage. It does come down to player skill in the end
        Player skill can always overcome disadvantages.  But the problem is if there are two equally skilled teams then the team with 20% fewer players will almost always lose and that is not fun for either side.
Even numbers i agree but a solo game mode i feel like the elitists will all go there and normal game mode will be seen as the normie game mode. We don't need absolute competition chaos is fun.
I think hoarders is a bit bland and could use a few obstacles like the spinny hammers in egg scramble. Just something so it isn't running around in a mostly flat space with balls.
Do team games actually get created with uneven sides? Or is it players dropping before the round starts?
I think the ring one would be better without golden rings. Bad rng on golden rings can put you from first to last.
As long as number of player is even I can stand any team game. The whole point is to make the best player still get some early round loses and the worst player can still sometimes get to round 3-4. Even when I hate the shit out of tail grab and its wifi grab.
This and one more thing:

Change the display of team colors. Every player should see their own team in color A (for example red, yellow or blue) and the other teams should have randomized colors for every player.

This is desperately needed since already there is a "fk the blue team" meta evolving and it just makes sense, the way it is, that a meta of sorts will develop. There is literally no downside for Yellow and Red to always go only after blue in a team game to make sure that both teams can't los. This way, team games become a pure lottery - if you get into blue team and even only a few players of red and yellow play the "fk blue team" meta, you will lose....

Randomizing team colors for every player solves this problem. Only people who enter a game as a group should see the same colors, so it doesn't get confusing...
    only ever heard of the "fk yellow team" meta
This isn't difficult. 

If (player.count() % 2)
Gamelist = 2teamgames

Else if (player.count() % 3)
Gamelist = 3teamgames

Else
Literally anything else not team based

edit: are you really downvoting me because you don't know programming?
I think Fall Ball could be really great if the physics were tighter. It feels like the only consistent hit I can get on a ball is if I’m hitting it from the drop after a goal is scored. Every other time it feels a bit like I’ve passed thru part of the ball and then it sorta just shrugs off me.
    Yea I agree its really difficult to get the ball to go anywhere. Makes it kind of unsatisfying to get a clean hit on the ball.
        Yeah that’s for sure the worst part. It just feels so off. Like diving into the ball should hit it way harder but it feels like nothing happens. If they fix those issues it would make the game way better.
            Pretty sure if your internet connection is good then it feels all over the place and terrible like this, because you aren't seeing the laggy players actions properly
    I think this may be related to the tail hitbox/latency problem, because there have been several times where I was sure I hit the ball properly but it either barely reacts or I essentially go through it. Compared to Rocket League it feels far more random. So frustrating when I felt I timed it perfectly but then the ball will do a quick double bounce as it tries to decide if I or the opponent hit the ball first.
    PlayStation or PC? I just played on PlayStation at a buddy's and it is way different than PC, but I was hoping that was because he was on a wireless connection and not because its just terrible on console.
        PS4. And I’m on a wired connection. Are the physics better on PC?
            Damn maybe it is the console. Yeah when I play on PC even with a controller everything is much smoother. I felt like on ps4 the guy would jump a bit after I pressed the jump button and the balls on fall ball were glitching and not smoothly being hit or moving while being pushed. Definitely not the case in all my games on PC.
                what I realized that’s weird as well is that the physics (that you’d think would be the same) work much better on that hoarders game with the volleyball looking balls.
                Input lag can be caused by the tv not being on game mode
                    Im pretty sure it was on game mode it felt more like lag because the dive wasnt delayed or at least not as noticeable. Also,  is there no way to rebind buttons on console? Same with the rumble but thats probably in system settings I hope.
            They are pretty shit on PC as well.
[deleted]
    Yea like car soccer without the cars.
    Agreed, most people are too bad at it to realize how good of a game it is.
I always lose at fall ball but I will always defend it as a game mode. When you work together with randoms you form a bond
I don't mind Fall Ball as an actual game. (I actually kinda like it).... I just hate uneven teams because it means most likely the team with less players is most likely going to lose. Really the only team game I really hate is the Jynx one. Even the tails ones I'm ok with I just think they last too long.
    Fall Ball I don't even mind that much for uneven teams if the total number is fairly high. 8 v 9 is not too bad, but 4 v 5 you can really feel being down a person.
Until it's 4 vs 4 Fall Ball and you already know it's going to be a 4 person Royal Rumble finale.

I've damn near quit out of Fall Ball while winning because Royal Rumble is so terrible and I'd rather not endure Royal Rumble at all. There is nothing fun about that finale, it should be entirely removed from the finale rotation.
    Tail tag really only makes sense as a free-for-all middle round game. Has no place as a team game because there is no teamwork involved, and no place as a finale because none of it matters until the last 30 seconds or so.
I like Fall Ball, just because if we win, I know exactly how bad everyone I'm still competing against sucks.
Yea those platforms are janky, and not in a good way.
    [deleted]
        [deleted]
            You can throw them out from the lower platforms though. If they made it easier to take it would be way to easy to gang on a team.
> Egg scramble needs to be adjusted a little bit to make getting out of the nests easier.

Swear to God, the first round of Scramble I played, I said "these stupid nest platforms need to be turned into RAMPS."

That would solve the problem quite elegantly.
    [deleted]
        It would avoid the janky jump-dash'ing everyone is doing when they realize it's difficult as hell to jump the two platforms.
Is this a joke? Defense is practically impossible on Egg scramble. People can throw the eggs right out from the bottom floor and it's almost impossible to block. The problem with Egg scramble is rather that it always becomes a 2v1 where two teams both attack the weakest team and just completely empty the nest. Since there's not really a way to win 1v2 it's often over in 20 seconds.
    Ah egg nest, capitalism simulator
    Most games of egg scramble I've played in nobody ever throws the eggs out from the bottom. I guess it's a relatively unknown technique.
Camera angles are a huge mess in the nest.
[Deleted]
I'm constantly the best player on my time and sick of afk teammates and trolls helping the other team, didn't realize I just suck at it.
    [deleted]
        Oh geeze I'm just so amped how do I settle down!?! 

Lol ok
            [deleted]
                At this point I have to ask if this cringe is unironic or not it's getting pathetic lol
That trophy should be removed altogether. It's a very try hard trophy. It could be substituted with a 2 wins in a row (back to back). That way there wouldn't be such a lot of tryharders
    I know it's achievable, I subscribe to somebody on YouTube who has [video evidence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RLMH92o17s&t=13m48s) of this, but with the existence of team games and certain games that are heavily RNG-dependant like Hoopsie Daisy or your starting line placement in races, as well as bugs like falling through the floor on Hex-A-Gone, climbing onto the crown on Fall Mountain or the player with the tail leaving Royal Fumble so everybody runs around doing nothing for 2 minutes and then one of the remaining players wins at random...Especially considering that **every finale game has a game-ruining bug**, it doesn't feel like a fair request on the developer's part (sorry) and is bound to cause a lot of salty 4-stacks and toxicity, even for a game with no voice chat.

Heck, some people have already achieved this trophy due to server issues without having achieved the goal, it just unlocked for them upon logging in; IMO the integrity of the trophy has already been compromised. One could also argue about beta players having an advantage and this trophy becoming infinitely more difficult to obtain now that people are getting better at games like Slime Climb and Hex-A-Gone. That said, I reckon there will still be plenty of backlash if they do make it easier to obtain.

Two in a row I feel is still too easy; I think 3 wins in a row is perfectly reasonable and still worth bragging about. It's worth noting that there is a precedent for trophies being updated in circumstances like these: https://www.playstationtrophies.org/forum/6058044-post2.html

I'm personally not going to make a big fuss about this (I realize I just wrote a lot about this, it's a habit of mine), but I would respect the decision to reduce the "win 5 Episodes in a row" trophy by 1-2. An alternative idea would be 5 wins in a single session without exiting the game.
        4-stacks?
            Four player parties; my point was that a lot of full parties are likely going to engage in griefing.
This is exactly why
I love randomness and chaos
Yeah, just have 1 round with teams. And remove anything involving tails until the latency is fixed.
As a trophy hunter (somewhat new) I only feel sad about the 5 wins in a row trophy, because the chances of winning are so random.

Great trophy, but I wish it wasn't required for platinum, that's all.

Other than that, I don't mind losing. It's fun regardless!
I would go so far as to say that there should be more team games as to weed out the hardcore bean bois. If you are frustrated by this not being an esport go play something else.
    I don’t want this to be an esport, but when you literally get screwed by team games for most of the day and you just want a certain skin from the shop it’s really annoying, I want to be able to enjoy losing, if I lose in a game of fortnite for example I honestly don’t get angry in the slightest and most of the time I do laugh at the chaos that caused it, but that’s only because by not winning I don’t lose anything, by not winning in fall guys I lose the chance to get a skin i really want for an unknown (probably long) amount of time before it’s brought back
        I'm going to give you some life advice. Don't get attached to having limited skins in video games. It will severely hamper your enjoyment of any game.
            I know but I’m just saying, having skins on a timer that can only be bought through a currency earned by winning games WILL make any game competitive
    Maybe people just honestly don't like them and alienating that group isn't a great idea. I don't care if I win, but team games just are not fun for me. The egg and hoop ones are the only ones I think are decent.

I'm not out here trying to win every game abd be the greatest fall guy in the world. Some of the maps I just don't like.

Or make the team games 1st and 2nd round only. More people in them is way more fun and it would let the bad players get through more rounds than See saw or whirlygig do.
    If you want a game of pure rng go play dice. Maybe consider trying to get better instead of begging to be spoon fed wins
        I'll have you know I eat my cereal without milk while whipping ass at dark souls with the dk bongos and I don't need to be spoon fed anything.
        not every game has to be hyper-competitive. fall guys isn't an e-sport, it's a casual multiplayer game. go play rocket league or something if that's what you want
    I would like more randomness in the Final round games. The Hex-A-Gone is pretty skill based
        Why?  Final games should be the "ultimate" test of skill.  It sounds like you're just going against the people who want the game to be hyper competitive by suggesting the polar opposite.  Neither side is good though.
        [deleted]
            Yeah because with so much suggested randomness, there comes a point where you might as well just set up a roulette wheel and give the win to whoever the ball lands on.
                I’m not advocating for it, but I do think it’s silly how people are getting very upset over this game. My wording was a bit harsh, I admit, but I enjoy the game warts and all.
    It's not about making it an "e-sport" it's about fairness and having a fair chance every game. Team games are RNG no matter how skillful you are at this game and ruin a lot of the fun when you are told to win but given a random reliance on others instead of improving your own ability at the game.

Being frustrated at potatoes is fair considering they are equally responsible for your qualification. Telling people to go play something else doesn't help.
The best part is that when you lose, you can just blame your team for once instead of having to wrestle with your own inadequacy!
    As a toxic League of Legends player, this isn't anything new to me
We seem to be the majority. It just sounds like the other part rushes more often to reddit to whine about the game.
I think what makes me upset about Team Games is I thought that Fall Guys was mostly an obstacle course chain game with a few misc mini-games, but I feel I barely get the obstacle courses and usually get the team games instead...

I wanted Silly Ninja Warrior, not "If I grief my team, people on twitch.tv will laugh" simulator.
    Fall Guys is probably gonna open the door for a fluid, control platforming based Battle Royale and I'm HERE for it when that day comes.
        I want a gritty and dark fallguys clone with realistic graphics. Not because i think itd be good, but because i wanna see how they execute something like this. ^  ^
    There's so many mini games I've only played once or twice because I have to play team tail tag or fall ball every episode. I don't mind team games, but at least make them a little more uncommon.
        I feel that. For me it's like 2-3 team games every episode. I personally think there should only be a team game on part 2 or part 4. No other times, and only one of those two spots. I understanding the appeal of team games from a design stance in that they naturally and easily thin the herd, but when it happens too much, it's just obnoxious.
            I really wish the algorithm would make only one team game happen per episode. Every episode I played last night featured both team tail tag and fall ball. If there's an odd number of us, just send us to tip toe or a finale.
    **I found links in your comment that were not hyperlinked:**

* [twitch.tv](https://twitch.tv)

*I did the honors for you.*

***

^[delete](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fu%2FLinkifyBot&subject=delete%20g14ius3&message=Click%20the%20send%20button%20to%20delete%20the%20false%20positive.) ^| ^[information](https://np.reddit.com/u/LinkifyBot/comments/gkkf7p) ^| ^<3
There are teams on survivor my g
Shoot even at 1000 upvotes, that is a TINY fraction of the player base.  The steam +1 if you hate teams thread is sitting at a couple hundred.  In no way should a developer ever take an internet discussion as the gospel truth about overall player satisfaction.
People are generally in favor of this game.  I love this game but all tail related game modes and Jinxed can go straight to hell.  They’re awful and the basis of team games is to push along bad players that otherwise wouldn’t make it to later stages (as stated by a dev).
    Is that true? That's bad if that is the reason for team games. How can one improve themselves if you wing through RNG? They should do a separate playlist for team games for people who are bad to play.
        Someone downvoted you which is bullshit but yeah it was mentioned it gives newer or less experienced players and opportunity to get pushed into later rounds.  I still don’t see what good that does at large because if you aren’t particularly good at the games you probably won’t win on skill based games like Hex A Gone
            Ah people get annoyed at player choices for some reason or annoyed at people who rather skill over luck. The whole reasoning behind team games is really stupid IMO and yeah you're totally correct, if you're bad at the game you will lose eventually anyways as the finale is always a solo game.

I think that adding in team finales where multiple people win, would make sense in terms of trying to get people who aren't good to earn wins.

In my 32 wins, most of the shows I have won have not consisted of a team game/games. The majority of my disqualifications are in team games. It's super frustrating because you are trying to improve your ability at the game but team games impede on this.
The beauty of the game is not having total control of the outcome. Not having control allows fun to take over
    > Not having control allows fun to take over

I agree and disagree. 

Not being in control of something can be incredibly frustrating, especially in a game like this if you feel you and your mates are on a good run. Like there are some games where we genuinely groan at having to do them, I wouldn't call that fun. 

At the same time though, this is something that every player faces. Nobody is in control. Some games you win some, some games you lose some. This helps make it easier because it essentially feels like "what comes around goes around". The same can be applied with Royal Fumble, some games I'll get dicked over by the hitbox lag, other times I benefit from it. It balances out enough that despite being annoying, it's something you get over pretty quickly.

Essentially, if you win it's fun, if you lose it's the worst game ever (until you're back to round 1 a minute later).
        Door dash is the embodiment of this game imo. Random as fuck, doesn't matter how good you are you can still get caught in a pile and take 3 tries to clear a doorway, and there is the element of skill and strategy needed to overcome the crowds.

Team games dont really hit that for me personally.
            Spot on. There's a lot of randomness but it's still relatively in your control. Like you can easily make it through to the next round 9/10 by hanging back a tad so you're always able to run towards a door that's just been knocked down. 

But of course, where's the fun in that when I could have the satisfaction of breaking down a door or smacking into it? That to me is the definition of fun, because it's in my control whether I go for it or hang back and play it strategically.
            Exactly, there are good AND bad forms of RNG.  People keep trying to argue in favor of RNG just because they don't want the game to be hyper competitive, and neither do I, but I also don't want it to be a complete luck-based clusterfuck where one game will have such a high chance of eliminating you for something out of your control.

Door Dash and the other races are still fun cause you can still come back after making multiple mistakes.  But something like Fall Mountain?  You've pretty much already lost if you didn't spawn in the front row, and that's complete chance.
    [deleted]
        Well the game advocates you to win (crowns) to get stuff in the store and to win 5 in a row. It's frustrating to be on your 4th win streak and lose to a team game where you're paired with potatoes.
    The only one I really have an issue with is fall ball but that's only because it can be easy to get caught on the cycle of the ball been hit out of the air on respawn straight back into the goal.
        Fall ball would be great as a second round game. 20v20 or whatever.

When it's five of you on a team it's just boring. And it would eliminate that person who just stands there after they go down 1 from making a difference in the outcome.
            Yea that would work a lot better actually.
        [deleted]
            That's a legit Pro tip that never crossed my mind.
        except theres a skill to that too. i was practicing it in a blowout.
Is this the point we’re at now? This level of entitlement? I don’t mind the game as it is because I get a lot of wins but to essentially punish the most dedicated players for being the most dedicated is stupid. Randomness to an extent isn’t bad, but this game should have a level of skill in the platforming and strategy that spectated the good from the bad.
    Good lord you're getting sweaty about jelly beans racing through obstacle courses
        Sorry I actively try to get better to win I guess. Not everyone lazily wants to be handed free wins like you
Some, what?
    I was being laconic with my response.

My point is that you can do everything correctly as an individual member of your "team" and still lose quite handily because no one else was performing adequately.

For a "BR" game that ultimately concludes with only one victor, that's a helluva kick in the taint.


Edit: wow, great downvote. Let's not allow people to post opinions we disagree with, huh?
where's he getting that info from? Even on their official discord server, nearly every suggestion/feedback is to get rid of/revamp the team and tail games
    Interesting discussions here!
[From the FAQs pinned post]

“For a bit of context, we feel like team games were important for a few reasons.

1.	⁠The vast majority of players in our playtests enjoy them! It can seem like most players hate them when you go onto forums but the online community tends to represent a loud, very competitive, but ultimately small community. We have to make sure we balance this feedback with the unspoken majority too, and so we have analytics that will be tracking things like quit rates etc. that we'll be using to make decisions around things like this.”

Essentially the online community including discord, Reddit, etc. represents a smaller much more competitive group compared to the general population of this game.
        Not to be pedantic but he’s talking about a community of testers/people close to the game.  That’s like me attesting my group of 7 friends I’ve played with (non-reddit users) not liking team games (specifically Jinxed) means people actually dislike team games.

At least we can probably all agree that they’re divisive and a perhaps 40% like them, 40% hate them, and the remaining 20% is indifferent.
[deleted]
    I think it's because most people will only post if they have reasons to complain and reddit is where people can always find a community for the thing they have a complaint about. Some people do make posts in praise but most people are lazy like me and rarely post
Ummm....winning already allows people to access items and such from the shop for Crowns. So the game already rewards the people that win more.  Also, the "Well, it just helps the weaker players etc etc" excuse just admits the Team Games are in to add a cheap BS level of RNG that isn't needed. At the end of the day there can be 1 winner. You can't win as a team so why force people to play those modes if they don't want to?
    Because it’s about keeping an engaged audience. You make your game skill ceiling too high, or the casual feels they never will have a chance of winning crowns, the game dies quickly. The company are here to make money as well as offering a fun game, the smaller that audience gets the less money they make.

Why do you thinking fighting game communities are so small, because the skill ceiling for casuals online is too high for most. So what have developers done, they’ve dumbed their games downs to help appeal to those players to keep them engaged. The difference is, big money sponsorships and tournaments rely on players knowing skill outweighs ‘noob mechanics’.

If this game became ‘pro’ level, then RNG needs to be minimised, but not at the level the game is at the moment.

And my point about rewards is that casual players want to feel like they have a chance of earning those awards which are going to need them to win more crowns than they will get with the standard playing unlocks. If I don’t feel like I’m ever going to have a chance to win a reward, but incentive to play decreases.
I literally win every time Im yellow, lose 90% of the time Im bue, and 50/50 red.
[deleted]
    Hoarders is essentially a Brownian motion simulator. I'm not convinced anything I do can affect the outcome.
        Even if you have 4 balls the whole time somehow you'll end up with 0 the last second lmao
It isnt out of your control. Youre a player on that team. There are strategies that can work in your favour. I win the vast majority of my team games with my strategies.
Yeah. I've been for a separate Solo Modes only way of playing from the start. I don't care if I win. I just don't want the reason I never even have a chance to be "Congrats, You made it to Round 4 so here's an uneven game of Fall Ball, go f\*k yourself."
    The "go fck yourself" moments are part of the charm to me. It adds to the chaos of the game and makes wins more of an adrenaline rush.
My only complaint with the three tail tag games is the grabbing netcode problems, especially in royal fumble when someone 10 feet away from you can grab it and win. Once they fix that it'll be much more fun
    Yes, that is super frustrating. Needing to be right up the ass of someone to get their tail vs they can grab you from 4 ft away feels really annoying and unfun.
Memory match is the best chance for sabotage. I usually eliminate at least 1 or 2 people.
> taking this game WAY too seriously

The whole purpose of the game is to have fun. For some people, fun comes from the competitive element. Just because someone doesn't like those games doesn't mean they're taking the game too seriously, it just means for them it ruins the fun.

If I'm having a laugh fucking about with my mate, are we taking the game too seriously if we groan at having to do a team game? I don't think so, we just don't like doing them sometimes because it takes away the fun of the solo challenge and trying to one-up each other.

I see why people like them, I see why people hate them. End of the day different people find the fun in the game in a different way and that's completely fine.
You mean like 99% of the time? Hell, even when the teams should be even the game somehow screw that up. For example, 'Hey, here's Hoarders with 33 Players. But One team is going to have 12 players for some reason and another will have 10." Brilliant.
Then don't play it. If randomness and chaos aren't for you, then this game isn't for you
The shooting is the thing I like least about Call of Duty.  Guess what? I don''t play Call of Duty.
    Yet I find the game fun, and that' because the randomness element aren't core they're just tacked onto a solid game that would be better without most of them

/u/jacojerb
One person can easily win the game.

Do those “troll” actions to the enemy. You will be surprised at how effective you can be
Stealing your own teams tail in tail-tag is not even a troll move. It doesnt change the score at all. 

Everybody pushing the rock is probably worse than 3-4 pushing it, so one person not doing it is no biggee. 

Own-goaling in soccer or actively sabotaging Hoarders are probably the worst you can do ... but in 22 wins Ive seen people scoring on their own goal in soccer twice and id bet money that one of those times it was someone too dumb to understand he was shooting at the wrong goal. 

This level of trolling simply is NOT happening, at least on PS4.
    No, no. Stealing a teammates tail isn't a troll move. But I said stealing it then just standing in front of someone else. It's real easy to give tails away. 

And it's not a matter of not pushing the rock, you can run ahead and push against the team. Sure you won't stop them, but all you need to do is slow them down enough so the other team can get ahead. If you get even a little far ahead by the drop it's near impossible to stop. 

Hitting your own goal is probably the hardest thing, but it's not hard to play defense for the other team and help keep your team from scoring. 

Now, you say this level of trolling isn't happening, but how close are you watching your team? You can't tell me you've NEVER had a teammate take your tail or "accidentally" grab you in egg scramble. Cause I've had that happen EVERY time. It's easy to overlook it as someone making a mistake or just ignore it cause yo're having fun
I don't care if I lose. I know I'm not a good enough player to constantly win. I would just much rather only have to blame myself if I lose and not be eliminated because the rest of my team decided to just grief and throw the match. Where is the "fun" in that? The game can be just as chaotic and fun if those modes were made optional.
    Spot on. If I lose, I want it to be because I fucked up, not because I was put into a shit team that is completely random, or because I was put into a team game without even players.

People say "but it means more chance of people winning!", does it really? Chances are if people rely on team games to get to a further round, then they likely won't do good in a later solo round anyway, or they simply wouldn't really care about winning. The randomness doesn't really benefit anyone.

> The game can be just as chaotic and fun if those modes were made optional.

Unfortunately the problem with outright removing team games and having them as a separate mode is that it splits the fanbase. What then happens if the lobby involving team games gets less players? Do they just leave those maps there to die or do they get added back to circulation?

I do think there should be a team games only mode, for parties of 4 people to compete in as a team, but that's different to completely removing an entire element of the game and potentially fracturing the fanbase.
Pandy also wants a panda skin
I started hating Team Games when I got called away for something mid-game and came back to find that I had won 3 Team Games in a row. This upset me for two reasons:

1. It proved that Team Games are such RNG that you can literally do nothing and win.

2. It showed that 3 out of the 5 games were team games.
    I sabotage my team games. It’s still a coin flip.
Then this game isn't for you
The obvious response is that it's not intended to be achievable by everyone or even by a significant minority. It's intended to be insanely rare. The lead developer said before the game came out that it's "so insanely hard I don’t think anyone will ever unlock it."

I don't understand this frame of mind people have in which they think all achievements should be obtainable by the average or slightly above average player as long as they put in X amount of hours. Why should this be the case? Why shouldn't there be achievements only a tiny, tiny minority of people have? Because OCD platinum trophy collectors want it to be that way?
    You are correct. Not all trophies are meant to be easy. Ones that are difficult are more rewarding to obtain. The PROBLEM with one's like this, is the amount of RNG required to obtain it. People with higher skill will have a higher chance to obtain it, but at the same time, the most skilled player might never unlock it. People don't seem to understand statistically how lucky you have to be. That is not okay and people who enjoy trying to get all achievements should not have to put up with crap like that. Devs should not have made that trophy in a fun casual game and expect people to be okay with caos bs.
        > but at the same time, the most skilled player might never unlock it.

If they play enough episodes, this is highly likely to not happen due to the [law of large numbers.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_large_numbers)

Once you concede that point, all you're really left to argue against is achievements which require a combination of very high skill and a large sample size.
            Very cool read. I understand. Question though, on average, how many attempts do you think it would take for the best player to win 5 episodes in a row and is that number acceptable to warrant such a task? Take into account dc's in team games, uneven teams, griefers, multiple team games per episode, etc. There are so many random factors.
[deleted]
    You are ignorant if you think a single person performing above average will compensate for incompetent teammates or multiple decent opponents.
        [deleted]
            If it is meant to be purely fun and silly, there should not be a win 5 episodes achievement.
                [deleted]
                    "Achievents don't matter" is 100% an opinion. Everyone enjoys games for different reasons. Try and understand both sides. I enjoy the fun, crazy, wackiness that is this game. I also like to collect trophies. The wins 5 games in a row contradicts the casual nature of the game and ruins the experience for people who like collecting.
                        [deleted]
                            I don't like to complain. Check my history. I am a hardcore lurker, but I just don't understand how you people can't comprehend issues just because they don't affect you personally. Enjoy your bubble.
My response is that focusing on getting achievements in this game is a fool's errand.
    Shouldn't they at least be more plausible to obtain? I would have no problems with team games if that goal did not exist.
        Winning 5 in a row isn't impossible and there are a number of much harder achievements in games. 

The Stanley Parable had one where you had to not play the game for 5 years.
            That is an odd outlyer achievement. Trophy should be skilled based. The 5 wins is possible but so is winning the lottery.
The whole point is that it isn't a skill based game. There are plenty of skill based games out there for you to play
    Why does this game have to be 100% RNG?
        It isn't. But it's not a 100% skill based game either. The rng is intentional to ensure its chaotic nature. That's the main draw of the game
Just add a playlist that only chooses from the Solo Modes. You'd still have the normal one that's in the game now but would have a second one that removes all of the Team ones. "But no, that would divide the players and people wouldn't really play the one with Team Modes." Well, my response to that would be "if it happens shouldn't that be a big hint to them?"
I’ve won countless of fall balls with one less teammate it’s not that hard
The ring Team Game shouldn't start the match with rings already in place. That gives whatever teams happen to spawn right beside them an advantage that in a lot of matches can't really be beaten. The round should start and then have the rings spawn in.
Your team is unlikely to be statisitically worse than any other, It's just luck. Which doesn't necessarily make them right, but everyone assumes they're the star player on the team and it's the rest that's the issue.

A good player can influence the team games outcome though which is the difference between that and your examples of pure random selection.
    

>just luck. 

Which is what I was saying.

>A good player can influence the team games outcome 

Thats just not the case in most of them. A player who knows how to play Fall Ball can't overcome having a team who is collectively worse than the other. The outcome was determined ahead of time

Hoopsie Daisy is a good team game, you can affect that a little. Balls and tails though, there's not too much you can really do.
        I think Fall Ball is fun though.

Tails you can influence. Prioritise grabbing tails from the weakest (or second) weakest team since 'not-losing' is the aim of the game more than winning. Or even act as a tailless enforcer protecting one of your teammates by being a grabbly little nuisance on people chasing them.
            Fall Ball is fun. It's still a coin flip too.
That's not a guarantee though. We've won two games as the underdog on fall ball now.
    Depends on the numbers. 4v5 fall ball should not happen imho.
        4v5 fallball is easy if you're good
            Ok Ronaldinho. 4v5 is usually the most uneven matchup just because 3 on offense on 2 balls is not enough, and you can't have 4 on offence as 1 small mistake is a free goal.

It's not impossible to win, but it's not a fun matchup.
            If you think starting of with an instant disadvantage is good you are dumb.
                I didn't say it's good I just said it's easy to overcome. Same thing as a good rocket league player can carry an afk teammate. Obviously the skill cap isn't as high in fall ball but if you can do every kickoff correctly, as well as play well, you'll win more frequently than you lose, even with 4v5.
    I've only won once on fall ball on the team with the lower numbers, out of around ten games, and almost won every game where I'm on the team with more. It either shouldnt be an option, or there should be an ai bean included
    Same. I would rather be on the smaller fall ball team than play some of the other team games where your own performance has so little effect on the outcome.
This. We had 13 players coming to fall ball. I know it was gonna be 7 to 6 and i was hoping i'd be at the 7 one.

I was wrong. But we made a lucky 2 goals lead and then somehow scored another y and won by 8-1. I swear to god we had this awesome dude who stayed back and was like a super goalie making countless of save.
    if this was like 3-4 days ago, I scored 6 of those 8.  Other team couldnt grasp jump diving the bottom of the ball pops it up over their head.
    Was that earlier today? Because I had a 7 v 6 this morning where the blue team with 6 won exactly 8-1 and I wonder if it was the same game
        It was roughly around 11 hours ago and yes it was the blue team that won! After the fall ball in the end the 6 of us were put into tail tag thing and i lost despite getting the chance to hold the tail with 40 seconds left
            The 11 hours ago definitely lines up but I can't remember if the round I'm talking about went into Fall Mountain or the tail tag thing. This is going to bother me all night lol
    Woah wait a second, were you in a match where there was a golden egg as the ball? I think my friend was in your match, I was spectating him and his team scored once, and the other side scored 8, with one of the balls being a golden egg.
        If you go more than 3 goals down it tends to throw in the golden egg.

Source: I suck at fall ball, golden eggs pretty much every game and American footballs, even got a rugby ball once
I know how many times this has happened to you. About half. That's how many.
There shouldn’t be *ANY* team game where one team has more players than another. Absolute laziness that they included it in the game. It’s my biggest peeve about the game tho, so once it’s fixed the game is mostly perfect.
    Laziness is definitely the wrong word. They clearly have the ability to filter out rounds based on player count and avoid team games if the split would be grossly out of line. They more than likely didn't see a major issue with slightly uneven teams. I understand why they would allow uneven teams in a game like this, though I hope they tighten up the team variance.
        There's definitely a major issue in a 5v4 game of Fall Ball. Some of the games with higher player count aren't as big a deal.
        [deleted]
            What about games w/ 3 teams
    It seems like pretty easy coding fix to, isn't it? Can't you just do a Do-While loop?

While number of players is odd, choose randomly between X mini games.

Seems like reallyyyy lazy coding that it wasn't included. That's Computer Science 101 type coding.
        think it's less about lazy coding and more about not thinking that uneven teams are a problem.

personally i don't find it a problem as the nature of the games makes it easily winable even with 1 less perosn, but some people are waaaaaay to competetive for their own good and like to throw blame on everyone but themselves.
            I'd argue the nature of SOME of the games make it winnable with one less player, mainly Fall Ball and Rock n Roll. Tail Grab's unfairness is slightly offset by the fact that there's 4 teams but that game has its own problems. Hoarders and Egg Scramble are hell as the team with less players.
I've been on the team with less players exactly 2 times. Every other time the teams were even or I was on the "better" team. I win about 60% of even games, 50% on advantage, and so for 0% on disadvantage.
I would like the tail grab one more if the time was shorter. like you said, it doesn't matter until the end, so if it's a quick scramble for tails but long enough so that tails can get moved around from the people who started with them it would be a lot more fun.
My biggest issue with the tail grab one is that it seems like every time I grab a tail they are able to immediately take it back. I think that if someone takes your tail there needs to be like a 3 second timer until you can take it back, or you fall down when you lose your tail or something.
    > you fall down when you lose your tail or something.

Fantastic idea
        Doesn't this already happen? I feel like I get stumbled whenever my tail is taken.
            Its inconsistent but it does happen at least most of the time for me.

Funnily (not really cause it ticks me off) enough, you stumble/fall over whenever someone is using McDonald's wifi and steals your tail from 5 feet away so even trying to turn around to yoink it back is prevented and they already have the lead on you because of course.
I hate the ring one the most because I always do personally great at it but my team loses by 15+.

At least with fall ball, or the one where you roll the ball I can make more of an individual impact. 

Half the time I get the rings I feel like I’m doing awesome only to see how far behind we are and just stop wasting my effort.
    True about that do great part but at least it makes sense as a team game, the bundle of individuals didn't do well enough. The tail is just stupid and is actually the same where you can do great only to lose
        I also hate the tail game mostly because of how inconsistent the grab is. 

I’d actually really enjoy team games in a separate playlist where we can win/lose as a team. It’s just a bummer that despite the gaming having 1 single winner at the end, you’re still forced to team up with people you’re competing against who can actually cause you to lose. 

Of course that’s probably just me taking a silly game too seriously. I’m mostly bitter at all the potential crowns I’ve lost being placed on a crappy team right before the final
            Every time I’ve won a crown, I’ve been eliminated the next episode during a team game
        One thing I think could help take out the sting a bit is either having it that players on the losing team can still qualify if they personally grabbed a large number of rings or you get a bonus to your points based on the number of rings you grabbed. Though, if such a solution was added, it might lead to players competing with their own team so their personal score is better, so it might be better not to do such a thing.
    whaat? you're not playing hoopsie daisy well, then. you can defin carry your team on that game.
        I mean it’s a decent sized area and I can only be at one place at a time. I typically try to distance myself and have a section of the map where I can do laps to consistently get rings and avoid chasing rings that other people are fighting over. 

I feel like if my team total is 19 rings and I got 15 of them then I’m more than doing my part to carry
If we could make it so teammates can't steal your tail, that'd be neat too. I had an entire round where I lost my tail 5 times and 4 of them were to teammates who immediately gifted the tail to the opponents.
I've seen people on here propose that scoring should be based on how long a team has held a tail for so you have more incentives to play for the whole round. I think I prefer that change too, but the tails would have to spawn in a neutral zone like on Eggs.
    Problem with that is games will get to a point where even if you have the tail for the remainder of the match it's not possible to win. Then it's just a bunch of beans sitting around or quitting.
    If it's even teams like it should be, every team can spawn with the same number of tails on random players and it would be okay. I do think it should be about how well you can control the tails rather than just the number you have at the end. I also wish they would implement that for Royal Fumble too. I had the golden tail for almost the entire round yesterday evening in the finals and it was stolen from me with the clock at 0:01. The guy who got it absolutely earned it with his tricky play, but I was still quite salty at getting denied when I outplayed everyone for the full duration of the match minus one second.
        If they did it in Royal Fumble then the game could be over halfway through, and then there’s nothing to play for. Maybe that’s considered a “clinching” scenario. 

I think a good approach is the tail starts in the middle, relatively equidistant from everyone, and the first one to accumulate, say 30 seconds wins. That way you’re never really out of it.
            Good point. Rather than accumulating points as the timer runs down, just make it a flat "Hold the tail for 30 seconds to win". You could be at 29 seconds and get it stolen and it would still feel fair. Plus, there's still incentive for people to somewhat work together. If someone is about to win, other beans might just hold them back if they are about to steal, which could be a fun dynamic that you don't usually see in the finals.
Do you just run around all the time? I've tried running around and also camping an area but I just don't seem to be in the right spot at the right time to get many rings
    There is certainly a lot of luck involved in getting near rings. But you can be observant, see where rings are that no one is going to, and also figure stuff like "pretty good chance a ring will spawn around the hill in the back by the time I run up there".
[deleted]
    Lol people complain enough.
Eggs are easy once you realize the best thing you can do is grab 3-4 at the start and then just defend as long as your ahead, its physically impossible for someone to make it out if there are 3 beans in the pit blocking the jump, granted a lucky throw/fumble can bounce the egg up and over but if your ever up by like 10 points from the lowest team just defend hard.
    It honestly has more to do with me just not liking the controls or gameplay flow. I've won 15-20 episodes and have a pretty solid grasp on the overall game physics and such - but still can't do much other than stumble around and get combo-grabbed in egg scramble. Out of ~100 attempts I think I've successfully stolen an egg like 2-3 times. I spend 75% of the game picking up eggs and instantly getting them knocked out of my hands. It just feels really clunky imo.

It's totally a me problem. Not hating on anyone who enjoys it :p
        Do this next time, you got an egg, someone grabs you, let go of your egg so you throw it forward, bonus if your team is aware enough that you can pass it to them.  But if a grab ends you kinda fumble the egg, if you let go its a forward pass.  Im still not 100% on the physics as sometimes it feels like I just drop the egg but it works more then it dosnt.
            Thanks friend :)
Yeah, some of the team games go a lot better with actual teamwork. 

The egg one I think is the best for that. Two or three people working together can completely screw over one team by emptying their nest. 

Grab egg, jump then dive to yeet it out. Who cares which team grabs it after that. The goal is to not come last.
    The problem with the egg game is that it always ends up 2v1 and it's completely impossible to beat twice as many opponents. In many cases the game is effectively over after 20 seconds and then you're just going through the motions.
>it doesn't seem to affect the outcome as much as I thought it would have.

Actually you're right about this. I did lose a game where we had the numbers advantage. It does come down to player skill in the end
    Player skill can always overcome disadvantages.  But the problem is if there are two equally skilled teams then the team with 20% fewer players will almost always lose and that is not fun for either side.
only ever heard of the "fk yellow team" meta
Yea I agree its really difficult to get the ball to go anywhere. Makes it kind of unsatisfying to get a clean hit on the ball.
    Yeah that’s for sure the worst part. It just feels so off. Like diving into the ball should hit it way harder but it feels like nothing happens. If they fix those issues it would make the game way better.
        Pretty sure if your internet connection is good then it feels all over the place and terrible like this, because you aren't seeing the laggy players actions properly
I think this may be related to the tail hitbox/latency problem, because there have been several times where I was sure I hit the ball properly but it either barely reacts or I essentially go through it. Compared to Rocket League it feels far more random. So frustrating when I felt I timed it perfectly but then the ball will do a quick double bounce as it tries to decide if I or the opponent hit the ball first.
PlayStation or PC? I just played on PlayStation at a buddy's and it is way different than PC, but I was hoping that was because he was on a wireless connection and not because its just terrible on console.
    PS4. And I’m on a wired connection. Are the physics better on PC?
        Damn maybe it is the console. Yeah when I play on PC even with a controller everything is much smoother. I felt like on ps4 the guy would jump a bit after I pressed the jump button and the balls on fall ball were glitching and not smoothly being hit or moving while being pushed. Definitely not the case in all my games on PC.
            what I realized that’s weird as well is that the physics (that you’d think would be the same) work much better on that hoarders game with the volleyball looking balls.
            Input lag can be caused by the tv not being on game mode
                Im pretty sure it was on game mode it felt more like lag because the dive wasnt delayed or at least not as noticeable. Also,  is there no way to rebind buttons on console? Same with the rumble but thats probably in system settings I hope.
        They are pretty shit on PC as well.
Yea like car soccer without the cars.
Agreed, most people are too bad at it to realize how good of a game it is.
Fall Ball I don't even mind that much for uneven teams if the total number is fairly high. 8 v 9 is not too bad, but 4 v 5 you can really feel being down a person.
Tail tag really only makes sense as a free-for-all middle round game. Has no place as a team game because there is no teamwork involved, and no place as a finale because none of it matters until the last 30 seconds or so.
[deleted]
    [deleted]
        You can throw them out from the lower platforms though. If they made it easier to take it would be way to easy to gang on a team.
[deleted]
    It would avoid the janky jump-dash'ing everyone is doing when they realize it's difficult as hell to jump the two platforms.
Ah egg nest, capitalism simulator
Most games of egg scramble I've played in nobody ever throws the eggs out from the bottom. I guess it's a relatively unknown technique.
[deleted]
    Oh geeze I'm just so amped how do I settle down!?! 

Lol ok
        [deleted]
            At this point I have to ask if this cringe is unironic or not it's getting pathetic lol
I know it's achievable, I subscribe to somebody on YouTube who has [video evidence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RLMH92o17s&t=13m48s) of this, but with the existence of team games and certain games that are heavily RNG-dependant like Hoopsie Daisy or your starting line placement in races, as well as bugs like falling through the floor on Hex-A-Gone, climbing onto the crown on Fall Mountain or the player with the tail leaving Royal Fumble so everybody runs around doing nothing for 2 minutes and then one of the remaining players wins at random...Especially considering that **every finale game has a game-ruining bug**, it doesn't feel like a fair request on the developer's part (sorry) and is bound to cause a lot of salty 4-stacks and toxicity, even for a game with no voice chat.

Heck, some people have already achieved this trophy due to server issues without having achieved the goal, it just unlocked for them upon logging in; IMO the integrity of the trophy has already been compromised. One could also argue about beta players having an advantage and this trophy becoming infinitely more difficult to obtain now that people are getting better at games like Slime Climb and Hex-A-Gone. That said, I reckon there will still be plenty of backlash if they do make it easier to obtain.

Two in a row I feel is still too easy; I think 3 wins in a row is perfectly reasonable and still worth bragging about. It's worth noting that there is a precedent for trophies being updated in circumstances like these: https://www.playstationtrophies.org/forum/6058044-post2.html

I'm personally not going to make a big fuss about this (I realize I just wrote a lot about this, it's a habit of mine), but I would respect the decision to reduce the "win 5 Episodes in a row" trophy by 1-2. An alternative idea would be 5 wins in a single session without exiting the game.
    4-stacks?
        Four player parties; my point was that a lot of full parties are likely going to engage in griefing.
I don’t want this to be an esport, but when you literally get screwed by team games for most of the day and you just want a certain skin from the shop it’s really annoying, I want to be able to enjoy losing, if I lose in a game of fortnite for example I honestly don’t get angry in the slightest and most of the time I do laugh at the chaos that caused it, but that’s only because by not winning I don’t lose anything, by not winning in fall guys I lose the chance to get a skin i really want for an unknown (probably long) amount of time before it’s brought back
    I'm going to give you some life advice. Don't get attached to having limited skins in video games. It will severely hamper your enjoyment of any game.
        I know but I’m just saying, having skins on a timer that can only be bought through a currency earned by winning games WILL make any game competitive
Maybe people just honestly don't like them and alienating that group isn't a great idea. I don't care if I win, but team games just are not fun for me. The egg and hoop ones are the only ones I think are decent.

I'm not out here trying to win every game abd be the greatest fall guy in the world. Some of the maps I just don't like.

Or make the team games 1st and 2nd round only. More people in them is way more fun and it would let the bad players get through more rounds than See saw or whirlygig do.
If you want a game of pure rng go play dice. Maybe consider trying to get better instead of begging to be spoon fed wins
    I'll have you know I eat my cereal without milk while whipping ass at dark souls with the dk bongos and I don't need to be spoon fed anything.
    not every game has to be hyper-competitive. fall guys isn't an e-sport, it's a casual multiplayer game. go play rocket league or something if that's what you want
I would like more randomness in the Final round games. The Hex-A-Gone is pretty skill based
    Why?  Final games should be the "ultimate" test of skill.  It sounds like you're just going against the people who want the game to be hyper competitive by suggesting the polar opposite.  Neither side is good though.
    [deleted]
        Yeah because with so much suggested randomness, there comes a point where you might as well just set up a roulette wheel and give the win to whoever the ball lands on.
            I’m not advocating for it, but I do think it’s silly how people are getting very upset over this game. My wording was a bit harsh, I admit, but I enjoy the game warts and all.
It's not about making it an "e-sport" it's about fairness and having a fair chance every game. Team games are RNG no matter how skillful you are at this game and ruin a lot of the fun when you are told to win but given a random reliance on others instead of improving your own ability at the game.

Being frustrated at potatoes is fair considering they are equally responsible for your qualification. Telling people to go play something else doesn't help.
As a toxic League of Legends player, this isn't anything new to me
Fall Guys is probably gonna open the door for a fluid, control platforming based Battle Royale and I'm HERE for it when that day comes.
    I want a gritty and dark fallguys clone with realistic graphics. Not because i think itd be good, but because i wanna see how they execute something like this. ^  ^
There's so many mini games I've only played once or twice because I have to play team tail tag or fall ball every episode. I don't mind team games, but at least make them a little more uncommon.
    I feel that. For me it's like 2-3 team games every episode. I personally think there should only be a team game on part 2 or part 4. No other times, and only one of those two spots. I understanding the appeal of team games from a design stance in that they naturally and easily thin the herd, but when it happens too much, it's just obnoxious.
        I really wish the algorithm would make only one team game happen per episode. Every episode I played last night featured both team tail tag and fall ball. If there's an odd number of us, just send us to tip toe or a finale.
**I found links in your comment that were not hyperlinked:**

* [twitch.tv](https://twitch.tv)

*I did the honors for you.*

***

^[delete](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fu%2FLinkifyBot&subject=delete%20g14ius3&message=Click%20the%20send%20button%20to%20delete%20the%20false%20positive.) ^| ^[information](https://np.reddit.com/u/LinkifyBot/comments/gkkf7p) ^| ^<3
Is that true? That's bad if that is the reason for team games. How can one improve themselves if you wing through RNG? They should do a separate playlist for team games for people who are bad to play.
    Someone downvoted you which is bullshit but yeah it was mentioned it gives newer or less experienced players and opportunity to get pushed into later rounds.  I still don’t see what good that does at large because if you aren’t particularly good at the games you probably won’t win on skill based games like Hex A Gone
        Ah people get annoyed at player choices for some reason or annoyed at people who rather skill over luck. The whole reasoning behind team games is really stupid IMO and yeah you're totally correct, if you're bad at the game you will lose eventually anyways as the finale is always a solo game.

I think that adding in team finales where multiple people win, would make sense in terms of trying to get people who aren't good to earn wins.

In my 32 wins, most of the shows I have won have not consisted of a team game/games. The majority of my disqualifications are in team games. It's super frustrating because you are trying to improve your ability at the game but team games impede on this.
> Not having control allows fun to take over

I agree and disagree. 

Not being in control of something can be incredibly frustrating, especially in a game like this if you feel you and your mates are on a good run. Like there are some games where we genuinely groan at having to do them, I wouldn't call that fun. 

At the same time though, this is something that every player faces. Nobody is in control. Some games you win some, some games you lose some. This helps make it easier because it essentially feels like "what comes around goes around". The same can be applied with Royal Fumble, some games I'll get dicked over by the hitbox lag, other times I benefit from it. It balances out enough that despite being annoying, it's something you get over pretty quickly.

Essentially, if you win it's fun, if you lose it's the worst game ever (until you're back to round 1 a minute later).
    Door dash is the embodiment of this game imo. Random as fuck, doesn't matter how good you are you can still get caught in a pile and take 3 tries to clear a doorway, and there is the element of skill and strategy needed to overcome the crowds.

Team games dont really hit that for me personally.
        Spot on. There's a lot of randomness but it's still relatively in your control. Like you can easily make it through to the next round 9/10 by hanging back a tad so you're always able to run towards a door that's just been knocked down. 

But of course, where's the fun in that when I could have the satisfaction of breaking down a door or smacking into it? That to me is the definition of fun, because it's in my control whether I go for it or hang back and play it strategically.
        Exactly, there are good AND bad forms of RNG.  People keep trying to argue in favor of RNG just because they don't want the game to be hyper competitive, and neither do I, but I also don't want it to be a complete luck-based clusterfuck where one game will have such a high chance of eliminating you for something out of your control.

Door Dash and the other races are still fun cause you can still come back after making multiple mistakes.  But something like Fall Mountain?  You've pretty much already lost if you didn't spawn in the front row, and that's complete chance.
[deleted]
    Well the game advocates you to win (crowns) to get stuff in the store and to win 5 in a row. It's frustrating to be on your 4th win streak and lose to a team game where you're paired with potatoes.
The only one I really have an issue with is fall ball but that's only because it can be easy to get caught on the cycle of the ball been hit out of the air on respawn straight back into the goal.
    Fall ball would be great as a second round game. 20v20 or whatever.

When it's five of you on a team it's just boring. And it would eliminate that person who just stands there after they go down 1 from making a difference in the outcome.
        Yea that would work a lot better actually.
    [deleted]
        That's a legit Pro tip that never crossed my mind.
    except theres a skill to that too. i was practicing it in a blowout.
Good lord you're getting sweaty about jelly beans racing through obstacle courses
    Sorry I actively try to get better to win I guess. Not everyone lazily wants to be handed free wins like you
I was being laconic with my response.

My point is that you can do everything correctly as an individual member of your "team" and still lose quite handily because no one else was performing adequately.

For a "BR" game that ultimately concludes with only one victor, that's a helluva kick in the taint.


Edit: wow, great downvote. Let's not allow people to post opinions we disagree with, huh?
Interesting discussions here!
[From the FAQs pinned post]

“For a bit of context, we feel like team games were important for a few reasons.

1.	⁠The vast majority of players in our playtests enjoy them! It can seem like most players hate them when you go onto forums but the online community tends to represent a loud, very competitive, but ultimately small community. We have to make sure we balance this feedback with the unspoken majority too, and so we have analytics that will be tracking things like quit rates etc. that we'll be using to make decisions around things like this.”

Essentially the online community including discord, Reddit, etc. represents a smaller much more competitive group compared to the general population of this game.
    Not to be pedantic but he’s talking about a community of testers/people close to the game.  That’s like me attesting my group of 7 friends I’ve played with (non-reddit users) not liking team games (specifically Jinxed) means people actually dislike team games.

At least we can probably all agree that they’re divisive and a perhaps 40% like them, 40% hate them, and the remaining 20% is indifferent.
I think it's because most people will only post if they have reasons to complain and reddit is where people can always find a community for the thing they have a complaint about. Some people do make posts in praise but most people are lazy like me and rarely post
Because it’s about keeping an engaged audience. You make your game skill ceiling too high, or the casual feels they never will have a chance of winning crowns, the game dies quickly. The company are here to make money as well as offering a fun game, the smaller that audience gets the less money they make.

Why do you thinking fighting game communities are so small, because the skill ceiling for casuals online is too high for most. So what have developers done, they’ve dumbed their games downs to help appeal to those players to keep them engaged. The difference is, big money sponsorships and tournaments rely on players knowing skill outweighs ‘noob mechanics’.

If this game became ‘pro’ level, then RNG needs to be minimised, but not at the level the game is at the moment.

And my point about rewards is that casual players want to feel like they have a chance of earning those awards which are going to need them to win more crowns than they will get with the standard playing unlocks. If I don’t feel like I’m ever going to have a chance to win a reward, but incentive to play decreases.
Hoarders is essentially a Brownian motion simulator. I'm not convinced anything I do can affect the outcome.
    Even if you have 4 balls the whole time somehow you'll end up with 0 the last second lmao
The "go fck yourself" moments are part of the charm to me. It adds to the chaos of the game and makes wins more of an adrenaline rush.
Yes, that is super frustrating. Needing to be right up the ass of someone to get their tail vs they can grab you from 4 ft away feels really annoying and unfun.
Yet I find the game fun, and that' because the randomness element aren't core they're just tacked onto a solid game that would be better without most of them

/u/jacojerb
No, no. Stealing a teammates tail isn't a troll move. But I said stealing it then just standing in front of someone else. It's real easy to give tails away. 

And it's not a matter of not pushing the rock, you can run ahead and push against the team. Sure you won't stop them, but all you need to do is slow them down enough so the other team can get ahead. If you get even a little far ahead by the drop it's near impossible to stop. 

Hitting your own goal is probably the hardest thing, but it's not hard to play defense for the other team and help keep your team from scoring. 

Now, you say this level of trolling isn't happening, but how close are you watching your team? You can't tell me you've NEVER had a teammate take your tail or "accidentally" grab you in egg scramble. Cause I've had that happen EVERY time. It's easy to overlook it as someone making a mistake or just ignore it cause yo're having fun
Spot on. If I lose, I want it to be because I fucked up, not because I was put into a shit team that is completely random, or because I was put into a team game without even players.

People say "but it means more chance of people winning!", does it really? Chances are if people rely on team games to get to a further round, then they likely won't do good in a later solo round anyway, or they simply wouldn't really care about winning. The randomness doesn't really benefit anyone.

> The game can be just as chaotic and fun if those modes were made optional.

Unfortunately the problem with outright removing team games and having them as a separate mode is that it splits the fanbase. What then happens if the lobby involving team games gets less players? Do they just leave those maps there to die or do they get added back to circulation?

I do think there should be a team games only mode, for parties of 4 people to compete in as a team, but that's different to completely removing an entire element of the game and potentially fracturing the fanbase.
I sabotage my team games. It’s still a coin flip.
You are correct. Not all trophies are meant to be easy. Ones that are difficult are more rewarding to obtain. The PROBLEM with one's like this, is the amount of RNG required to obtain it. People with higher skill will have a higher chance to obtain it, but at the same time, the most skilled player might never unlock it. People don't seem to understand statistically how lucky you have to be. That is not okay and people who enjoy trying to get all achievements should not have to put up with crap like that. Devs should not have made that trophy in a fun casual game and expect people to be okay with caos bs.
    > but at the same time, the most skilled player might never unlock it.

If they play enough episodes, this is highly likely to not happen due to the [law of large numbers.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_large_numbers)

Once you concede that point, all you're really left to argue against is achievements which require a combination of very high skill and a large sample size.
        Very cool read. I understand. Question though, on average, how many attempts do you think it would take for the best player to win 5 episodes in a row and is that number acceptable to warrant such a task? Take into account dc's in team games, uneven teams, griefers, multiple team games per episode, etc. There are so many random factors.
You are ignorant if you think a single person performing above average will compensate for incompetent teammates or multiple decent opponents.
    [deleted]
        If it is meant to be purely fun and silly, there should not be a win 5 episodes achievement.
            [deleted]
                "Achievents don't matter" is 100% an opinion. Everyone enjoys games for different reasons. Try and understand both sides. I enjoy the fun, crazy, wackiness that is this game. I also like to collect trophies. The wins 5 games in a row contradicts the casual nature of the game and ruins the experience for people who like collecting.
                    [deleted]
                        I don't like to complain. Check my history. I am a hardcore lurker, but I just don't understand how you people can't comprehend issues just because they don't affect you personally. Enjoy your bubble.
Shouldn't they at least be more plausible to obtain? I would have no problems with team games if that goal did not exist.
    Winning 5 in a row isn't impossible and there are a number of much harder achievements in games. 

The Stanley Parable had one where you had to not play the game for 5 years.
        That is an odd outlyer achievement. Trophy should be skilled based. The 5 wins is possible but so is winning the lottery.
Why does this game have to be 100% RNG?
    It isn't. But it's not a 100% skill based game either. The rng is intentional to ensure its chaotic nature. That's the main draw of the game


>just luck. 

Which is what I was saying.

>A good player can influence the team games outcome 

Thats just not the case in most of them. A player who knows how to play Fall Ball can't overcome having a team who is collectively worse than the other. The outcome was determined ahead of time

Hoopsie Daisy is a good team game, you can affect that a little. Balls and tails though, there's not too much you can really do.
    I think Fall Ball is fun though.

Tails you can influence. Prioritise grabbing tails from the weakest (or second) weakest team since 'not-losing' is the aim of the game more than winning. Or even act as a tailless enforcer protecting one of your teammates by being a grabbly little nuisance on people chasing them.
        Fall Ball is fun. It's still a coin flip too.
Depends on the numbers. 4v5 fall ball should not happen imho.
    4v5 fallball is easy if you're good
        Ok Ronaldinho. 4v5 is usually the most uneven matchup just because 3 on offense on 2 balls is not enough, and you can't have 4 on offence as 1 small mistake is a free goal.

It's not impossible to win, but it's not a fun matchup.
        If you think starting of with an instant disadvantage is good you are dumb.
            I didn't say it's good I just said it's easy to overcome. Same thing as a good rocket league player can carry an afk teammate. Obviously the skill cap isn't as high in fall ball but if you can do every kickoff correctly, as well as play well, you'll win more frequently than you lose, even with 4v5.
I've only won once on fall ball on the team with the lower numbers, out of around ten games, and almost won every game where I'm on the team with more. It either shouldnt be an option, or there should be an ai bean included
Same. I would rather be on the smaller fall ball team than play some of the other team games where your own performance has so little effect on the outcome.
if this was like 3-4 days ago, I scored 6 of those 8.  Other team couldnt grasp jump diving the bottom of the ball pops it up over their head.
Was that earlier today? Because I had a 7 v 6 this morning where the blue team with 6 won exactly 8-1 and I wonder if it was the same game
    It was roughly around 11 hours ago and yes it was the blue team that won! After the fall ball in the end the 6 of us were put into tail tag thing and i lost despite getting the chance to hold the tail with 40 seconds left
        The 11 hours ago definitely lines up but I can't remember if the round I'm talking about went into Fall Mountain or the tail tag thing. This is going to bother me all night lol
Woah wait a second, were you in a match where there was a golden egg as the ball? I think my friend was in your match, I was spectating him and his team scored once, and the other side scored 8, with one of the balls being a golden egg.
    If you go more than 3 goals down it tends to throw in the golden egg.

Source: I suck at fall ball, golden eggs pretty much every game and American footballs, even got a rugby ball once
Laziness is definitely the wrong word. They clearly have the ability to filter out rounds based on player count and avoid team games if the split would be grossly out of line. They more than likely didn't see a major issue with slightly uneven teams. I understand why they would allow uneven teams in a game like this, though I hope they tighten up the team variance.
    There's definitely a major issue in a 5v4 game of Fall Ball. Some of the games with higher player count aren't as big a deal.
    [deleted]
        What about games w/ 3 teams
It seems like pretty easy coding fix to, isn't it? Can't you just do a Do-While loop?

While number of players is odd, choose randomly between X mini games.

Seems like reallyyyy lazy coding that it wasn't included. That's Computer Science 101 type coding.
    think it's less about lazy coding and more about not thinking that uneven teams are a problem.

personally i don't find it a problem as the nature of the games makes it easily winable even with 1 less perosn, but some people are waaaaaay to competetive for their own good and like to throw blame on everyone but themselves.
        I'd argue the nature of SOME of the games make it winnable with one less player, mainly Fall Ball and Rock n Roll. Tail Grab's unfairness is slightly offset by the fact that there's 4 teams but that game has its own problems. Hoarders and Egg Scramble are hell as the team with less players.
> you fall down when you lose your tail or something.

Fantastic idea
    Doesn't this already happen? I feel like I get stumbled whenever my tail is taken.
        Its inconsistent but it does happen at least most of the time for me.

Funnily (not really cause it ticks me off) enough, you stumble/fall over whenever someone is using McDonald's wifi and steals your tail from 5 feet away so even trying to turn around to yoink it back is prevented and they already have the lead on you because of course.
True about that do great part but at least it makes sense as a team game, the bundle of individuals didn't do well enough. The tail is just stupid and is actually the same where you can do great only to lose
    I also hate the tail game mostly because of how inconsistent the grab is. 

I’d actually really enjoy team games in a separate playlist where we can win/lose as a team. It’s just a bummer that despite the gaming having 1 single winner at the end, you’re still forced to team up with people you’re competing against who can actually cause you to lose. 

Of course that’s probably just me taking a silly game too seriously. I’m mostly bitter at all the potential crowns I’ve lost being placed on a crappy team right before the final
        Every time I’ve won a crown, I’ve been eliminated the next episode during a team game
    One thing I think could help take out the sting a bit is either having it that players on the losing team can still qualify if they personally grabbed a large number of rings or you get a bonus to your points based on the number of rings you grabbed. Though, if such a solution was added, it might lead to players competing with their own team so their personal score is better, so it might be better not to do such a thing.
whaat? you're not playing hoopsie daisy well, then. you can defin carry your team on that game.
    I mean it’s a decent sized area and I can only be at one place at a time. I typically try to distance myself and have a section of the map where I can do laps to consistently get rings and avoid chasing rings that other people are fighting over. 

I feel like if my team total is 19 rings and I got 15 of them then I’m more than doing my part to carry
Problem with that is games will get to a point where even if you have the tail for the remainder of the match it's not possible to win. Then it's just a bunch of beans sitting around or quitting.
If it's even teams like it should be, every team can spawn with the same number of tails on random players and it would be okay. I do think it should be about how well you can control the tails rather than just the number you have at the end. I also wish they would implement that for Royal Fumble too. I had the golden tail for almost the entire round yesterday evening in the finals and it was stolen from me with the clock at 0:01. The guy who got it absolutely earned it with his tricky play, but I was still quite salty at getting denied when I outplayed everyone for the full duration of the match minus one second.
    If they did it in Royal Fumble then the game could be over halfway through, and then there’s nothing to play for. Maybe that’s considered a “clinching” scenario. 

I think a good approach is the tail starts in the middle, relatively equidistant from everyone, and the first one to accumulate, say 30 seconds wins. That way you’re never really out of it.
        Good point. Rather than accumulating points as the timer runs down, just make it a flat "Hold the tail for 30 seconds to win". You could be at 29 seconds and get it stolen and it would still feel fair. Plus, there's still incentive for people to somewhat work together. If someone is about to win, other beans might just hold them back if they are about to steal, which could be a fun dynamic that you don't usually see in the finals.
There is certainly a lot of luck involved in getting near rings. But you can be observant, see where rings are that no one is going to, and also figure stuff like "pretty good chance a ring will spawn around the hill in the back by the time I run up there".
Lol people complain enough.
It honestly has more to do with me just not liking the controls or gameplay flow. I've won 15-20 episodes and have a pretty solid grasp on the overall game physics and such - but still can't do much other than stumble around and get combo-grabbed in egg scramble. Out of ~100 attempts I think I've successfully stolen an egg like 2-3 times. I spend 75% of the game picking up eggs and instantly getting them knocked out of my hands. It just feels really clunky imo.

It's totally a me problem. Not hating on anyone who enjoys it :p
    Do this next time, you got an egg, someone grabs you, let go of your egg so you throw it forward, bonus if your team is aware enough that you can pass it to them.  But if a grab ends you kinda fumble the egg, if you let go its a forward pass.  Im still not 100% on the physics as sometimes it feels like I just drop the egg but it works more then it dosnt.
        Thanks friend :)
The problem with the egg game is that it always ends up 2v1 and it's completely impossible to beat twice as many opponents. In many cases the game is effectively over after 20 seconds and then you're just going through the motions.
Player skill can always overcome disadvantages.  But the problem is if there are two equally skilled teams then the team with 20% fewer players will almost always lose and that is not fun for either side.
Yeah that’s for sure the worst part. It just feels so off. Like diving into the ball should hit it way harder but it feels like nothing happens. If they fix those issues it would make the game way better.
    Pretty sure if your internet connection is good then it feels all over the place and terrible like this, because you aren't seeing the laggy players actions properly
PS4. And I’m on a wired connection. Are the physics better on PC?
    Damn maybe it is the console. Yeah when I play on PC even with a controller everything is much smoother. I felt like on ps4 the guy would jump a bit after I pressed the jump button and the balls on fall ball were glitching and not smoothly being hit or moving while being pushed. Definitely not the case in all my games on PC.
        what I realized that’s weird as well is that the physics (that you’d think would be the same) work much better on that hoarders game with the volleyball looking balls.
        Input lag can be caused by the tv not being on game mode
            Im pretty sure it was on game mode it felt more like lag because the dive wasnt delayed or at least not as noticeable. Also,  is there no way to rebind buttons on console? Same with the rumble but thats probably in system settings I hope.
    They are pretty shit on PC as well.
[deleted]
    You can throw them out from the lower platforms though. If they made it easier to take it would be way to easy to gang on a team.
It would avoid the janky jump-dash'ing everyone is doing when they realize it's difficult as hell to jump the two platforms.
Oh geeze I'm just so amped how do I settle down!?! 

Lol ok
    [deleted]
        At this point I have to ask if this cringe is unironic or not it's getting pathetic lol
4-stacks?
    Four player parties; my point was that a lot of full parties are likely going to engage in griefing.
I'm going to give you some life advice. Don't get attached to having limited skins in video games. It will severely hamper your enjoyment of any game.
    I know but I’m just saying, having skins on a timer that can only be bought through a currency earned by winning games WILL make any game competitive
I'll have you know I eat my cereal without milk while whipping ass at dark souls with the dk bongos and I don't need to be spoon fed anything.
not every game has to be hyper-competitive. fall guys isn't an e-sport, it's a casual multiplayer game. go play rocket league or something if that's what you want
Why?  Final games should be the "ultimate" test of skill.  It sounds like you're just going against the people who want the game to be hyper competitive by suggesting the polar opposite.  Neither side is good though.
[deleted]
    Yeah because with so much suggested randomness, there comes a point where you might as well just set up a roulette wheel and give the win to whoever the ball lands on.
        I’m not advocating for it, but I do think it’s silly how people are getting very upset over this game. My wording was a bit harsh, I admit, but I enjoy the game warts and all.
I want a gritty and dark fallguys clone with realistic graphics. Not because i think itd be good, but because i wanna see how they execute something like this. ^  ^
I feel that. For me it's like 2-3 team games every episode. I personally think there should only be a team game on part 2 or part 4. No other times, and only one of those two spots. I understanding the appeal of team games from a design stance in that they naturally and easily thin the herd, but when it happens too much, it's just obnoxious.
    I really wish the algorithm would make only one team game happen per episode. Every episode I played last night featured both team tail tag and fall ball. If there's an odd number of us, just send us to tip toe or a finale.
Someone downvoted you which is bullshit but yeah it was mentioned it gives newer or less experienced players and opportunity to get pushed into later rounds.  I still don’t see what good that does at large because if you aren’t particularly good at the games you probably won’t win on skill based games like Hex A Gone
    Ah people get annoyed at player choices for some reason or annoyed at people who rather skill over luck. The whole reasoning behind team games is really stupid IMO and yeah you're totally correct, if you're bad at the game you will lose eventually anyways as the finale is always a solo game.

I think that adding in team finales where multiple people win, would make sense in terms of trying to get people who aren't good to earn wins.

In my 32 wins, most of the shows I have won have not consisted of a team game/games. The majority of my disqualifications are in team games. It's super frustrating because you are trying to improve your ability at the game but team games impede on this.
Door dash is the embodiment of this game imo. Random as fuck, doesn't matter how good you are you can still get caught in a pile and take 3 tries to clear a doorway, and there is the element of skill and strategy needed to overcome the crowds.

Team games dont really hit that for me personally.
    Spot on. There's a lot of randomness but it's still relatively in your control. Like you can easily make it through to the next round 9/10 by hanging back a tad so you're always able to run towards a door that's just been knocked down. 

But of course, where's the fun in that when I could have the satisfaction of breaking down a door or smacking into it? That to me is the definition of fun, because it's in my control whether I go for it or hang back and play it strategically.
    Exactly, there are good AND bad forms of RNG.  People keep trying to argue in favor of RNG just because they don't want the game to be hyper competitive, and neither do I, but I also don't want it to be a complete luck-based clusterfuck where one game will have such a high chance of eliminating you for something out of your control.

Door Dash and the other races are still fun cause you can still come back after making multiple mistakes.  But something like Fall Mountain?  You've pretty much already lost if you didn't spawn in the front row, and that's complete chance.
Well the game advocates you to win (crowns) to get stuff in the store and to win 5 in a row. It's frustrating to be on your 4th win streak and lose to a team game where you're paired with potatoes.
Fall ball would be great as a second round game. 20v20 or whatever.

When it's five of you on a team it's just boring. And it would eliminate that person who just stands there after they go down 1 from making a difference in the outcome.
    Yea that would work a lot better actually.
[deleted]
    That's a legit Pro tip that never crossed my mind.
except theres a skill to that too. i was practicing it in a blowout.
Sorry I actively try to get better to win I guess. Not everyone lazily wants to be handed free wins like you
Not to be pedantic but he’s talking about a community of testers/people close to the game.  That’s like me attesting my group of 7 friends I’ve played with (non-reddit users) not liking team games (specifically Jinxed) means people actually dislike team games.

At least we can probably all agree that they’re divisive and a perhaps 40% like them, 40% hate them, and the remaining 20% is indifferent.
Even if you have 4 balls the whole time somehow you'll end up with 0 the last second lmao
> but at the same time, the most skilled player might never unlock it.

If they play enough episodes, this is highly likely to not happen due to the [law of large numbers.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_large_numbers)

Once you concede that point, all you're really left to argue against is achievements which require a combination of very high skill and a large sample size.
    Very cool read. I understand. Question though, on average, how many attempts do you think it would take for the best player to win 5 episodes in a row and is that number acceptable to warrant such a task? Take into account dc's in team games, uneven teams, griefers, multiple team games per episode, etc. There are so many random factors.
[deleted]
    If it is meant to be purely fun and silly, there should not be a win 5 episodes achievement.
        [deleted]
            "Achievents don't matter" is 100% an opinion. Everyone enjoys games for different reasons. Try and understand both sides. I enjoy the fun, crazy, wackiness that is this game. I also like to collect trophies. The wins 5 games in a row contradicts the casual nature of the game and ruins the experience for people who like collecting.
                [deleted]
                    I don't like to complain. Check my history. I am a hardcore lurker, but I just don't understand how you people can't comprehend issues just because they don't affect you personally. Enjoy your bubble.
Winning 5 in a row isn't impossible and there are a number of much harder achievements in games. 

The Stanley Parable had one where you had to not play the game for 5 years.
    That is an odd outlyer achievement. Trophy should be skilled based. The 5 wins is possible but so is winning the lottery.
It isn't. But it's not a 100% skill based game either. The rng is intentional to ensure its chaotic nature. That's the main draw of the game
I think Fall Ball is fun though.

Tails you can influence. Prioritise grabbing tails from the weakest (or second) weakest team since 'not-losing' is the aim of the game more than winning. Or even act as a tailless enforcer protecting one of your teammates by being a grabbly little nuisance on people chasing them.
    Fall Ball is fun. It's still a coin flip too.
4v5 fallball is easy if you're good
    Ok Ronaldinho. 4v5 is usually the most uneven matchup just because 3 on offense on 2 balls is not enough, and you can't have 4 on offence as 1 small mistake is a free goal.

It's not impossible to win, but it's not a fun matchup.
    If you think starting of with an instant disadvantage is good you are dumb.
        I didn't say it's good I just said it's easy to overcome. Same thing as a good rocket league player can carry an afk teammate. Obviously the skill cap isn't as high in fall ball but if you can do every kickoff correctly, as well as play well, you'll win more frequently than you lose, even with 4v5.
It was roughly around 11 hours ago and yes it was the blue team that won! After the fall ball in the end the 6 of us were put into tail tag thing and i lost despite getting the chance to hold the tail with 40 seconds left
    The 11 hours ago definitely lines up but I can't remember if the round I'm talking about went into Fall Mountain or the tail tag thing. This is going to bother me all night lol
If you go more than 3 goals down it tends to throw in the golden egg.

Source: I suck at fall ball, golden eggs pretty much every game and American footballs, even got a rugby ball once
There's definitely a major issue in a 5v4 game of Fall Ball. Some of the games with higher player count aren't as big a deal.
[deleted]
    What about games w/ 3 teams
think it's less about lazy coding and more about not thinking that uneven teams are a problem.

personally i don't find it a problem as the nature of the games makes it easily winable even with 1 less perosn, but some people are waaaaaay to competetive for their own good and like to throw blame on everyone but themselves.
    I'd argue the nature of SOME of the games make it winnable with one less player, mainly Fall Ball and Rock n Roll. Tail Grab's unfairness is slightly offset by the fact that there's 4 teams but that game has its own problems. Hoarders and Egg Scramble are hell as the team with less players.
Doesn't this already happen? I feel like I get stumbled whenever my tail is taken.
    Its inconsistent but it does happen at least most of the time for me.

Funnily (not really cause it ticks me off) enough, you stumble/fall over whenever someone is using McDonald's wifi and steals your tail from 5 feet away so even trying to turn around to yoink it back is prevented and they already have the lead on you because of course.
I also hate the tail game mostly because of how inconsistent the grab is. 

I’d actually really enjoy team games in a separate playlist where we can win/lose as a team. It’s just a bummer that despite the gaming having 1 single winner at the end, you’re still forced to team up with people you’re competing against who can actually cause you to lose. 

Of course that’s probably just me taking a silly game too seriously. I’m mostly bitter at all the potential crowns I’ve lost being placed on a crappy team right before the final
    Every time I’ve won a crown, I’ve been eliminated the next episode during a team game
One thing I think could help take out the sting a bit is either having it that players on the losing team can still qualify if they personally grabbed a large number of rings or you get a bonus to your points based on the number of rings you grabbed. Though, if such a solution was added, it might lead to players competing with their own team so their personal score is better, so it might be better not to do such a thing.
I mean it’s a decent sized area and I can only be at one place at a time. I typically try to distance myself and have a section of the map where I can do laps to consistently get rings and avoid chasing rings that other people are fighting over. 

I feel like if my team total is 19 rings and I got 15 of them then I’m more than doing my part to carry
If they did it in Royal Fumble then the game could be over halfway through, and then there’s nothing to play for. Maybe that’s considered a “clinching” scenario. 

I think a good approach is the tail starts in the middle, relatively equidistant from everyone, and the first one to accumulate, say 30 seconds wins. That way you’re never really out of it.
    Good point. Rather than accumulating points as the timer runs down, just make it a flat "Hold the tail for 30 seconds to win". You could be at 29 seconds and get it stolen and it would still feel fair. Plus, there's still incentive for people to somewhat work together. If someone is about to win, other beans might just hold them back if they are about to steal, which could be a fun dynamic that you don't usually see in the finals.
Do this next time, you got an egg, someone grabs you, let go of your egg so you throw it forward, bonus if your team is aware enough that you can pass it to them.  But if a grab ends you kinda fumble the egg, if you let go its a forward pass.  Im still not 100% on the physics as sometimes it feels like I just drop the egg but it works more then it dosnt.
    Thanks friend :)
Pretty sure if your internet connection is good then it feels all over the place and terrible like this, because you aren't seeing the laggy players actions properly
Damn maybe it is the console. Yeah when I play on PC even with a controller everything is much smoother. I felt like on ps4 the guy would jump a bit after I pressed the jump button and the balls on fall ball were glitching and not smoothly being hit or moving while being pushed. Definitely not the case in all my games on PC.
    what I realized that’s weird as well is that the physics (that you’d think would be the same) work much better on that hoarders game with the volleyball looking balls.
    Input lag can be caused by the tv not being on game mode
        Im pretty sure it was on game mode it felt more like lag because the dive wasnt delayed or at least not as noticeable. Also,  is there no way to rebind buttons on console? Same with the rumble but thats probably in system settings I hope.
They are pretty shit on PC as well.
You can throw them out from the lower platforms though. If they made it easier to take it would be way to easy to gang on a team.
[deleted]
    At this point I have to ask if this cringe is unironic or not it's getting pathetic lol
Four player parties; my point was that a lot of full parties are likely going to engage in griefing.
I know but I’m just saying, having skins on a timer that can only be bought through a currency earned by winning games WILL make any game competitive
Yeah because with so much suggested randomness, there comes a point where you might as well just set up a roulette wheel and give the win to whoever the ball lands on.
    I’m not advocating for it, but I do think it’s silly how people are getting very upset over this game. My wording was a bit harsh, I admit, but I enjoy the game warts and all.
I really wish the algorithm would make only one team game happen per episode. Every episode I played last night featured both team tail tag and fall ball. If there's an odd number of us, just send us to tip toe or a finale.
Ah people get annoyed at player choices for some reason or annoyed at people who rather skill over luck. The whole reasoning behind team games is really stupid IMO and yeah you're totally correct, if you're bad at the game you will lose eventually anyways as the finale is always a solo game.

I think that adding in team finales where multiple people win, would make sense in terms of trying to get people who aren't good to earn wins.

In my 32 wins, most of the shows I have won have not consisted of a team game/games. The majority of my disqualifications are in team games. It's super frustrating because you are trying to improve your ability at the game but team games impede on this.
Spot on. There's a lot of randomness but it's still relatively in your control. Like you can easily make it through to the next round 9/10 by hanging back a tad so you're always able to run towards a door that's just been knocked down. 

But of course, where's the fun in that when I could have the satisfaction of breaking down a door or smacking into it? That to me is the definition of fun, because it's in my control whether I go for it or hang back and play it strategically.
Exactly, there are good AND bad forms of RNG.  People keep trying to argue in favor of RNG just because they don't want the game to be hyper competitive, and neither do I, but I also don't want it to be a complete luck-based clusterfuck where one game will have such a high chance of eliminating you for something out of your control.

Door Dash and the other races are still fun cause you can still come back after making multiple mistakes.  But something like Fall Mountain?  You've pretty much already lost if you didn't spawn in the front row, and that's complete chance.
Yea that would work a lot better actually.
That's a legit Pro tip that never crossed my mind.
Very cool read. I understand. Question though, on average, how many attempts do you think it would take for the best player to win 5 episodes in a row and is that number acceptable to warrant such a task? Take into account dc's in team games, uneven teams, griefers, multiple team games per episode, etc. There are so many random factors.
If it is meant to be purely fun and silly, there should not be a win 5 episodes achievement.
    [deleted]
        "Achievents don't matter" is 100% an opinion. Everyone enjoys games for different reasons. Try and understand both sides. I enjoy the fun, crazy, wackiness that is this game. I also like to collect trophies. The wins 5 games in a row contradicts the casual nature of the game and ruins the experience for people who like collecting.
            [deleted]
                I don't like to complain. Check my history. I am a hardcore lurker, but I just don't understand how you people can't comprehend issues just because they don't affect you personally. Enjoy your bubble.
That is an odd outlyer achievement. Trophy should be skilled based. The 5 wins is possible but so is winning the lottery.
Fall Ball is fun. It's still a coin flip too.
Ok Ronaldinho. 4v5 is usually the most uneven matchup just because 3 on offense on 2 balls is not enough, and you can't have 4 on offence as 1 small mistake is a free goal.

It's not impossible to win, but it's not a fun matchup.
If you think starting of with an instant disadvantage is good you are dumb.
    I didn't say it's good I just said it's easy to overcome. Same thing as a good rocket league player can carry an afk teammate. Obviously the skill cap isn't as high in fall ball but if you can do every kickoff correctly, as well as play well, you'll win more frequently than you lose, even with 4v5.
The 11 hours ago definitely lines up but I can't remember if the round I'm talking about went into Fall Mountain or the tail tag thing. This is going to bother me all night lol
What about games w/ 3 teams
I'd argue the nature of SOME of the games make it winnable with one less player, mainly Fall Ball and Rock n Roll. Tail Grab's unfairness is slightly offset by the fact that there's 4 teams but that game has its own problems. Hoarders and Egg Scramble are hell as the team with less players.
Its inconsistent but it does happen at least most of the time for me.

Funnily (not really cause it ticks me off) enough, you stumble/fall over whenever someone is using McDonald's wifi and steals your tail from 5 feet away so even trying to turn around to yoink it back is prevented and they already have the lead on you because of course.
Every time I’ve won a crown, I’ve been eliminated the next episode during a team game
Good point. Rather than accumulating points as the timer runs down, just make it a flat "Hold the tail for 30 seconds to win". You could be at 29 seconds and get it stolen and it would still feel fair. Plus, there's still incentive for people to somewhat work together. If someone is about to win, other beans might just hold them back if they are about to steal, which could be a fun dynamic that you don't usually see in the finals.
Thanks friend :)
what I realized that’s weird as well is that the physics (that you’d think would be the same) work much better on that hoarders game with the volleyball looking balls.
Input lag can be caused by the tv not being on game mode
    Im pretty sure it was on game mode it felt more like lag because the dive wasnt delayed or at least not as noticeable. Also,  is there no way to rebind buttons on console? Same with the rumble but thats probably in system settings I hope.
At this point I have to ask if this cringe is unironic or not it's getting pathetic lol
I’m not advocating for it, but I do think it’s silly how people are getting very upset over this game. My wording was a bit harsh, I admit, but I enjoy the game warts and all.
[deleted]
    "Achievents don't matter" is 100% an opinion. Everyone enjoys games for different reasons. Try and understand both sides. I enjoy the fun, crazy, wackiness that is this game. I also like to collect trophies. The wins 5 games in a row contradicts the casual nature of the game and ruins the experience for people who like collecting.
        [deleted]
            I don't like to complain. Check my history. I am a hardcore lurker, but I just don't understand how you people can't comprehend issues just because they don't affect you personally. Enjoy your bubble.
I didn't say it's good I just said it's easy to overcome. Same thing as a good rocket league player can carry an afk teammate. Obviously the skill cap isn't as high in fall ball but if you can do every kickoff correctly, as well as play well, you'll win more frequently than you lose, even with 4v5.
Im pretty sure it was on game mode it felt more like lag because the dive wasnt delayed or at least not as noticeable. Also,  is there no way to rebind buttons on console? Same with the rumble but thats probably in system settings I hope.
"Achievents don't matter" is 100% an opinion. Everyone enjoys games for different reasons. Try and understand both sides. I enjoy the fun, crazy, wackiness that is this game. I also like to collect trophies. The wins 5 games in a row contradicts the casual nature of the game and ruins the experience for people who like collecting.
    [deleted]
        I don't like to complain. Check my history. I am a hardcore lurker, but I just don't understand how you people can't comprehend issues just because they don't affect you personally. Enjoy your bubble.
[deleted]
    I don't like to complain. Check my history. I am a hardcore lurker, but I just don't understand how you people can't comprehend issues just because they don't affect you personally. Enjoy your bubble.
I don't like to complain. Check my history. I am a hardcore lurker, but I just don't understand how you people can't comprehend issues just because they don't affect you personally. Enjoy your bubble.
