[[ye]]





Among us was made like 2 years ago
    Among us was made 2 years ago- 

“ALRIGHT I GET IT!”
        Yeah I was playing it on mobile like a year and a half ago withy friends CONSTANTLY it was so fun, we once played on the bus coming back from a field trip, we got on a call and played for like an hour.
            [removed]
                Having jumped on it after it became popular and played countless games with players named things like Homophobe, LGBTQSUCKS, GeorgeFloyd (kept saying "I can't breathe" in chat), every possible variation of the n-word, people saying "vote off black because he's black"... It used to be *worse*?
                    [removed]
                        You get awrd
                        Then you have the idiots that call you dumb for not figuring out the imposter
                    You get awrd
                        Aw thanks!
                            :0 yelcome!
                        You get krma
                            :0 thank you
                    That’s unbelieveable.. Wow
                        Wow you get awrd good redditor
                    im shocked that people actually play with other people with the online lobbies.  how the hell would the game work without voicechat?
                        I wish I could do VC! I don't have a mic unfortunately. I've had some good games with randos in chat, I type very quickly and consider it a fun challenge to persuade people if I think they're voting too hastily or are hesitating to vote someone I know is imp. But yeah a lot of the time it's a train wreck.
                            you can use your phone as a mic if you download discord or mumble or whatever vc program u want to use
                                I never even thought of that! I'll have to give that a try.
                    Yikes, that's bad, sorry you had to see that.
                    Welcome to the internet, first time?
                    Wow. Sounds like they'd give the rainbow six seige community competition for being the most toxic gaming community.




Edit: after seeing I got downvoted I thought I'd add that I'm not shitting on individuals who play seige but aren't toxic. I play siege and that's how I found out that the community tends to be reasonably toxic. If you're not doing this, you're not one of the people contributing to the toxicity. This reminded me of my experiences with seige but I also hate blanket statements so it's best to clarify that I don't mean everyone who plays seige acts like this. It's just common enough for the community to come across as toxic.
                Enlighten me, o wise blue one
                    An everyone else gets awrd here you go
                        You generous bastard
                            Love you too random citizen
                You get awrd
                Yeah, that's very true
                Before it was popular, I played it, but I deleted it before it was popular.
            Same here! We would play during lunch break
                So you really hated it then?
                    Huh?
                        Seems it left a bad taste in your mouth
                            Ah I get it
                                You edited your comment you traitorous bastard!
                                    What did it originally say
                                    Yeah burn the witch, what did he originally said?

Sorry for my bad English not native :(
                    Up vote this man, the other guy edited the comment!
            yeah i also played it with my friends on mobile like a year ago
                What's that random award everyone keeps getting?
                    i have no idea
            BRO SMAE
            You get awrd
                Omg my first award thank you very much!
                    Yo really thats badass im happy your welcome :)
            Mobile? Holy shit it's free?!
                Yep, it has adds tho but only after games are over I think. And it is cross play between everything.
        Yeah I also get this meme which has been recycled every 4 hours or so for the past week
        I'm just pointing it out, this post implies that the game was made this year
        Not op evidently
        Here award fellow redditror
        Every single post mentioning it being one of the decent things in 2020 has “it cAmE oUt iN 2018” as the top comment. 

Everyone gets it. I wasn’t aware of it until it’s rise in popularity so regardless when it came out, I’m glad to have heard of it in 2020
        u/mr-pk is acting pretty sus
            
	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/mr-pk was The Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 0 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
                Good bot
                    Thank you, heartbreakhill, for voting on botwasnotanimposter.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)
        Looks like who reply this comment gets free award :)
        hey guys its me, average redditor, about to tell you something everyone else knows
    [And the game itself is basically a card game called 'mafia'](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mafia_(party_game)). By far my favorite card game when I was a kid and in my college time.

In a very short explanation, there's the God (story teller, he doesnt play/debate), the cop, the assassin, the angel and the rest are just civilians. 

Basically, god tells to all the people sleep (close eyes), then he tells to the assassin wake up and kill someone (open his eyes and points at someone), then, ask him to sleep again and then god wakes up the angel to point at someone he wants to protect (if it's the person the assassin pointed the player is saved). Then, after the angel, the cop awakes and points at anyone, and god tells him if the guy is the assassin or not.

After all that, god asks to everyone wake up and tells them what have happened, lets say "so, last night the assassin tried to kill someone, and in fact he did. John, you got killed / John, an angel saved you! You guys shall now debate and vote!"

Only rule: You cannot tell whats your role, and you cannot say something like "god told me it's him!"

If there are many people, roles can be created, like the bad civilian, which basically tries to debate in favor of the assassin, however, he have no clue who's the assassin, but you get the point.
        I have heard people say how creative this game is and I’m like have you ever heard of mafia or werewolf, literally the same idea. 

Among us is fun as hell but it isn’t innovative or something new.
            Oh it's newz in mafia most of it was guesswork and how somone sounds. In this it's about keeping a track of where people are and killing and sabotage
                There are definitely new things added to this experience that I really prefer. And there are certain things I feel ehh about but at the core you can tell it’s definitely inspired by games like werewolf and mafia
                    If you’re looking for that level of originality you’re gonna consider everything derivative
                        Well that’s only if you think something needs to be innovative or different to be enjoyable. I don’t believe something needs to be innovative to be enjoyable. I just don’t like calling everything innovative if I enjoy it. I only reserve that for certain titles.
                            That’s fair but what would you even call innovative nowadays? Even Undertale, which I think was one of the more innovative and refreshing games of the last decade, can be considered a synthesis of different aspects of various Mario and Luigis, Earthbound, and various other games which the developer cites. I think there are grounds to call it innovative on the scale of what can even be considered as such bc it offers a great spin to a base game everyone knows.
                                I rarely ever consider anything innovative, though that’s a personal opinion. But I would consider Dreams for the PS4 innovative (and I don’t even care for it since I have no interest in creating) 

Minecraft, LBP, Halo, the MOD in Day Z to make it a battle royal, Journey, Gears of war, Demon Souls, The Longing.

There’s multiple ways to innovate, games like mass effect with the branching story lines, telltale games  and the graphic novel story telling,  heavy rain created an entire new genre of gaming. 

I would even say Death Stranding even though it’s sucks. It is actually so innovative that it is no part of the orientation for UPS and Fed Ex



I actually just bought undertale a few days ago was going to start playing it today. I have heard it’s super innovated. So I’ll get back to you on it lol.
            I disagree, innovation doesn't have to be ground breaking and among us makes meaningful steps to better the game. 

Werewolf (and in particular one-night-werewolf) is I think one of the best social deduction party games ever designed. It takes the fun concept of madia and eliminates the worst part of the game - sitting around for a long time while the rest of the game goes on. Additionally it adds a variety of powers to the game (some present in mafia, many new) to get more interaction among the players and reduce multi-round deductions to a single 5 min game. 

However, in werewolf some of the powers aren't the most exciting. Cards like the Insomniac usually don't do anything. The villagers generally have very little interaction with the game. And certain cards like the troublemaker are annoying and poorly designed as they play for the human team (the one trying to gather as much knowledge as possible to deduce the killers), but introduce randomness which only benefits the opposing team. 

Among us, addresses a lot of these concepts. Not perfectly but in some very interesting ways. 

Unlike villagers or just random players in mafia with minimal/impactful roles, players are always part of the game and have a something they need to do to win. This has two main added benefits:

1) It means people who are assigned crew roles at least have some small goals they must work towards while also trying to figure out who the imposter is. Even after death they stay in game and finishing their tasks means they can still win.

2) More importantly, it provides an alternative win-con for the crew and forces the imposters hand to play more aggressively.

Together these points make the game feel way more dynamic and eliminate non-games that occasionally pop up in werewolf. 

However, these tasks also benefit the imposter in that it forces players to move around and do things so they can't just be watching for the imposters 100% of the time. In comparison in a game of Mafia you usually sit around and try to hear what's going on with 100% attention. In Among Us, if you don't complete your tasks you'll probably lose, and completing most tasks obscures your vision and leaves you vulnerable. Its a delicate balance that adds a nice dynamic to the game. 

By adding a play element (as opposed to just discussion and voting), among us also means you need to act convincing as opposed to just sounding convincing. I've personally found it much harder to get people to vote as I want them too when they can see for themselves someone acting weirdly, whereas in werewolf I could usually convince them otherwise. This play component also means that anyone can investigate anyone at anytime, by following them around checking if they're doing tasks, etc. 

In short Among Us is a fairly unique take on the social deduction game genre and innovates in a pretty interesting ways. It has a lot of the same themes and play patterns as other deduction games but with a much more fleshed out killing/play phase, which provides much greater agency to both players and imposters/werewolves making the game more dynamic and reducing the number of non-games that creep up in older members of the genre.
                The hidden role game type has been around for a long time and has been iterated on a lot with a lot of Mafia/Werewolf's issues fixed. Some of my favorite board games in the genre are Secret Hitler, Bang!!!, Battlestar Galactica, and Dead of Winter.

The hidden role game has been a staple of small video games and custom maps for video games. There have been mods in WC3, mods in Garry's Mod, mods in GTAV. Then of course there's Deceit, Unfortunate Spacemen, Project Winter, and Secret Neighbor. All of which have tasks for the victims to do. Among Us is basically just a 2D Unfortunate Spacemen. All of them are fun and have their merits but let's not pretend that Among Us brought the hidden role game to video games.
                    My comment was deleted with reddit server issues, but here's a summary from memory. 

1) There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf). Secret Hitler definitely falls in the later category, but the other 3 do not. I've only played Bang! but read the summaries on BGG, but none of them seem to have deduction as a key aspect of the game. For the purposes of the specific sub-genre we're talking about, its games where the deduction is the whole point and you use it to eliminate players either directly (e.g. Among Us, werewolf) or indirectly (e.g. Secret Hitler (though it has direct too), Resistance: Avalon). 

2) Your comment about Unfortunate Spaceman in particular is funny, since I agree, though think you structured it backwards: Unfortunate Spaceman is 3D Among Us with some shooting thrown in, given it was produced ~2 years after Among Us. In fact all the games but Deceit came out after Among Us, showing how a little innovation in how we move through deduction games can spawn numerous other people pushing it in unique directions.
                        >There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf).

All of the hidden role games I listed are deduction games. Hidden role games aren't always automatically deduction games but it's usually a safe bet that they are. The games I listed have a varying degree of more game to them but they're absolutely all deduction as a primary aspect. Dead of Winter is the only one where you can argue that the more game is just as important or maybe a little bit more important than the deduction. If you look the games up on boardgamegeek that site will agree.

Unfortunate Spacemen was released in early access in 2016. The other two were indeed more recent affairs. Unless Among Us had an early access period that I'm unaware of Unfortunate Spacemen was definitely first of the two.
                            Damn knew I was forgetting something. This is why I wish my original comment saved :(

Of the one's I've played Secret Hitler is, but Bang! most certainly is not. The deduction in bang is trivial at best and there's little point in deceiving anyone when you can only shot 1-2 spaces away from you. The rest as I mentioned are not, and strike me more akin to something like the objective cards in Nemesis. 

With respect to Boardgame geek I think we can both agree that social deduction games are a very different beast than just regular deduction games. If you click the BGG deduction tag, you'll see that one of the most popular titles is codenames which is a deduction name true, but far and away different than werewolf.
                I don’t disagree with you in anyway. And the game does implement some nice touches. It’s just to me it doesn’t really add anything that I felt moved the needle of the genre in new direction. Unless you consider the popularity of the game, the popularity of Among Us is extremely impressive. And I fucking love the game but I just don’t consider it that innovative. 

On a side note have you ever heard of The Resistance: Avalon? I think you’d really like it. It a deduction game but can get pretty advanced with special skills and ways to investigate. It’s not really innovative but definitely more enjoyable than just regular mafia/werewolf.
                    I have, and enjoy it! I haven't played it enough to truly master it myself, but I think its well designed. Secret Hitler I think is a nice new addition to the genre. I played that one more and can strongly recommend.
                        Yeah I heard really good things about secret hitler. I need to play it.
                            I will also second Secret Hitler. My sister got it for me last year and it's so much fun!
            Most games people gush over are just remixes of already established games, with a few new hooks to justify their existence. Among Us is no different.

A game doesn't need to be wildly innovative or groundbreaking to be a good game.
                I agree my comment was about how some people are saying it’s super creative. 

I really like among us, it’s fun. At the end of the day all that really matters is how fun the game is.
                    Agreed. For me, being fun is the most important aspect.
                    Secret identities games have been around for a very long time, it's one of the staple of board games, really. Mafia, Werewolf, Secret Hitler, The Resistence/Avalon, Time Bomb, Battle Star Galactica, Saboteur, Sporz, Blood on the Clocktower, Two Rooms and a Boom, etc.

That part is certainly not new nor creative. The way they turned this classic formula, kept the "hidden identities discussions" at the heart of the game while enhancing it with a fun and simplistic gameplay that hids a ton of depth... yeah, I'd call it innovative and creative.
            it's a social game where personal influence is the most important skill in the game. I know i haven't played a video game like this before. I don't get how it isn't innovative.
                It isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time. They have card games, party games even Town of Salem which has been around for over 6 years all follow the same strategic ideology as among us. 

Now they do have new things thrown in that those other games don’t have but the core ideology behind the game is a copy of other games.
                    That’s like saying any new first person shooter can’t be innovative because Doom already did it
                        More like saying that all the Doom-Clones that came after it were not innovative, and they were not really. Among Us is not groundbreaking innovation, but its still a fun game. There is, like he pointed out, a ton of these kind of games (both online and boardgame variants)
                        No, it’s like saying that a first person shooter can’t be innovative based solely on it being a first person shooter, it can be innovative in other areas (maybe it’s also a great platformer or the level of choice is unprecedented or whatever) but you wouldn’t say “wow this game is so innovative, you shoot people from a first person perspective!”

These people are saying Among Us is innovative because you use subterfuge, influence, and strategy to determine who the killer is, which is something that’s been done plenty. It’s added some twists but the core of the game is *so* similar to existing games it’s hard to call it truly innovative. 

To use your example, while Quake is great FPS I wouldn’t call it *really* innovative because Doom already did most of what Quake did, it was different but the core was the same. Team Fortress is also an FPS, but it added something completely novel that created its own segment of games, the hero shooter. Team Fortress was an FPS that innovated while remaining an FPS at its core which fundamentally changed the game, while Quake was an FPS that while not without twists was fundamentally very similar to Doom. Among Us is Quake in this metaphor
                        This comment would only work if Doom was innovative
                            Wait wait wait, are you saying the very first doom wasn't innovative? Cause if so, you are absolutely wrong and need to refresh yourself on gaming history.
                                Sorry I had a brain fart I was thinking 2016 doom not original doom
                            How was Doom not innovative? Nothing even close to it had been seen before. The few forst person shooters that did exist were extremely basic in comparison.

That’s besides the point though. Just because mafia and werewolf are social deduction games doesn’t mean any other social deduction game can’t be innovative.
                                Yeah don’t know why my mind went to 2016 doom not original doom. 

I’m not saying any other social deduction game can’t be innovative I’m saying among us wasn’t. Don’t generalize my statement

I really enjoy among us but no time while playing have I felt like this game really took the genre to a new level or made jumps forward that really changed my perspective on deduction games.
                                    2016 Doom was also hugely innovative for modern FPS games
                                    I’m not arguing that it is or isn’t innovative. Just responding to your first point ”it isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time”.

I’m saying that a game can be innovative despite the type of game being around for a long time.
                            First 3d game with diagonal walls
                Games like this have existed for a long time. Trouble in Terrorist Town is popular in modding communities
                Because they didn't create the game, this is basically a port and reskin of an existing game, I think is the argument. 

Maybe innovative in bringing it to the digital/online gaming world though.
            Plus muder mystery is pretty close to among us, to me even fall guys isn't original
                real ones remember wipeout on the 360 kinect 😤😤😤
                I used to play Town of Salem and it’s really similar to among us. 

But yeah fall guys isn’t shattering the walls of innovation in any way. Now if they were to add a little big planet slap mechanic to combat grabbers then I would be thoroughly impressed.
            Yep I played the original werewolf map on Warcraft 3 and some of those custom maps I played and the friends I made are my best gaming memories as a kid.
Line tower wars, Island defense, Dota, mafia and uther party are my favourites.
            nothing is
            There's a good version on jackbox as well. Requires everyone to be in person though.
            I mean, "hidden role games" are quite plentiful, and have been popular for quite a while. Its just really a matter of putting a twist on that genre. I've never played Among Us, but that really is what the game is.

And just because you didn't pioneer a genre doesn't prevent the game from being fresh and fun, as long as it has unique twists and takes on the genre.
            Have you played among us?

Sure it's a hidden role game, like secret Hitler, werewolves, mafia and many many many many others. But the game doesn't play like any of them. The fact that it's realtime and uses actual mechanics (instead of "it's night so your character is asleep") is in the most literal of senses, game changing.
                Yes I have. I think you’re reading to much into my comment

Have you played unfortunate spaceman?  It got its full release a little while ago but its been in beta testing for a couple of years now. Don’t know which was initially announced first but unfortunate spacemen and among us are virtually carbon copies of each other.
                    The closest relation between among us and unfortunate spaceman is that they're both hidden role games in space. That's it. I genuinely can't tell if you're being disingenuous or if you genuinely have no idea about the existence of the entire hidden role game genre.
                        I definitely shouldn’t have said carbon copy cause they have difference. But the core idea behind the game is the same. 

I don’t get what the issue is here do you guys own stock in this game. My initial comment is that I have heard people call the game innovative and I disagree. There’s nothing wrong with it not being innovative most stuff isn’t. 

Also don’t know if if I’m reading your words wrong but you are coming off as a prick to me and I don’t fuck with you like that.
                    I've only just heard about Unfortunate Spacemen but it is not like Among Us lmao, aside from the core concept of having a traitor on your team, they are different games entirely.
            Check out Unfortunate Spaceman. I like its take on Mafia style game play. 

One person is the monster who can disguise itself as a spaceman. You can also assume the images of the people you have killed. Goal is to kill all players.

Players have tasks and they can either kill the monster, or do enough tasks to call a rescue ship and detonate a nuke. 

There's power that can be cut off/repaired as well and a bunch of other stuff. Pretty fun for a bit
                You could have left out the title and I would have assumed you were talking about Among Us. Sounds almost exactly the same
                    I haven't played among us so TIL, thanks!
                I actually brought up this game in one of my other comments and got eaten alive for saying it was similar to among us. 

Apparently according to others the only similarities is that the game is based in space
            I would say it’s sorta innovative to bring that concept from Mafia/Werewolf into a video game
                Agreed except among us wasn’t the first video game to do it.
        In Germany its called "Werewofl"

With witches, werewolves, hunters and ordinary citizens
            Mega geiles Spiel. Erinnerung kommen auf <3
            Psvr has werewolves within. Same game basically but in vr. Not sure if it's on pcvr. And it was so much fun when it was full of players (it's dead these days)

Werewolves, villagers, and a few different player types that can give information to everyone else. Like if there's a wolf to the left, pray to see how many wolves are present, can detect what the role of one player is etc.
        I play one with my family called 'Donner Dinner Party'. Its basically a card game. 1-3 people are a cannibal and the rest are pioneers. Each turn, the pioneers all draw 2 cards (either food, poison, medicine, or empty hands) they then go around and put the card of their choosing in front of the camp leader. 

Camp leader shuffles and then lays out the cards. If there isnt enough food to feed each player, or it was poisoned, everyone votes to see who they eat for the night so they don't starve. Pioneers are trying to pick the cannibal, while cannibals try to eat the pioneers. Its pretty fun!
        I’ve been playing mafia with friends for a decade and also online, never heard of the rule that you can’t tell what your role is/can’t say you correctly investigated the mafia. You could obviously just be lying so what’s the point of that rule? 

We decide roles by dealing cards and essentially the only rules are no talking or opening your eyes at night (unless it’s your turn), talking while you’re dead, or showing anyone your card. You can say literally anything you want though.
            Like many games, the rules varies from region or group of friends. 
In my country mafia is called something like "the city sleeps". And we play with these rules otherwise people only discuss things like "Im the cop". "No, you're not, Im the cop! You guys can vote me later if the suspect isn't this lying cop!" Etc...

So by not allowing this, people have different, fun and somewhat smart discussions.
                I disagree. That’s like saying you’re not allowed to say you saw someone vent in Among Us because then it becomes “no I saw you vent” “no you vented.” Much of the game is deducing who’s lying based on their voice, their story, their inflection, etc. and I find it fun when 2 people counterclaim each other and the rest have to ultimately decide who’s lying. Even with our open discussion rules people often don’t counterclaim cop. In general I just think in a game that’s literally just about lying it’s dumb to make rules about what someone can or can’t say.
        We played a variation of this called "Werewolf" in high school. For whatever reason, I always ended up being lynched by the mob during day 1

Every.

Single.

Time.

I guess it was because I just had a naturally suspicious appearance, but in the two or so years that we played the game, I never played one of the Werewolves (equivalent to the Assassin in Mafia), and in the end, a rule was implemented to give me diplomatic immunity during the first lynching.

ಠ_ಠ
        Im not sure if this is cheating but i fake tell everyone my role, thats a play i do most of the time. Like even if im the killer, and im sure that i killed the cop, i say that im the cop and convince them that someone else is the killer.
            How do you know you killed the cop though? If the cop is still alive, that's a surefire way to out yourself.
                Well its a high risk high reward play. If you pull it off its a sure win, but if you get caught you lose. During late game, like 4-5 people remaining, people are desperate for info and will ask the cop to come out. Thats when you say youre the cop.
        Oh man you’re right! I completely forgot about this game!
        So it's an alternative TTT?
        We used to occasionally play this in my high school Spanish class haha. If you enjoy the game and have a group of folks to play with I’d definitely recommend picking up Secret Hitler. It’s a social deduction game as well and a big hit when I break it out at family gatherings.
        Me and my friends played it as well during elementary, but instead of a card game simply just by telling the God what we want to do and everything when everyone is "sleeping"
This was such a fun game back then
        You should check out Town of Salem, Among us is barely Mafia/Werewolf.
        It not mafia, its a secret roll game, its a whole genre of board games from secret Hitler, werewolf to mafia. It is different from all of them in its own way, its more active, and more suited for the medium of a video games
        There’s an [app](https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/mafia-mystery/id892955084) for Mafia too
        It's not the first social deduction game, but the mechanics of among us make it so much better and deeper than any other. There's so much more than simply talking to each other and so much that both the town and the killers can do to help deduce or hide intentions.

Mafia is just so much blind luck, but Among Us has very little luck involved as everyone gets to control the situations they end up in.
        Check out town of salem it's a great pc game and it's exactly this.
        Only difference is that innocents do stuff
        I played this on a weekend cycling trip with the Outdoor program at school last year.  It was a lot of fun - and part of the reason I think I'll start playing Among Us.
        Welcome to traitor games, a ton of amazing board games in the genre. In college I used to play a Battlestar Galactica traitor board game every week at the board gaming club, never saw the show, but the game was pretty solid. Plenty of others too that are amazing.
    sus
        u/tied_up_tubes vented.
    Isn't it also based off of a mini game from jack box? I remember playing a mini game that was super close to it a couple years ago, and I thought people were meming about THAT at first
        There is a jackbox minigame that's similar to Among Us, but both games are (likely) inspired by the card game Mafia or Werewolves. 

As for the jackbox game, it didn't work too well in my experience.
    https://i.imgur.com/vOvltn2.png
    That’s kinda sus dude. Vote him out!
    So?
        Just saying the game was created before 2020
            The main point is that it’s gained a lot of popularity in the past couple months.
    Are we in Love inc. here?
    Yeah but it's only popular now
    Impostor.
Fall Guys Lvl35. Still only 1 win. Feelsbadman
    Lvl 31 and I've never even been close. I have not been in the market for fast-paced competitive gaming since UT2004. My wife told me about this game and we got it to fuck around with. Now I'm in limbo with, "Should I just continue to fuck around occasionally with this, or actually buckle down and practice daily and try to get a win?"

Edit: Perhaps instead of "fast-paced" I should have said "git gud" games that require practice and skill, regardless of the perceived speed.
        belive me my wife have. never played video games and she won like 5 or 6 times already. never give up. she's 29 btw
            My 10 yr old step daughter has 1 win on fall mountain. I (a 31 yr old lady) have 20 wins, and my husband has 0.
        Do whatever feels better for you, if you're having fun keep playing, if not take a break since if you do it just for the reward there's a strong risk you might get burned out.  


Personally I've gotten a couple wins (during a time I played regularly, basically everyday for a week) but overall I start the game because I enjoy the bean life and messing around, at the end of the day there's a lot of random stuff involved so don't feel bad for not winning, you'll get there eventually if you stick to it.  


Best of lucks either way!
        No worries man. I’m level 31 with 2 wins. It makes it really rewarding when you pull it out.
        "fast paced"?
            Yes. Reaction and timing are critical for success in this game, whereas it isn't for my standard fare: Civilization, Catan, MMOs, Animal Crossing, Divinity, and other slow-moving games.
                oh got it... you only need to learn wherr to go instead of what to do... the only pain in the ass round ia the one you need to steal a tail. I  hate that round but all other is more about " luck". but really don't give uo, I win like 1 oe 2 rounds a day and for sure tje game was better before, during the time that I just couldn't win.
                    you will be downvoted for typing like a mong but this is a nice comment
                        yes it's hard to type on the phone while walking. and i really couldn't care less about up or downvotes.
                            truly a wandering prophet
                                I am very smart
    it really is like that sometimes
    Level 20 and 0 wins :( I really wish I would get a map ofther than Fall Mountain for the Final round.
        Fall Mountain sucks
    I’ve made like 20 finals with zero wins. Lol me
    Level 38 and 3 wins... But I swear, I was just incredibly lucky with nothing getting in my way. I've seen some people on the fall guys sub with like 30+ crowns and god I really want to see their final matches lol
    Choked so many times at the jump to the crown in Fall Mountain
        No matter how many times I tell myself to be patient at the end I always jump immediately like an idiot.
    Level 32 here with 4 wins, can’t say they were easy.
    Wait, you're winning?
    Don't worry, I'm lvl 40 with a whopping one win, and even that one barely happened.
    Level 40 completed and still at 2. And that’s out of dozens of final placements :/
    Are you on pc because I don’t think I’ve gotten to one final round without cheaters
    I'm level 25 with 0 wins, so think about how bad I feel.
    I got like 12 or something
    Level 14 with 8 and i’m only 6 years old
I submit Hades to this meme. If you haven't played it, you should. I would only not suggest it to the most severe rogue like haters. It's a masterpiece. 

For anyone reading this right now, you can get Hades on EGS for $10 right now. All you have to do is claim Rocket League for free on their store and they give you a $10 coupon. Use that towards Hades, which is on sale for $20 and you get it for the best price it will probably be for a while.
    Besides Pyre everything supergiant games develops is straight fire. (The rhyme is definitely intended)
        I would agree. Even Pyre I found some enjoyment with. Just wore out it's welcome very fast.
            Yeah agreed. I just feel like when you just killing it with every game and come out with an ehh tittle it just looks worse.
                Have you played Hades yourself yet? If so, come join us at /r/HadesTheGame
                    No not yet. It’s on my list but I just bought another game so need to wait for the paycheck. I know Nintendo is selling it for 20 right now


I’m not a huge rogue fan besides rouge legacy but I have heard so many good things. And I trust supergiant
                        I just learned this from a friend who bought it... you can get Hades on EGS for $10 right now. All you have to do is claim Rocket League for free on their store and they give you a $10 coupon. Use that towards Hades, which is on sale for $20 and you get it for the best price it will probably be for a while.
        Funnily enough the only Supergiant game I've played was Pyre, and I loved the setting/atmoshpere/lore/characters. Gameplay was alright but I sticked to it because everything else was 10/10 for me.   
What's a good second step?
            Bastion is one of my favorite games of all time. Beautiful story and characters, and very engaging gameplay.
            Any of their other 3 games. Bastion is the oldest and a well liked gem of the early 2010s indie scene. Transistor is a newer game with a beautiful art style and some pretty unique combat. Hades is the new hotness of course.

But every single one of them is considered a masterpiece in its own right. They all have great storytelling, they all have great gameplay, they all have great art, they're all great. You might as well flip a coin to decide which one to play.
            Do you have a switch? Cause they were selling Bastion and Transistor for 2 bucks each about a month ago. Don’t know if the deal is still going. 

And I’d go Bastion then Transistor. Bastions really good but Transistor is a fucking gem! Great story, fun innovative turn based  like gameplay, and amazing score!
                Tried playing transistor when it was on sale, couldn't put up with the sword that just wouldn't stop commenting on everything, also the gameplay was really hard to get a grip with.

Hades is a BOP tho, and loving it.
                    The same thing happens to my brother. It’s like a weird turn based gameplay. I enjoyed it but it definitely had a learning curve and definitely not for everyone. 

I think the story was great but the sword wouldn’t shut the fuck up it also didn’t help that the MC didn’t talk.
        They did Bastion right? That game was awesome.
        But Pyre was incredible! Easily one of the best games of that year for me and my favorite game of theirs. Different tastes I guess
            Different strokes for different folks
        That's interesting because Pyre is only Supergiant game I like.
            I didn’t think it was bad just wasn’t for me but we can’t all have the same taste!
                Oh for sure, that's the great thing about games!
    Plus Spiritfarer, The Last Campfire, Spelunky 2, and several others. It's been a great year for indie games
    Looked up hades, saw it's made by the folks who made Bastion, instant buy.
        It's the best they have made in my opinion. Bastion is still second though.
    Hades is so good, bought on a whim and haven’t put it down since
    I'm not really familiar with the roguelike gameplay loop. Do you get to keep your progress from one run to the next?
        Yes and no. Everything about your "build" you lose between runs but you carry over some of the currency to upgrade things. Hades is also fairly unique in that it actually has a semblance of a story and characters will comment on previous runs and interactions.
            Do you keep the upgrades that you spend the currency on?
                Yes, for the most part. Each run you will get to choose upgrades for that specific journey, but when you die those are lost. However, the upgrades you buy with a few different forms of currency you get to keep. So, you’re getting stronger every run, and it’s a new path each time you play. It’s honestly insanely fun, especially for $20. I bought a copy for two friends because I’ve had so much fun with it.
    ive been hearing a lot of people make a comment about how they really like this game, i think its time i play it
    Spiritfarer is better than both of the games in the meme. Stella deserves the spot.
        I started that and enjoyed it a bit but got sidetracked by other games/bored. I plan to get back to it though.
    I also submit BPM: Bullets Per Second, probably my favorite game of the year
    And Rocket League going free is such a steal for anyone who hasn’t played. I’ve been playing RL almost daily for 3 years. I have 1000s of hours. Best $20 I ever spent and you can get it for free.
  
Fall Guys was the first game that pulled me away from RL in a long time. Now I play both daily.  
  
Also just bought Hades yesterday and looking forward to playing more tonight!
        i got it and it was fun but kinda sad it's off steam tbh i was gonna buy it there but they announced the removal
    I was so hesitant to buy it on switch.  I’m so glad I did.  I can’t put this shit down I love it.
    it's the best indie game of the year no doubt, coming from a guy that plays a shit load of Indies. I love this game
    Dead cells too
    But that's not on Steam tho.
        What's your point?
. 　　　。　　　　•　    　ﾟ　　。 　　.

　　　.　　　  　　.　　　　　。　　   。　.  　

.　　      。　　　　　 ඞ   。   . 　　 • 　　　　•

　　ﾟ　　     Pink was An Impostor.　 。　.

　　'　　　 1 Impostor remains 　 　　。

　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
    Woo
    Yellows been looking kinda sus, we should vote him out
        I was with Yellow in Medbay.
            Idk man, still pretty sus
[deleted]
    They are publishers, not developers, and they mostly publish indie games. That being said, i dont think fall guys is a triple-A by any means, but also debatable if its indie.
        Right before they released fall guys, mediatonic, the developers, employed 230 people. There's no way that's indie lol
        Fall guys is a classic double-A game, just like Larian studios & the divinity: original sin series.
Ye
    Ye
        Ye
            Ye
                Ye
Lol, ive been playing among us since mid 2019, idk why just now people know about it... maybe cause of streamers
    Big peak of popularity but imo its like an offense to say its a 2020 game
        i’d only say it’s a 2020 game because it’s the most popular in 202
        It basically is. The game wasn't really playable before since most people would just dismiss but now that it's so popular it's easy to get a group of friends to play with you
            Not really. I played it mid 2019 and it was basically the same. You can suggest to friends games to download
                Not so easy to convince someone to buy a game. And while the mobile version is free my friends ,and am guessing most people's, aren't interested in playing a mobile game.
                    Most of my non-gaming friends have Macs, so they can't even play on the computer.  It being mobile & free is amazing because everybody we'd want to play with is willing to try it.
                    >	and am guessing most people’s, aren’t interested in playing a mobile game.

Almost all my friends play on iPads or Chromebooks. They haven’t reopened schools in my state, so everyone with kids picked up one of those (if they didn’t already have one).
        I mean most people find out about smaller games through marketplace promotion, content creators playing them, or hearing from our friends. This one originally fell into the dozens of games that come out every day that no one talks about. Now its the first time most people heard about it, so it is a 2020 game for most.
    It just never had any vision on it. The game looks amazing when you see a bunch of people who know each other playing with voice chat. That can spread virally without any kind of slowdown. 

I tried playing randoms with just chat and it’s remarkably average. If that was what most people experienced before it started streaming then I could see why it was staying small. 

I attribute playing it with voice chat to like a board game. Super accessible and simple but the socializing it encourages is the real pull of the game.
        Yeah, i used to play with a full lobby with my friends, really fun, never played alone with randoms, but to me and my friends the hype is already gone. Maybe i will try again sometime, idk
        Yeah. I've watched a ton of videos and thought it looked like a blast. Considering buying it then remembered I have four friends on Steam and I've literally never once played a game with any of them.
    I used to play it with friends during lunch, but obviously we’ve gotta play together online now 😅
    Perhaps it's because of the release of the Henry Stickmin collection?
    Streamers is one part, Markiplier/the devs releasing Henry Stickmin Collection is another.
I know the game is 2 years old but I hope the sudden popularity gets Among Us some updates. More maps and minigames would be greatly appreciated and could help keep the popularity rolling.
    They're currently working on a sequel.
    I believe they’ve come out and said that they will not be updating Among Us and instead will work on Among Us 2. They aren’t that far into production of 2, however.
    I feel kinda sad for the developers as they are only a team of like 3 people so they can't quickly make new content/updates to capitalize on the succes. Aming us 2 will take atleast 1-2 years to realize which will be after the hype. Hope they can find good contacts kn the industry to help them out
        Im sure with the sudden increase in popularity they will quickly figure out how to find new help. Not to mention it looks like an enticing project for developers to join in on. It’s already successful so it’s an extremely safe gamble for corporations to invest in.

The only thing the dev team need to worry about is whether or not they want to sell their game to a bigger studio or keep working on it.
    They’re making a sequel. The original’s coding is so messy that it would take longer to add actual content than to make a whole new game with more robust coding.
“I got some jelly beans. Ya like jelly beans?”
What’s the right side game?
    Among Us
    sus
AcThUaLlY AmOnG uS wAs TwO yEaRs AgO
https://imgur.com/PZlzEU1
    Okayyyy
Nice to see among us get a HUUUGE spotlight all of a sudden. I bet they didn't see it coming 2 years later
 Fallguys was the great revolution of this year, it innovated and is very fun. Among Us, as old as it is, it is a very well done game too, even if it is not from this year, its "booom" was this year.
Sus
I mean I don’t wanna ruin your fun and all but I’m on Xbox and switch but I’d love to enjoy your beautiful game as well. So please just tell me that it’s coming soon.
We heard how much you like pills, so we designed our characters to look like pills.
Can I offer you a bean in this trying time?
Both. Both. Both is good
I like how not many people are including Risk of Rain 2's official release as part of this
    its not popular
        You take that back
            i havent seen it being talked about anywhere
                TAKE THAT BACK. THE GAME IS A GODDAMNED MASTERPIECE.
*slams desk* “beans!!!”
[deleted]
    Me either
Hades 1.0 came out and it blows both these out of the water.  (It’s also a single player game tbf)
    Yeah main reason these are so popular are because you can play them with friends and are easy to understand so anyone can play.
I played Among Us at release like two years ago. I'm really confused why it took off all of a sudden, it wasn't changed in any way.
Among us is overrated.
    stfu
I must have dreamt it when I thought Fall Guys came out 2 years ago haha.
    whys this downvoted?
        Who knows. Lets help him recover.
    Nearly 2 months ago, but in hell-world 2020 each month is a year in the normal timeline.
    Among us is the one that came out 2 years ago
What about the Henry Stickmin Collection?
[deleted]
    Why are you on this sub then lol?
I hope aftercharge gets the same kinda recognition among us did
I'm level 36 and still no wins. At this point I question if I even want it.
2 games for people with friends.
Don't forget that the 2nd highest rated game on Steam released 1.0 about a month ago too.
I got pink I got blue what u want
I mean there are other great indie games that came out this year like ori 2
Sounds like something an impostor would say.
Fuck it, time for a Teletubbies MMO, open world looter shooter
Tbh this year slapped
Yea but it got popular which is what counts
Someone cool me a druggy because I’m taking both
I may have cursed the among us game 

https://youtu.be/HGhHXjjfIrU
Pink is sus
I don’t know I was at medic doing see saw
I literally just found r/unexpectedmatrix and this post pops up
Where my GANG BEASTS at?
this true <3
Technically, by definition, I don't think Fall Guys is an indie game, as the devs have a publisher behind them.
I got some jelly beans
Ah yes, beanie bois and killer beanie bois.
Indie games > tripple a games
So you're offering me crack and cocaine ? How am I to choose?
Lack of investigation
can i take both? also among us dint come this year
Who had the balls to swallow both at once
Bean
I only just recently started playing Fall Guys on PC and, wow, my fingers are not coordinate enough. I think it took me about five tries to get past the seesaw level alone.

But I'm having a blast just learning how to play the game.
I’ll take both!
replace among us with hades because it came out 2 years ago and hades is actually so good
u/vredditdownloader
Fall guys is also the most infuriating thing in existence. You are essentially playing a game that can give you the feeling of lag without lag. Baby leg physics on a walking twinkie is terrible when other twinkies can knock you over.

It's really fun, but also so fucking infuriating
both can go fuck themselves
Anyone else not know anything about Among Us at all?
While I've only played fallguys they both seem to be awesome games
Pink sus
Blue pill.
On one hand, you have jelly beans competing in wipe out, on the other, you have space jelly beans that murder each other.
and then fall guys releases an update that ruins everything you thought you knew
Saving the world one indie at a time 😁
Just add rocket league driving in with a free sign on it and it will be complete!
No Straight Roads: Am I a joke to you?
I play the left one during the day on my chair, while the right one during the night on my bed.

What a life.
There's definitely gonna be some cross over eventually
Idk how fall guys is an indie have but ok
Still Fall Guys>Among Us 

Both fun though.
Mediatonic is not indie at all, they have 200+ employees and has a publisher.
Devolver is not an indie dev anymore lmao.
What about bugsnax
“Indie”. Devolver it’s quite a big company.
    Devolver Digital has 20 employees. That's kind of quintessential indie.
        Devolver is the publisher. Mediatonic, the developer, has 230 employees. That's not indie lol
            The person I'm responding to specifically referred to Devolver. Indie games refer to games created without the backing of a large studio publisher. It definitely meets the criteria of an indie game.
                hrm. I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it. You're putting more of the "indie" part on the publisher, which I don't agree with. You can have a small team of publishers provide massive amounts of funding to a massive team of developers. By your definition, that's still indie just bc the publishing team has a small number of people, and that defeats the purpose of being indie.
                    >I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it.

But the definition of indie is that it's an independent studio doing it without major support from a publisher. But even going by your definition the entire studio wasn't developing it though. [The team for the game at mediatonic was only 30 people at its highest.](https://venturebeat.com/2020/07/29/fall-guys-ultimate-knockout-how-mediatonic-crafted-a-cute-battle-royale/)


>GamesBeat: How big is the team that’s been working on this?

>Tanton: We peaked at around 30. It started with early prototyping with the classic five people sitting in a room, working out how the thing moves, but it’s obviously grown since then.
                        I didn't know that only part of mediatonic worked on it, so I concede your point about that, but if they did have devolver backing them, isn't that major support from a publisher?
    True, but they are still independent.
Among us came out two years ago but both great yes I agree
Actually jumped up and cheered last night... Then realized how long it'd been since I'd been that happy.
Among us is fun and all, but it has got to be the most overhyped shit ever! I hope the sequel does more
Among Us is so overhyped jesus
yo don't forget Hades
Among us is 2 years old tho
Both games are horrific in their repeating levels. Fall guys transition into a new game is so God dam slow. I've had games where I derped and my round was shorter than getting back to the menu screen.
    Then why are you in this subreddit to begin with?
        It's on the front page.
They both aren’t that good but I can see why people like them. The real breadwinner for me is the No Man’s Sky update
    [deleted]
        I liked Fall Guys a while back when it first came out on PS Plus but I found it was only really enjoyable if you’re playing with friends
Among us was made 2 years ago- 

“ALRIGHT I GET IT!”
    Yeah I was playing it on mobile like a year and a half ago withy friends CONSTANTLY it was so fun, we once played on the bus coming back from a field trip, we got on a call and played for like an hour.
        [removed]
            Having jumped on it after it became popular and played countless games with players named things like Homophobe, LGBTQSUCKS, GeorgeFloyd (kept saying "I can't breathe" in chat), every possible variation of the n-word, people saying "vote off black because he's black"... It used to be *worse*?
                [removed]
                    You get awrd
                    Then you have the idiots that call you dumb for not figuring out the imposter
                You get awrd
                    Aw thanks!
                        :0 yelcome!
                    You get krma
                        :0 thank you
                That’s unbelieveable.. Wow
                    Wow you get awrd good redditor
                im shocked that people actually play with other people with the online lobbies.  how the hell would the game work without voicechat?
                    I wish I could do VC! I don't have a mic unfortunately. I've had some good games with randos in chat, I type very quickly and consider it a fun challenge to persuade people if I think they're voting too hastily or are hesitating to vote someone I know is imp. But yeah a lot of the time it's a train wreck.
                        you can use your phone as a mic if you download discord or mumble or whatever vc program u want to use
                            I never even thought of that! I'll have to give that a try.
                Yikes, that's bad, sorry you had to see that.
                Welcome to the internet, first time?
                Wow. Sounds like they'd give the rainbow six seige community competition for being the most toxic gaming community.




Edit: after seeing I got downvoted I thought I'd add that I'm not shitting on individuals who play seige but aren't toxic. I play siege and that's how I found out that the community tends to be reasonably toxic. If you're not doing this, you're not one of the people contributing to the toxicity. This reminded me of my experiences with seige but I also hate blanket statements so it's best to clarify that I don't mean everyone who plays seige acts like this. It's just common enough for the community to come across as toxic.
            Enlighten me, o wise blue one
                An everyone else gets awrd here you go
                    You generous bastard
                        Love you too random citizen
            You get awrd
            Yeah, that's very true
            Before it was popular, I played it, but I deleted it before it was popular.
        Same here! We would play during lunch break
            So you really hated it then?
                Huh?
                    Seems it left a bad taste in your mouth
                        Ah I get it
                            You edited your comment you traitorous bastard!
                                What did it originally say
                                Yeah burn the witch, what did he originally said?

Sorry for my bad English not native :(
                Up vote this man, the other guy edited the comment!
        yeah i also played it with my friends on mobile like a year ago
            What's that random award everyone keeps getting?
                i have no idea
        BRO SMAE
        You get awrd
            Omg my first award thank you very much!
                Yo really thats badass im happy your welcome :)
        Mobile? Holy shit it's free?!
            Yep, it has adds tho but only after games are over I think. And it is cross play between everything.
    Yeah I also get this meme which has been recycled every 4 hours or so for the past week
    I'm just pointing it out, this post implies that the game was made this year
    Not op evidently
    Here award fellow redditror
    Every single post mentioning it being one of the decent things in 2020 has “it cAmE oUt iN 2018” as the top comment. 

Everyone gets it. I wasn’t aware of it until it’s rise in popularity so regardless when it came out, I’m glad to have heard of it in 2020
    u/mr-pk is acting pretty sus
        
	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/mr-pk was The Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 0 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
            Good bot
                Thank you, heartbreakhill, for voting on botwasnotanimposter.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)
    Looks like who reply this comment gets free award :)
    hey guys its me, average redditor, about to tell you something everyone else knows
[And the game itself is basically a card game called 'mafia'](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mafia_(party_game)). By far my favorite card game when I was a kid and in my college time.

In a very short explanation, there's the God (story teller, he doesnt play/debate), the cop, the assassin, the angel and the rest are just civilians. 

Basically, god tells to all the people sleep (close eyes), then he tells to the assassin wake up and kill someone (open his eyes and points at someone), then, ask him to sleep again and then god wakes up the angel to point at someone he wants to protect (if it's the person the assassin pointed the player is saved). Then, after the angel, the cop awakes and points at anyone, and god tells him if the guy is the assassin or not.

After all that, god asks to everyone wake up and tells them what have happened, lets say "so, last night the assassin tried to kill someone, and in fact he did. John, you got killed / John, an angel saved you! You guys shall now debate and vote!"

Only rule: You cannot tell whats your role, and you cannot say something like "god told me it's him!"

If there are many people, roles can be created, like the bad civilian, which basically tries to debate in favor of the assassin, however, he have no clue who's the assassin, but you get the point.
    I have heard people say how creative this game is and I’m like have you ever heard of mafia or werewolf, literally the same idea. 

Among us is fun as hell but it isn’t innovative or something new.
        Oh it's newz in mafia most of it was guesswork and how somone sounds. In this it's about keeping a track of where people are and killing and sabotage
            There are definitely new things added to this experience that I really prefer. And there are certain things I feel ehh about but at the core you can tell it’s definitely inspired by games like werewolf and mafia
                If you’re looking for that level of originality you’re gonna consider everything derivative
                    Well that’s only if you think something needs to be innovative or different to be enjoyable. I don’t believe something needs to be innovative to be enjoyable. I just don’t like calling everything innovative if I enjoy it. I only reserve that for certain titles.
                        That’s fair but what would you even call innovative nowadays? Even Undertale, which I think was one of the more innovative and refreshing games of the last decade, can be considered a synthesis of different aspects of various Mario and Luigis, Earthbound, and various other games which the developer cites. I think there are grounds to call it innovative on the scale of what can even be considered as such bc it offers a great spin to a base game everyone knows.
                            I rarely ever consider anything innovative, though that’s a personal opinion. But I would consider Dreams for the PS4 innovative (and I don’t even care for it since I have no interest in creating) 

Minecraft, LBP, Halo, the MOD in Day Z to make it a battle royal, Journey, Gears of war, Demon Souls, The Longing.

There’s multiple ways to innovate, games like mass effect with the branching story lines, telltale games  and the graphic novel story telling,  heavy rain created an entire new genre of gaming. 

I would even say Death Stranding even though it’s sucks. It is actually so innovative that it is no part of the orientation for UPS and Fed Ex



I actually just bought undertale a few days ago was going to start playing it today. I have heard it’s super innovated. So I’ll get back to you on it lol.
        I disagree, innovation doesn't have to be ground breaking and among us makes meaningful steps to better the game. 

Werewolf (and in particular one-night-werewolf) is I think one of the best social deduction party games ever designed. It takes the fun concept of madia and eliminates the worst part of the game - sitting around for a long time while the rest of the game goes on. Additionally it adds a variety of powers to the game (some present in mafia, many new) to get more interaction among the players and reduce multi-round deductions to a single 5 min game. 

However, in werewolf some of the powers aren't the most exciting. Cards like the Insomniac usually don't do anything. The villagers generally have very little interaction with the game. And certain cards like the troublemaker are annoying and poorly designed as they play for the human team (the one trying to gather as much knowledge as possible to deduce the killers), but introduce randomness which only benefits the opposing team. 

Among us, addresses a lot of these concepts. Not perfectly but in some very interesting ways. 

Unlike villagers or just random players in mafia with minimal/impactful roles, players are always part of the game and have a something they need to do to win. This has two main added benefits:

1) It means people who are assigned crew roles at least have some small goals they must work towards while also trying to figure out who the imposter is. Even after death they stay in game and finishing their tasks means they can still win.

2) More importantly, it provides an alternative win-con for the crew and forces the imposters hand to play more aggressively.

Together these points make the game feel way more dynamic and eliminate non-games that occasionally pop up in werewolf. 

However, these tasks also benefit the imposter in that it forces players to move around and do things so they can't just be watching for the imposters 100% of the time. In comparison in a game of Mafia you usually sit around and try to hear what's going on with 100% attention. In Among Us, if you don't complete your tasks you'll probably lose, and completing most tasks obscures your vision and leaves you vulnerable. Its a delicate balance that adds a nice dynamic to the game. 

By adding a play element (as opposed to just discussion and voting), among us also means you need to act convincing as opposed to just sounding convincing. I've personally found it much harder to get people to vote as I want them too when they can see for themselves someone acting weirdly, whereas in werewolf I could usually convince them otherwise. This play component also means that anyone can investigate anyone at anytime, by following them around checking if they're doing tasks, etc. 

In short Among Us is a fairly unique take on the social deduction game genre and innovates in a pretty interesting ways. It has a lot of the same themes and play patterns as other deduction games but with a much more fleshed out killing/play phase, which provides much greater agency to both players and imposters/werewolves making the game more dynamic and reducing the number of non-games that creep up in older members of the genre.
            The hidden role game type has been around for a long time and has been iterated on a lot with a lot of Mafia/Werewolf's issues fixed. Some of my favorite board games in the genre are Secret Hitler, Bang!!!, Battlestar Galactica, and Dead of Winter.

The hidden role game has been a staple of small video games and custom maps for video games. There have been mods in WC3, mods in Garry's Mod, mods in GTAV. Then of course there's Deceit, Unfortunate Spacemen, Project Winter, and Secret Neighbor. All of which have tasks for the victims to do. Among Us is basically just a 2D Unfortunate Spacemen. All of them are fun and have their merits but let's not pretend that Among Us brought the hidden role game to video games.
                My comment was deleted with reddit server issues, but here's a summary from memory. 

1) There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf). Secret Hitler definitely falls in the later category, but the other 3 do not. I've only played Bang! but read the summaries on BGG, but none of them seem to have deduction as a key aspect of the game. For the purposes of the specific sub-genre we're talking about, its games where the deduction is the whole point and you use it to eliminate players either directly (e.g. Among Us, werewolf) or indirectly (e.g. Secret Hitler (though it has direct too), Resistance: Avalon). 

2) Your comment about Unfortunate Spaceman in particular is funny, since I agree, though think you structured it backwards: Unfortunate Spaceman is 3D Among Us with some shooting thrown in, given it was produced ~2 years after Among Us. In fact all the games but Deceit came out after Among Us, showing how a little innovation in how we move through deduction games can spawn numerous other people pushing it in unique directions.
                    >There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf).

All of the hidden role games I listed are deduction games. Hidden role games aren't always automatically deduction games but it's usually a safe bet that they are. The games I listed have a varying degree of more game to them but they're absolutely all deduction as a primary aspect. Dead of Winter is the only one where you can argue that the more game is just as important or maybe a little bit more important than the deduction. If you look the games up on boardgamegeek that site will agree.

Unfortunate Spacemen was released in early access in 2016. The other two were indeed more recent affairs. Unless Among Us had an early access period that I'm unaware of Unfortunate Spacemen was definitely first of the two.
                        Damn knew I was forgetting something. This is why I wish my original comment saved :(

Of the one's I've played Secret Hitler is, but Bang! most certainly is not. The deduction in bang is trivial at best and there's little point in deceiving anyone when you can only shot 1-2 spaces away from you. The rest as I mentioned are not, and strike me more akin to something like the objective cards in Nemesis. 

With respect to Boardgame geek I think we can both agree that social deduction games are a very different beast than just regular deduction games. If you click the BGG deduction tag, you'll see that one of the most popular titles is codenames which is a deduction name true, but far and away different than werewolf.
            I don’t disagree with you in anyway. And the game does implement some nice touches. It’s just to me it doesn’t really add anything that I felt moved the needle of the genre in new direction. Unless you consider the popularity of the game, the popularity of Among Us is extremely impressive. And I fucking love the game but I just don’t consider it that innovative. 

On a side note have you ever heard of The Resistance: Avalon? I think you’d really like it. It a deduction game but can get pretty advanced with special skills and ways to investigate. It’s not really innovative but definitely more enjoyable than just regular mafia/werewolf.
                I have, and enjoy it! I haven't played it enough to truly master it myself, but I think its well designed. Secret Hitler I think is a nice new addition to the genre. I played that one more and can strongly recommend.
                    Yeah I heard really good things about secret hitler. I need to play it.
                        I will also second Secret Hitler. My sister got it for me last year and it's so much fun!
        Most games people gush over are just remixes of already established games, with a few new hooks to justify their existence. Among Us is no different.

A game doesn't need to be wildly innovative or groundbreaking to be a good game.
            I agree my comment was about how some people are saying it’s super creative. 

I really like among us, it’s fun. At the end of the day all that really matters is how fun the game is.
                Agreed. For me, being fun is the most important aspect.
                Secret identities games have been around for a very long time, it's one of the staple of board games, really. Mafia, Werewolf, Secret Hitler, The Resistence/Avalon, Time Bomb, Battle Star Galactica, Saboteur, Sporz, Blood on the Clocktower, Two Rooms and a Boom, etc.

That part is certainly not new nor creative. The way they turned this classic formula, kept the "hidden identities discussions" at the heart of the game while enhancing it with a fun and simplistic gameplay that hids a ton of depth... yeah, I'd call it innovative and creative.
        it's a social game where personal influence is the most important skill in the game. I know i haven't played a video game like this before. I don't get how it isn't innovative.
            It isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time. They have card games, party games even Town of Salem which has been around for over 6 years all follow the same strategic ideology as among us. 

Now they do have new things thrown in that those other games don’t have but the core ideology behind the game is a copy of other games.
                That’s like saying any new first person shooter can’t be innovative because Doom already did it
                    More like saying that all the Doom-Clones that came after it were not innovative, and they were not really. Among Us is not groundbreaking innovation, but its still a fun game. There is, like he pointed out, a ton of these kind of games (both online and boardgame variants)
                    No, it’s like saying that a first person shooter can’t be innovative based solely on it being a first person shooter, it can be innovative in other areas (maybe it’s also a great platformer or the level of choice is unprecedented or whatever) but you wouldn’t say “wow this game is so innovative, you shoot people from a first person perspective!”

These people are saying Among Us is innovative because you use subterfuge, influence, and strategy to determine who the killer is, which is something that’s been done plenty. It’s added some twists but the core of the game is *so* similar to existing games it’s hard to call it truly innovative. 

To use your example, while Quake is great FPS I wouldn’t call it *really* innovative because Doom already did most of what Quake did, it was different but the core was the same. Team Fortress is also an FPS, but it added something completely novel that created its own segment of games, the hero shooter. Team Fortress was an FPS that innovated while remaining an FPS at its core which fundamentally changed the game, while Quake was an FPS that while not without twists was fundamentally very similar to Doom. Among Us is Quake in this metaphor
                    This comment would only work if Doom was innovative
                        Wait wait wait, are you saying the very first doom wasn't innovative? Cause if so, you are absolutely wrong and need to refresh yourself on gaming history.
                            Sorry I had a brain fart I was thinking 2016 doom not original doom
                        How was Doom not innovative? Nothing even close to it had been seen before. The few forst person shooters that did exist were extremely basic in comparison.

That’s besides the point though. Just because mafia and werewolf are social deduction games doesn’t mean any other social deduction game can’t be innovative.
                            Yeah don’t know why my mind went to 2016 doom not original doom. 

I’m not saying any other social deduction game can’t be innovative I’m saying among us wasn’t. Don’t generalize my statement

I really enjoy among us but no time while playing have I felt like this game really took the genre to a new level or made jumps forward that really changed my perspective on deduction games.
                                2016 Doom was also hugely innovative for modern FPS games
                                I’m not arguing that it is or isn’t innovative. Just responding to your first point ”it isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time”.

I’m saying that a game can be innovative despite the type of game being around for a long time.
                        First 3d game with diagonal walls
            Games like this have existed for a long time. Trouble in Terrorist Town is popular in modding communities
            Because they didn't create the game, this is basically a port and reskin of an existing game, I think is the argument. 

Maybe innovative in bringing it to the digital/online gaming world though.
        Plus muder mystery is pretty close to among us, to me even fall guys isn't original
            real ones remember wipeout on the 360 kinect 😤😤😤
            I used to play Town of Salem and it’s really similar to among us. 

But yeah fall guys isn’t shattering the walls of innovation in any way. Now if they were to add a little big planet slap mechanic to combat grabbers then I would be thoroughly impressed.
        Yep I played the original werewolf map on Warcraft 3 and some of those custom maps I played and the friends I made are my best gaming memories as a kid.
Line tower wars, Island defense, Dota, mafia and uther party are my favourites.
        nothing is
        There's a good version on jackbox as well. Requires everyone to be in person though.
        I mean, "hidden role games" are quite plentiful, and have been popular for quite a while. Its just really a matter of putting a twist on that genre. I've never played Among Us, but that really is what the game is.

And just because you didn't pioneer a genre doesn't prevent the game from being fresh and fun, as long as it has unique twists and takes on the genre.
        Have you played among us?

Sure it's a hidden role game, like secret Hitler, werewolves, mafia and many many many many others. But the game doesn't play like any of them. The fact that it's realtime and uses actual mechanics (instead of "it's night so your character is asleep") is in the most literal of senses, game changing.
            Yes I have. I think you’re reading to much into my comment

Have you played unfortunate spaceman?  It got its full release a little while ago but its been in beta testing for a couple of years now. Don’t know which was initially announced first but unfortunate spacemen and among us are virtually carbon copies of each other.
                The closest relation between among us and unfortunate spaceman is that they're both hidden role games in space. That's it. I genuinely can't tell if you're being disingenuous or if you genuinely have no idea about the existence of the entire hidden role game genre.
                    I definitely shouldn’t have said carbon copy cause they have difference. But the core idea behind the game is the same. 

I don’t get what the issue is here do you guys own stock in this game. My initial comment is that I have heard people call the game innovative and I disagree. There’s nothing wrong with it not being innovative most stuff isn’t. 

Also don’t know if if I’m reading your words wrong but you are coming off as a prick to me and I don’t fuck with you like that.
                I've only just heard about Unfortunate Spacemen but it is not like Among Us lmao, aside from the core concept of having a traitor on your team, they are different games entirely.
        Check out Unfortunate Spaceman. I like its take on Mafia style game play. 

One person is the monster who can disguise itself as a spaceman. You can also assume the images of the people you have killed. Goal is to kill all players.

Players have tasks and they can either kill the monster, or do enough tasks to call a rescue ship and detonate a nuke. 

There's power that can be cut off/repaired as well and a bunch of other stuff. Pretty fun for a bit
            You could have left out the title and I would have assumed you were talking about Among Us. Sounds almost exactly the same
                I haven't played among us so TIL, thanks!
            I actually brought up this game in one of my other comments and got eaten alive for saying it was similar to among us. 

Apparently according to others the only similarities is that the game is based in space
        I would say it’s sorta innovative to bring that concept from Mafia/Werewolf into a video game
            Agreed except among us wasn’t the first video game to do it.
    In Germany its called "Werewofl"

With witches, werewolves, hunters and ordinary citizens
        Mega geiles Spiel. Erinnerung kommen auf <3
        Psvr has werewolves within. Same game basically but in vr. Not sure if it's on pcvr. And it was so much fun when it was full of players (it's dead these days)

Werewolves, villagers, and a few different player types that can give information to everyone else. Like if there's a wolf to the left, pray to see how many wolves are present, can detect what the role of one player is etc.
    I play one with my family called 'Donner Dinner Party'. Its basically a card game. 1-3 people are a cannibal and the rest are pioneers. Each turn, the pioneers all draw 2 cards (either food, poison, medicine, or empty hands) they then go around and put the card of their choosing in front of the camp leader. 

Camp leader shuffles and then lays out the cards. If there isnt enough food to feed each player, or it was poisoned, everyone votes to see who they eat for the night so they don't starve. Pioneers are trying to pick the cannibal, while cannibals try to eat the pioneers. Its pretty fun!
    I’ve been playing mafia with friends for a decade and also online, never heard of the rule that you can’t tell what your role is/can’t say you correctly investigated the mafia. You could obviously just be lying so what’s the point of that rule? 

We decide roles by dealing cards and essentially the only rules are no talking or opening your eyes at night (unless it’s your turn), talking while you’re dead, or showing anyone your card. You can say literally anything you want though.
        Like many games, the rules varies from region or group of friends. 
In my country mafia is called something like "the city sleeps". And we play with these rules otherwise people only discuss things like "Im the cop". "No, you're not, Im the cop! You guys can vote me later if the suspect isn't this lying cop!" Etc...

So by not allowing this, people have different, fun and somewhat smart discussions.
            I disagree. That’s like saying you’re not allowed to say you saw someone vent in Among Us because then it becomes “no I saw you vent” “no you vented.” Much of the game is deducing who’s lying based on their voice, their story, their inflection, etc. and I find it fun when 2 people counterclaim each other and the rest have to ultimately decide who’s lying. Even with our open discussion rules people often don’t counterclaim cop. In general I just think in a game that’s literally just about lying it’s dumb to make rules about what someone can or can’t say.
    We played a variation of this called "Werewolf" in high school. For whatever reason, I always ended up being lynched by the mob during day 1

Every.

Single.

Time.

I guess it was because I just had a naturally suspicious appearance, but in the two or so years that we played the game, I never played one of the Werewolves (equivalent to the Assassin in Mafia), and in the end, a rule was implemented to give me diplomatic immunity during the first lynching.

ಠ_ಠ
    Im not sure if this is cheating but i fake tell everyone my role, thats a play i do most of the time. Like even if im the killer, and im sure that i killed the cop, i say that im the cop and convince them that someone else is the killer.
        How do you know you killed the cop though? If the cop is still alive, that's a surefire way to out yourself.
            Well its a high risk high reward play. If you pull it off its a sure win, but if you get caught you lose. During late game, like 4-5 people remaining, people are desperate for info and will ask the cop to come out. Thats when you say youre the cop.
    Oh man you’re right! I completely forgot about this game!
    So it's an alternative TTT?
    We used to occasionally play this in my high school Spanish class haha. If you enjoy the game and have a group of folks to play with I’d definitely recommend picking up Secret Hitler. It’s a social deduction game as well and a big hit when I break it out at family gatherings.
    Me and my friends played it as well during elementary, but instead of a card game simply just by telling the God what we want to do and everything when everyone is "sleeping"
This was such a fun game back then
    You should check out Town of Salem, Among us is barely Mafia/Werewolf.
    It not mafia, its a secret roll game, its a whole genre of board games from secret Hitler, werewolf to mafia. It is different from all of them in its own way, its more active, and more suited for the medium of a video games
    There’s an [app](https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/mafia-mystery/id892955084) for Mafia too
    It's not the first social deduction game, but the mechanics of among us make it so much better and deeper than any other. There's so much more than simply talking to each other and so much that both the town and the killers can do to help deduce or hide intentions.

Mafia is just so much blind luck, but Among Us has very little luck involved as everyone gets to control the situations they end up in.
    Check out town of salem it's a great pc game and it's exactly this.
    Only difference is that innocents do stuff
    I played this on a weekend cycling trip with the Outdoor program at school last year.  It was a lot of fun - and part of the reason I think I'll start playing Among Us.
    Welcome to traitor games, a ton of amazing board games in the genre. In college I used to play a Battlestar Galactica traitor board game every week at the board gaming club, never saw the show, but the game was pretty solid. Plenty of others too that are amazing.
sus
    u/tied_up_tubes vented.
Isn't it also based off of a mini game from jack box? I remember playing a mini game that was super close to it a couple years ago, and I thought people were meming about THAT at first
    There is a jackbox minigame that's similar to Among Us, but both games are (likely) inspired by the card game Mafia or Werewolves. 

As for the jackbox game, it didn't work too well in my experience.
https://i.imgur.com/vOvltn2.png
That’s kinda sus dude. Vote him out!
So?
    Just saying the game was created before 2020
        The main point is that it’s gained a lot of popularity in the past couple months.
Are we in Love inc. here?
Yeah but it's only popular now
Impostor.
Lvl 31 and I've never even been close. I have not been in the market for fast-paced competitive gaming since UT2004. My wife told me about this game and we got it to fuck around with. Now I'm in limbo with, "Should I just continue to fuck around occasionally with this, or actually buckle down and practice daily and try to get a win?"

Edit: Perhaps instead of "fast-paced" I should have said "git gud" games that require practice and skill, regardless of the perceived speed.
    belive me my wife have. never played video games and she won like 5 or 6 times already. never give up. she's 29 btw
        My 10 yr old step daughter has 1 win on fall mountain. I (a 31 yr old lady) have 20 wins, and my husband has 0.
    Do whatever feels better for you, if you're having fun keep playing, if not take a break since if you do it just for the reward there's a strong risk you might get burned out.  


Personally I've gotten a couple wins (during a time I played regularly, basically everyday for a week) but overall I start the game because I enjoy the bean life and messing around, at the end of the day there's a lot of random stuff involved so don't feel bad for not winning, you'll get there eventually if you stick to it.  


Best of lucks either way!
    No worries man. I’m level 31 with 2 wins. It makes it really rewarding when you pull it out.
    "fast paced"?
        Yes. Reaction and timing are critical for success in this game, whereas it isn't for my standard fare: Civilization, Catan, MMOs, Animal Crossing, Divinity, and other slow-moving games.
            oh got it... you only need to learn wherr to go instead of what to do... the only pain in the ass round ia the one you need to steal a tail. I  hate that round but all other is more about " luck". but really don't give uo, I win like 1 oe 2 rounds a day and for sure tje game was better before, during the time that I just couldn't win.
                you will be downvoted for typing like a mong but this is a nice comment
                    yes it's hard to type on the phone while walking. and i really couldn't care less about up or downvotes.
                        truly a wandering prophet
                            I am very smart
it really is like that sometimes
Level 20 and 0 wins :( I really wish I would get a map ofther than Fall Mountain for the Final round.
    Fall Mountain sucks
I’ve made like 20 finals with zero wins. Lol me
Level 38 and 3 wins... But I swear, I was just incredibly lucky with nothing getting in my way. I've seen some people on the fall guys sub with like 30+ crowns and god I really want to see their final matches lol
Choked so many times at the jump to the crown in Fall Mountain
    No matter how many times I tell myself to be patient at the end I always jump immediately like an idiot.
Level 32 here with 4 wins, can’t say they were easy.
Wait, you're winning?
Don't worry, I'm lvl 40 with a whopping one win, and even that one barely happened.
Level 40 completed and still at 2. And that’s out of dozens of final placements :/
Are you on pc because I don’t think I’ve gotten to one final round without cheaters
I'm level 25 with 0 wins, so think about how bad I feel.
I got like 12 or something
Level 14 with 8 and i’m only 6 years old
Besides Pyre everything supergiant games develops is straight fire. (The rhyme is definitely intended)
    I would agree. Even Pyre I found some enjoyment with. Just wore out it's welcome very fast.
        Yeah agreed. I just feel like when you just killing it with every game and come out with an ehh tittle it just looks worse.
            Have you played Hades yourself yet? If so, come join us at /r/HadesTheGame
                No not yet. It’s on my list but I just bought another game so need to wait for the paycheck. I know Nintendo is selling it for 20 right now


I’m not a huge rogue fan besides rouge legacy but I have heard so many good things. And I trust supergiant
                    I just learned this from a friend who bought it... you can get Hades on EGS for $10 right now. All you have to do is claim Rocket League for free on their store and they give you a $10 coupon. Use that towards Hades, which is on sale for $20 and you get it for the best price it will probably be for a while.
    Funnily enough the only Supergiant game I've played was Pyre, and I loved the setting/atmoshpere/lore/characters. Gameplay was alright but I sticked to it because everything else was 10/10 for me.   
What's a good second step?
        Bastion is one of my favorite games of all time. Beautiful story and characters, and very engaging gameplay.
        Any of their other 3 games. Bastion is the oldest and a well liked gem of the early 2010s indie scene. Transistor is a newer game with a beautiful art style and some pretty unique combat. Hades is the new hotness of course.

But every single one of them is considered a masterpiece in its own right. They all have great storytelling, they all have great gameplay, they all have great art, they're all great. You might as well flip a coin to decide which one to play.
        Do you have a switch? Cause they were selling Bastion and Transistor for 2 bucks each about a month ago. Don’t know if the deal is still going. 

And I’d go Bastion then Transistor. Bastions really good but Transistor is a fucking gem! Great story, fun innovative turn based  like gameplay, and amazing score!
            Tried playing transistor when it was on sale, couldn't put up with the sword that just wouldn't stop commenting on everything, also the gameplay was really hard to get a grip with.

Hades is a BOP tho, and loving it.
                The same thing happens to my brother. It’s like a weird turn based gameplay. I enjoyed it but it definitely had a learning curve and definitely not for everyone. 

I think the story was great but the sword wouldn’t shut the fuck up it also didn’t help that the MC didn’t talk.
    They did Bastion right? That game was awesome.
    But Pyre was incredible! Easily one of the best games of that year for me and my favorite game of theirs. Different tastes I guess
        Different strokes for different folks
    That's interesting because Pyre is only Supergiant game I like.
        I didn’t think it was bad just wasn’t for me but we can’t all have the same taste!
            Oh for sure, that's the great thing about games!
Plus Spiritfarer, The Last Campfire, Spelunky 2, and several others. It's been a great year for indie games
Looked up hades, saw it's made by the folks who made Bastion, instant buy.
    It's the best they have made in my opinion. Bastion is still second though.
Hades is so good, bought on a whim and haven’t put it down since
I'm not really familiar with the roguelike gameplay loop. Do you get to keep your progress from one run to the next?
    Yes and no. Everything about your "build" you lose between runs but you carry over some of the currency to upgrade things. Hades is also fairly unique in that it actually has a semblance of a story and characters will comment on previous runs and interactions.
        Do you keep the upgrades that you spend the currency on?
            Yes, for the most part. Each run you will get to choose upgrades for that specific journey, but when you die those are lost. However, the upgrades you buy with a few different forms of currency you get to keep. So, you’re getting stronger every run, and it’s a new path each time you play. It’s honestly insanely fun, especially for $20. I bought a copy for two friends because I’ve had so much fun with it.
ive been hearing a lot of people make a comment about how they really like this game, i think its time i play it
Spiritfarer is better than both of the games in the meme. Stella deserves the spot.
    I started that and enjoyed it a bit but got sidetracked by other games/bored. I plan to get back to it though.
I also submit BPM: Bullets Per Second, probably my favorite game of the year
And Rocket League going free is such a steal for anyone who hasn’t played. I’ve been playing RL almost daily for 3 years. I have 1000s of hours. Best $20 I ever spent and you can get it for free.
  
Fall Guys was the first game that pulled me away from RL in a long time. Now I play both daily.  
  
Also just bought Hades yesterday and looking forward to playing more tonight!
    i got it and it was fun but kinda sad it's off steam tbh i was gonna buy it there but they announced the removal
I was so hesitant to buy it on switch.  I’m so glad I did.  I can’t put this shit down I love it.
it's the best indie game of the year no doubt, coming from a guy that plays a shit load of Indies. I love this game
Dead cells too
But that's not on Steam tho.
    What's your point?
Woo
Yellows been looking kinda sus, we should vote him out
    I was with Yellow in Medbay.
        Idk man, still pretty sus
They are publishers, not developers, and they mostly publish indie games. That being said, i dont think fall guys is a triple-A by any means, but also debatable if its indie.
    Right before they released fall guys, mediatonic, the developers, employed 230 people. There's no way that's indie lol
    Fall guys is a classic double-A game, just like Larian studios & the divinity: original sin series.
Ye
    Ye
        Ye
            Ye
Big peak of popularity but imo its like an offense to say its a 2020 game
    i’d only say it’s a 2020 game because it’s the most popular in 202
    It basically is. The game wasn't really playable before since most people would just dismiss but now that it's so popular it's easy to get a group of friends to play with you
        Not really. I played it mid 2019 and it was basically the same. You can suggest to friends games to download
            Not so easy to convince someone to buy a game. And while the mobile version is free my friends ,and am guessing most people's, aren't interested in playing a mobile game.
                Most of my non-gaming friends have Macs, so they can't even play on the computer.  It being mobile & free is amazing because everybody we'd want to play with is willing to try it.
                >	and am guessing most people’s, aren’t interested in playing a mobile game.

Almost all my friends play on iPads or Chromebooks. They haven’t reopened schools in my state, so everyone with kids picked up one of those (if they didn’t already have one).
    I mean most people find out about smaller games through marketplace promotion, content creators playing them, or hearing from our friends. This one originally fell into the dozens of games that come out every day that no one talks about. Now its the first time most people heard about it, so it is a 2020 game for most.
It just never had any vision on it. The game looks amazing when you see a bunch of people who know each other playing with voice chat. That can spread virally without any kind of slowdown. 

I tried playing randoms with just chat and it’s remarkably average. If that was what most people experienced before it started streaming then I could see why it was staying small. 

I attribute playing it with voice chat to like a board game. Super accessible and simple but the socializing it encourages is the real pull of the game.
    Yeah, i used to play with a full lobby with my friends, really fun, never played alone with randoms, but to me and my friends the hype is already gone. Maybe i will try again sometime, idk
    Yeah. I've watched a ton of videos and thought it looked like a blast. Considering buying it then remembered I have four friends on Steam and I've literally never once played a game with any of them.
I used to play it with friends during lunch, but obviously we’ve gotta play together online now 😅
Perhaps it's because of the release of the Henry Stickmin collection?
Streamers is one part, Markiplier/the devs releasing Henry Stickmin Collection is another.
They're currently working on a sequel.
I believe they’ve come out and said that they will not be updating Among Us and instead will work on Among Us 2. They aren’t that far into production of 2, however.
I feel kinda sad for the developers as they are only a team of like 3 people so they can't quickly make new content/updates to capitalize on the succes. Aming us 2 will take atleast 1-2 years to realize which will be after the hype. Hope they can find good contacts kn the industry to help them out
    Im sure with the sudden increase in popularity they will quickly figure out how to find new help. Not to mention it looks like an enticing project for developers to join in on. It’s already successful so it’s an extremely safe gamble for corporations to invest in.

The only thing the dev team need to worry about is whether or not they want to sell their game to a bigger studio or keep working on it.
They’re making a sequel. The original’s coding is so messy that it would take longer to add actual content than to make a whole new game with more robust coding.
Among Us
sus
Okayyyy
its not popular
    You take that back
        i havent seen it being talked about anywhere
            TAKE THAT BACK. THE GAME IS A GODDAMNED MASTERPIECE.
Me either
Yeah main reason these are so popular are because you can play them with friends and are easy to understand so anyone can play.
stfu
whys this downvoted?
    Who knows. Lets help him recover.
Nearly 2 months ago, but in hell-world 2020 each month is a year in the normal timeline.
Among us is the one that came out 2 years ago
Why are you on this sub then lol?
Devolver Digital has 20 employees. That's kind of quintessential indie.
    Devolver is the publisher. Mediatonic, the developer, has 230 employees. That's not indie lol
        The person I'm responding to specifically referred to Devolver. Indie games refer to games created without the backing of a large studio publisher. It definitely meets the criteria of an indie game.
            hrm. I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it. You're putting more of the "indie" part on the publisher, which I don't agree with. You can have a small team of publishers provide massive amounts of funding to a massive team of developers. By your definition, that's still indie just bc the publishing team has a small number of people, and that defeats the purpose of being indie.
                >I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it.

But the definition of indie is that it's an independent studio doing it without major support from a publisher. But even going by your definition the entire studio wasn't developing it though. [The team for the game at mediatonic was only 30 people at its highest.](https://venturebeat.com/2020/07/29/fall-guys-ultimate-knockout-how-mediatonic-crafted-a-cute-battle-royale/)


>GamesBeat: How big is the team that’s been working on this?

>Tanton: We peaked at around 30. It started with early prototyping with the classic five people sitting in a room, working out how the thing moves, but it’s obviously grown since then.
                    I didn't know that only part of mediatonic worked on it, so I concede your point about that, but if they did have devolver backing them, isn't that major support from a publisher?
True, but they are still independent.
Then why are you in this subreddit to begin with?
    It's on the front page.
[deleted]
    I liked Fall Guys a while back when it first came out on PS Plus but I found it was only really enjoyable if you’re playing with friends
Yeah I was playing it on mobile like a year and a half ago withy friends CONSTANTLY it was so fun, we once played on the bus coming back from a field trip, we got on a call and played for like an hour.
    [removed]
        Having jumped on it after it became popular and played countless games with players named things like Homophobe, LGBTQSUCKS, GeorgeFloyd (kept saying "I can't breathe" in chat), every possible variation of the n-word, people saying "vote off black because he's black"... It used to be *worse*?
            [removed]
                You get awrd
                Then you have the idiots that call you dumb for not figuring out the imposter
            You get awrd
                Aw thanks!
                    :0 yelcome!
                You get krma
                    :0 thank you
            That’s unbelieveable.. Wow
                Wow you get awrd good redditor
            im shocked that people actually play with other people with the online lobbies.  how the hell would the game work without voicechat?
                I wish I could do VC! I don't have a mic unfortunately. I've had some good games with randos in chat, I type very quickly and consider it a fun challenge to persuade people if I think they're voting too hastily or are hesitating to vote someone I know is imp. But yeah a lot of the time it's a train wreck.
                    you can use your phone as a mic if you download discord or mumble or whatever vc program u want to use
                        I never even thought of that! I'll have to give that a try.
            Yikes, that's bad, sorry you had to see that.
            Welcome to the internet, first time?
            Wow. Sounds like they'd give the rainbow six seige community competition for being the most toxic gaming community.




Edit: after seeing I got downvoted I thought I'd add that I'm not shitting on individuals who play seige but aren't toxic. I play siege and that's how I found out that the community tends to be reasonably toxic. If you're not doing this, you're not one of the people contributing to the toxicity. This reminded me of my experiences with seige but I also hate blanket statements so it's best to clarify that I don't mean everyone who plays seige acts like this. It's just common enough for the community to come across as toxic.
        Enlighten me, o wise blue one
            An everyone else gets awrd here you go
                You generous bastard
                    Love you too random citizen
        You get awrd
        Yeah, that's very true
        Before it was popular, I played it, but I deleted it before it was popular.
    Same here! We would play during lunch break
        So you really hated it then?
            Huh?
                Seems it left a bad taste in your mouth
                    Ah I get it
                        You edited your comment you traitorous bastard!
                            What did it originally say
                            Yeah burn the witch, what did he originally said?

Sorry for my bad English not native :(
            Up vote this man, the other guy edited the comment!
    yeah i also played it with my friends on mobile like a year ago
        What's that random award everyone keeps getting?
            i have no idea
    BRO SMAE
    You get awrd
        Omg my first award thank you very much!
            Yo really thats badass im happy your welcome :)
    Mobile? Holy shit it's free?!
        Yep, it has adds tho but only after games are over I think. And it is cross play between everything.
Yeah I also get this meme which has been recycled every 4 hours or so for the past week
I'm just pointing it out, this post implies that the game was made this year
Not op evidently
Here award fellow redditror
Every single post mentioning it being one of the decent things in 2020 has “it cAmE oUt iN 2018” as the top comment. 

Everyone gets it. I wasn’t aware of it until it’s rise in popularity so regardless when it came out, I’m glad to have heard of it in 2020
u/mr-pk is acting pretty sus
    
	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/mr-pk was The Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 0 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
        Good bot
            Thank you, heartbreakhill, for voting on botwasnotanimposter.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)
Looks like who reply this comment gets free award :)
hey guys its me, average redditor, about to tell you something everyone else knows
I have heard people say how creative this game is and I’m like have you ever heard of mafia or werewolf, literally the same idea. 

Among us is fun as hell but it isn’t innovative or something new.
    Oh it's newz in mafia most of it was guesswork and how somone sounds. In this it's about keeping a track of where people are and killing and sabotage
        There are definitely new things added to this experience that I really prefer. And there are certain things I feel ehh about but at the core you can tell it’s definitely inspired by games like werewolf and mafia
            If you’re looking for that level of originality you’re gonna consider everything derivative
                Well that’s only if you think something needs to be innovative or different to be enjoyable. I don’t believe something needs to be innovative to be enjoyable. I just don’t like calling everything innovative if I enjoy it. I only reserve that for certain titles.
                    That’s fair but what would you even call innovative nowadays? Even Undertale, which I think was one of the more innovative and refreshing games of the last decade, can be considered a synthesis of different aspects of various Mario and Luigis, Earthbound, and various other games which the developer cites. I think there are grounds to call it innovative on the scale of what can even be considered as such bc it offers a great spin to a base game everyone knows.
                        I rarely ever consider anything innovative, though that’s a personal opinion. But I would consider Dreams for the PS4 innovative (and I don’t even care for it since I have no interest in creating) 

Minecraft, LBP, Halo, the MOD in Day Z to make it a battle royal, Journey, Gears of war, Demon Souls, The Longing.

There’s multiple ways to innovate, games like mass effect with the branching story lines, telltale games  and the graphic novel story telling,  heavy rain created an entire new genre of gaming. 

I would even say Death Stranding even though it’s sucks. It is actually so innovative that it is no part of the orientation for UPS and Fed Ex



I actually just bought undertale a few days ago was going to start playing it today. I have heard it’s super innovated. So I’ll get back to you on it lol.
    I disagree, innovation doesn't have to be ground breaking and among us makes meaningful steps to better the game. 

Werewolf (and in particular one-night-werewolf) is I think one of the best social deduction party games ever designed. It takes the fun concept of madia and eliminates the worst part of the game - sitting around for a long time while the rest of the game goes on. Additionally it adds a variety of powers to the game (some present in mafia, many new) to get more interaction among the players and reduce multi-round deductions to a single 5 min game. 

However, in werewolf some of the powers aren't the most exciting. Cards like the Insomniac usually don't do anything. The villagers generally have very little interaction with the game. And certain cards like the troublemaker are annoying and poorly designed as they play for the human team (the one trying to gather as much knowledge as possible to deduce the killers), but introduce randomness which only benefits the opposing team. 

Among us, addresses a lot of these concepts. Not perfectly but in some very interesting ways. 

Unlike villagers or just random players in mafia with minimal/impactful roles, players are always part of the game and have a something they need to do to win. This has two main added benefits:

1) It means people who are assigned crew roles at least have some small goals they must work towards while also trying to figure out who the imposter is. Even after death they stay in game and finishing their tasks means they can still win.

2) More importantly, it provides an alternative win-con for the crew and forces the imposters hand to play more aggressively.

Together these points make the game feel way more dynamic and eliminate non-games that occasionally pop up in werewolf. 

However, these tasks also benefit the imposter in that it forces players to move around and do things so they can't just be watching for the imposters 100% of the time. In comparison in a game of Mafia you usually sit around and try to hear what's going on with 100% attention. In Among Us, if you don't complete your tasks you'll probably lose, and completing most tasks obscures your vision and leaves you vulnerable. Its a delicate balance that adds a nice dynamic to the game. 

By adding a play element (as opposed to just discussion and voting), among us also means you need to act convincing as opposed to just sounding convincing. I've personally found it much harder to get people to vote as I want them too when they can see for themselves someone acting weirdly, whereas in werewolf I could usually convince them otherwise. This play component also means that anyone can investigate anyone at anytime, by following them around checking if they're doing tasks, etc. 

In short Among Us is a fairly unique take on the social deduction game genre and innovates in a pretty interesting ways. It has a lot of the same themes and play patterns as other deduction games but with a much more fleshed out killing/play phase, which provides much greater agency to both players and imposters/werewolves making the game more dynamic and reducing the number of non-games that creep up in older members of the genre.
        The hidden role game type has been around for a long time and has been iterated on a lot with a lot of Mafia/Werewolf's issues fixed. Some of my favorite board games in the genre are Secret Hitler, Bang!!!, Battlestar Galactica, and Dead of Winter.

The hidden role game has been a staple of small video games and custom maps for video games. There have been mods in WC3, mods in Garry's Mod, mods in GTAV. Then of course there's Deceit, Unfortunate Spacemen, Project Winter, and Secret Neighbor. All of which have tasks for the victims to do. Among Us is basically just a 2D Unfortunate Spacemen. All of them are fun and have their merits but let's not pretend that Among Us brought the hidden role game to video games.
            My comment was deleted with reddit server issues, but here's a summary from memory. 

1) There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf). Secret Hitler definitely falls in the later category, but the other 3 do not. I've only played Bang! but read the summaries on BGG, but none of them seem to have deduction as a key aspect of the game. For the purposes of the specific sub-genre we're talking about, its games where the deduction is the whole point and you use it to eliminate players either directly (e.g. Among Us, werewolf) or indirectly (e.g. Secret Hitler (though it has direct too), Resistance: Avalon). 

2) Your comment about Unfortunate Spaceman in particular is funny, since I agree, though think you structured it backwards: Unfortunate Spaceman is 3D Among Us with some shooting thrown in, given it was produced ~2 years after Among Us. In fact all the games but Deceit came out after Among Us, showing how a little innovation in how we move through deduction games can spawn numerous other people pushing it in unique directions.
                >There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf).

All of the hidden role games I listed are deduction games. Hidden role games aren't always automatically deduction games but it's usually a safe bet that they are. The games I listed have a varying degree of more game to them but they're absolutely all deduction as a primary aspect. Dead of Winter is the only one where you can argue that the more game is just as important or maybe a little bit more important than the deduction. If you look the games up on boardgamegeek that site will agree.

Unfortunate Spacemen was released in early access in 2016. The other two were indeed more recent affairs. Unless Among Us had an early access period that I'm unaware of Unfortunate Spacemen was definitely first of the two.
                    Damn knew I was forgetting something. This is why I wish my original comment saved :(

Of the one's I've played Secret Hitler is, but Bang! most certainly is not. The deduction in bang is trivial at best and there's little point in deceiving anyone when you can only shot 1-2 spaces away from you. The rest as I mentioned are not, and strike me more akin to something like the objective cards in Nemesis. 

With respect to Boardgame geek I think we can both agree that social deduction games are a very different beast than just regular deduction games. If you click the BGG deduction tag, you'll see that one of the most popular titles is codenames which is a deduction name true, but far and away different than werewolf.
        I don’t disagree with you in anyway. And the game does implement some nice touches. It’s just to me it doesn’t really add anything that I felt moved the needle of the genre in new direction. Unless you consider the popularity of the game, the popularity of Among Us is extremely impressive. And I fucking love the game but I just don’t consider it that innovative. 

On a side note have you ever heard of The Resistance: Avalon? I think you’d really like it. It a deduction game but can get pretty advanced with special skills and ways to investigate. It’s not really innovative but definitely more enjoyable than just regular mafia/werewolf.
            I have, and enjoy it! I haven't played it enough to truly master it myself, but I think its well designed. Secret Hitler I think is a nice new addition to the genre. I played that one more and can strongly recommend.
                Yeah I heard really good things about secret hitler. I need to play it.
                    I will also second Secret Hitler. My sister got it for me last year and it's so much fun!
    Most games people gush over are just remixes of already established games, with a few new hooks to justify their existence. Among Us is no different.

A game doesn't need to be wildly innovative or groundbreaking to be a good game.
        I agree my comment was about how some people are saying it’s super creative. 

I really like among us, it’s fun. At the end of the day all that really matters is how fun the game is.
            Agreed. For me, being fun is the most important aspect.
            Secret identities games have been around for a very long time, it's one of the staple of board games, really. Mafia, Werewolf, Secret Hitler, The Resistence/Avalon, Time Bomb, Battle Star Galactica, Saboteur, Sporz, Blood on the Clocktower, Two Rooms and a Boom, etc.

That part is certainly not new nor creative. The way they turned this classic formula, kept the "hidden identities discussions" at the heart of the game while enhancing it with a fun and simplistic gameplay that hids a ton of depth... yeah, I'd call it innovative and creative.
    it's a social game where personal influence is the most important skill in the game. I know i haven't played a video game like this before. I don't get how it isn't innovative.
        It isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time. They have card games, party games even Town of Salem which has been around for over 6 years all follow the same strategic ideology as among us. 

Now they do have new things thrown in that those other games don’t have but the core ideology behind the game is a copy of other games.
            That’s like saying any new first person shooter can’t be innovative because Doom already did it
                More like saying that all the Doom-Clones that came after it were not innovative, and they were not really. Among Us is not groundbreaking innovation, but its still a fun game. There is, like he pointed out, a ton of these kind of games (both online and boardgame variants)
                No, it’s like saying that a first person shooter can’t be innovative based solely on it being a first person shooter, it can be innovative in other areas (maybe it’s also a great platformer or the level of choice is unprecedented or whatever) but you wouldn’t say “wow this game is so innovative, you shoot people from a first person perspective!”

These people are saying Among Us is innovative because you use subterfuge, influence, and strategy to determine who the killer is, which is something that’s been done plenty. It’s added some twists but the core of the game is *so* similar to existing games it’s hard to call it truly innovative. 

To use your example, while Quake is great FPS I wouldn’t call it *really* innovative because Doom already did most of what Quake did, it was different but the core was the same. Team Fortress is also an FPS, but it added something completely novel that created its own segment of games, the hero shooter. Team Fortress was an FPS that innovated while remaining an FPS at its core which fundamentally changed the game, while Quake was an FPS that while not without twists was fundamentally very similar to Doom. Among Us is Quake in this metaphor
                This comment would only work if Doom was innovative
                    Wait wait wait, are you saying the very first doom wasn't innovative? Cause if so, you are absolutely wrong and need to refresh yourself on gaming history.
                        Sorry I had a brain fart I was thinking 2016 doom not original doom
                    How was Doom not innovative? Nothing even close to it had been seen before. The few forst person shooters that did exist were extremely basic in comparison.

That’s besides the point though. Just because mafia and werewolf are social deduction games doesn’t mean any other social deduction game can’t be innovative.
                        Yeah don’t know why my mind went to 2016 doom not original doom. 

I’m not saying any other social deduction game can’t be innovative I’m saying among us wasn’t. Don’t generalize my statement

I really enjoy among us but no time while playing have I felt like this game really took the genre to a new level or made jumps forward that really changed my perspective on deduction games.
                            2016 Doom was also hugely innovative for modern FPS games
                            I’m not arguing that it is or isn’t innovative. Just responding to your first point ”it isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time”.

I’m saying that a game can be innovative despite the type of game being around for a long time.
                    First 3d game with diagonal walls
        Games like this have existed for a long time. Trouble in Terrorist Town is popular in modding communities
        Because they didn't create the game, this is basically a port and reskin of an existing game, I think is the argument. 

Maybe innovative in bringing it to the digital/online gaming world though.
    Plus muder mystery is pretty close to among us, to me even fall guys isn't original
        real ones remember wipeout on the 360 kinect 😤😤😤
        I used to play Town of Salem and it’s really similar to among us. 

But yeah fall guys isn’t shattering the walls of innovation in any way. Now if they were to add a little big planet slap mechanic to combat grabbers then I would be thoroughly impressed.
    Yep I played the original werewolf map on Warcraft 3 and some of those custom maps I played and the friends I made are my best gaming memories as a kid.
Line tower wars, Island defense, Dota, mafia and uther party are my favourites.
    nothing is
    There's a good version on jackbox as well. Requires everyone to be in person though.
    I mean, "hidden role games" are quite plentiful, and have been popular for quite a while. Its just really a matter of putting a twist on that genre. I've never played Among Us, but that really is what the game is.

And just because you didn't pioneer a genre doesn't prevent the game from being fresh and fun, as long as it has unique twists and takes on the genre.
    Have you played among us?

Sure it's a hidden role game, like secret Hitler, werewolves, mafia and many many many many others. But the game doesn't play like any of them. The fact that it's realtime and uses actual mechanics (instead of "it's night so your character is asleep") is in the most literal of senses, game changing.
        Yes I have. I think you’re reading to much into my comment

Have you played unfortunate spaceman?  It got its full release a little while ago but its been in beta testing for a couple of years now. Don’t know which was initially announced first but unfortunate spacemen and among us are virtually carbon copies of each other.
            The closest relation between among us and unfortunate spaceman is that they're both hidden role games in space. That's it. I genuinely can't tell if you're being disingenuous or if you genuinely have no idea about the existence of the entire hidden role game genre.
                I definitely shouldn’t have said carbon copy cause they have difference. But the core idea behind the game is the same. 

I don’t get what the issue is here do you guys own stock in this game. My initial comment is that I have heard people call the game innovative and I disagree. There’s nothing wrong with it not being innovative most stuff isn’t. 

Also don’t know if if I’m reading your words wrong but you are coming off as a prick to me and I don’t fuck with you like that.
            I've only just heard about Unfortunate Spacemen but it is not like Among Us lmao, aside from the core concept of having a traitor on your team, they are different games entirely.
    Check out Unfortunate Spaceman. I like its take on Mafia style game play. 

One person is the monster who can disguise itself as a spaceman. You can also assume the images of the people you have killed. Goal is to kill all players.

Players have tasks and they can either kill the monster, or do enough tasks to call a rescue ship and detonate a nuke. 

There's power that can be cut off/repaired as well and a bunch of other stuff. Pretty fun for a bit
        You could have left out the title and I would have assumed you were talking about Among Us. Sounds almost exactly the same
            I haven't played among us so TIL, thanks!
        I actually brought up this game in one of my other comments and got eaten alive for saying it was similar to among us. 

Apparently according to others the only similarities is that the game is based in space
    I would say it’s sorta innovative to bring that concept from Mafia/Werewolf into a video game
        Agreed except among us wasn’t the first video game to do it.
In Germany its called "Werewofl"

With witches, werewolves, hunters and ordinary citizens
    Mega geiles Spiel. Erinnerung kommen auf <3
    Psvr has werewolves within. Same game basically but in vr. Not sure if it's on pcvr. And it was so much fun when it was full of players (it's dead these days)

Werewolves, villagers, and a few different player types that can give information to everyone else. Like if there's a wolf to the left, pray to see how many wolves are present, can detect what the role of one player is etc.
I play one with my family called 'Donner Dinner Party'. Its basically a card game. 1-3 people are a cannibal and the rest are pioneers. Each turn, the pioneers all draw 2 cards (either food, poison, medicine, or empty hands) they then go around and put the card of their choosing in front of the camp leader. 

Camp leader shuffles and then lays out the cards. If there isnt enough food to feed each player, or it was poisoned, everyone votes to see who they eat for the night so they don't starve. Pioneers are trying to pick the cannibal, while cannibals try to eat the pioneers. Its pretty fun!
I’ve been playing mafia with friends for a decade and also online, never heard of the rule that you can’t tell what your role is/can’t say you correctly investigated the mafia. You could obviously just be lying so what’s the point of that rule? 

We decide roles by dealing cards and essentially the only rules are no talking or opening your eyes at night (unless it’s your turn), talking while you’re dead, or showing anyone your card. You can say literally anything you want though.
    Like many games, the rules varies from region or group of friends. 
In my country mafia is called something like "the city sleeps". And we play with these rules otherwise people only discuss things like "Im the cop". "No, you're not, Im the cop! You guys can vote me later if the suspect isn't this lying cop!" Etc...

So by not allowing this, people have different, fun and somewhat smart discussions.
        I disagree. That’s like saying you’re not allowed to say you saw someone vent in Among Us because then it becomes “no I saw you vent” “no you vented.” Much of the game is deducing who’s lying based on their voice, their story, their inflection, etc. and I find it fun when 2 people counterclaim each other and the rest have to ultimately decide who’s lying. Even with our open discussion rules people often don’t counterclaim cop. In general I just think in a game that’s literally just about lying it’s dumb to make rules about what someone can or can’t say.
We played a variation of this called "Werewolf" in high school. For whatever reason, I always ended up being lynched by the mob during day 1

Every.

Single.

Time.

I guess it was because I just had a naturally suspicious appearance, but in the two or so years that we played the game, I never played one of the Werewolves (equivalent to the Assassin in Mafia), and in the end, a rule was implemented to give me diplomatic immunity during the first lynching.

ಠ_ಠ
Im not sure if this is cheating but i fake tell everyone my role, thats a play i do most of the time. Like even if im the killer, and im sure that i killed the cop, i say that im the cop and convince them that someone else is the killer.
    How do you know you killed the cop though? If the cop is still alive, that's a surefire way to out yourself.
        Well its a high risk high reward play. If you pull it off its a sure win, but if you get caught you lose. During late game, like 4-5 people remaining, people are desperate for info and will ask the cop to come out. Thats when you say youre the cop.
Oh man you’re right! I completely forgot about this game!
So it's an alternative TTT?
We used to occasionally play this in my high school Spanish class haha. If you enjoy the game and have a group of folks to play with I’d definitely recommend picking up Secret Hitler. It’s a social deduction game as well and a big hit when I break it out at family gatherings.
Me and my friends played it as well during elementary, but instead of a card game simply just by telling the God what we want to do and everything when everyone is "sleeping"
This was such a fun game back then
You should check out Town of Salem, Among us is barely Mafia/Werewolf.
It not mafia, its a secret roll game, its a whole genre of board games from secret Hitler, werewolf to mafia. It is different from all of them in its own way, its more active, and more suited for the medium of a video games
There’s an [app](https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/mafia-mystery/id892955084) for Mafia too
It's not the first social deduction game, but the mechanics of among us make it so much better and deeper than any other. There's so much more than simply talking to each other and so much that both the town and the killers can do to help deduce or hide intentions.

Mafia is just so much blind luck, but Among Us has very little luck involved as everyone gets to control the situations they end up in.
Check out town of salem it's a great pc game and it's exactly this.
Only difference is that innocents do stuff
I played this on a weekend cycling trip with the Outdoor program at school last year.  It was a lot of fun - and part of the reason I think I'll start playing Among Us.
Welcome to traitor games, a ton of amazing board games in the genre. In college I used to play a Battlestar Galactica traitor board game every week at the board gaming club, never saw the show, but the game was pretty solid. Plenty of others too that are amazing.
u/tied_up_tubes vented.
There is a jackbox minigame that's similar to Among Us, but both games are (likely) inspired by the card game Mafia or Werewolves. 

As for the jackbox game, it didn't work too well in my experience.
Just saying the game was created before 2020
    The main point is that it’s gained a lot of popularity in the past couple months.
belive me my wife have. never played video games and she won like 5 or 6 times already. never give up. she's 29 btw
    My 10 yr old step daughter has 1 win on fall mountain. I (a 31 yr old lady) have 20 wins, and my husband has 0.
Do whatever feels better for you, if you're having fun keep playing, if not take a break since if you do it just for the reward there's a strong risk you might get burned out.  


Personally I've gotten a couple wins (during a time I played regularly, basically everyday for a week) but overall I start the game because I enjoy the bean life and messing around, at the end of the day there's a lot of random stuff involved so don't feel bad for not winning, you'll get there eventually if you stick to it.  


Best of lucks either way!
No worries man. I’m level 31 with 2 wins. It makes it really rewarding when you pull it out.
"fast paced"?
    Yes. Reaction and timing are critical for success in this game, whereas it isn't for my standard fare: Civilization, Catan, MMOs, Animal Crossing, Divinity, and other slow-moving games.
        oh got it... you only need to learn wherr to go instead of what to do... the only pain in the ass round ia the one you need to steal a tail. I  hate that round but all other is more about " luck". but really don't give uo, I win like 1 oe 2 rounds a day and for sure tje game was better before, during the time that I just couldn't win.
            you will be downvoted for typing like a mong but this is a nice comment
                yes it's hard to type on the phone while walking. and i really couldn't care less about up or downvotes.
                    truly a wandering prophet
                        I am very smart
Fall Mountain sucks
No matter how many times I tell myself to be patient at the end I always jump immediately like an idiot.
I would agree. Even Pyre I found some enjoyment with. Just wore out it's welcome very fast.
    Yeah agreed. I just feel like when you just killing it with every game and come out with an ehh tittle it just looks worse.
        Have you played Hades yourself yet? If so, come join us at /r/HadesTheGame
            No not yet. It’s on my list but I just bought another game so need to wait for the paycheck. I know Nintendo is selling it for 20 right now


I’m not a huge rogue fan besides rouge legacy but I have heard so many good things. And I trust supergiant
                I just learned this from a friend who bought it... you can get Hades on EGS for $10 right now. All you have to do is claim Rocket League for free on their store and they give you a $10 coupon. Use that towards Hades, which is on sale for $20 and you get it for the best price it will probably be for a while.
Funnily enough the only Supergiant game I've played was Pyre, and I loved the setting/atmoshpere/lore/characters. Gameplay was alright but I sticked to it because everything else was 10/10 for me.   
What's a good second step?
    Bastion is one of my favorite games of all time. Beautiful story and characters, and very engaging gameplay.
    Any of their other 3 games. Bastion is the oldest and a well liked gem of the early 2010s indie scene. Transistor is a newer game with a beautiful art style and some pretty unique combat. Hades is the new hotness of course.

But every single one of them is considered a masterpiece in its own right. They all have great storytelling, they all have great gameplay, they all have great art, they're all great. You might as well flip a coin to decide which one to play.
    Do you have a switch? Cause they were selling Bastion and Transistor for 2 bucks each about a month ago. Don’t know if the deal is still going. 

And I’d go Bastion then Transistor. Bastions really good but Transistor is a fucking gem! Great story, fun innovative turn based  like gameplay, and amazing score!
        Tried playing transistor when it was on sale, couldn't put up with the sword that just wouldn't stop commenting on everything, also the gameplay was really hard to get a grip with.

Hades is a BOP tho, and loving it.
            The same thing happens to my brother. It’s like a weird turn based gameplay. I enjoyed it but it definitely had a learning curve and definitely not for everyone. 

I think the story was great but the sword wouldn’t shut the fuck up it also didn’t help that the MC didn’t talk.
They did Bastion right? That game was awesome.
But Pyre was incredible! Easily one of the best games of that year for me and my favorite game of theirs. Different tastes I guess
    Different strokes for different folks
That's interesting because Pyre is only Supergiant game I like.
    I didn’t think it was bad just wasn’t for me but we can’t all have the same taste!
        Oh for sure, that's the great thing about games!
It's the best they have made in my opinion. Bastion is still second though.
Yes and no. Everything about your "build" you lose between runs but you carry over some of the currency to upgrade things. Hades is also fairly unique in that it actually has a semblance of a story and characters will comment on previous runs and interactions.
    Do you keep the upgrades that you spend the currency on?
        Yes, for the most part. Each run you will get to choose upgrades for that specific journey, but when you die those are lost. However, the upgrades you buy with a few different forms of currency you get to keep. So, you’re getting stronger every run, and it’s a new path each time you play. It’s honestly insanely fun, especially for $20. I bought a copy for two friends because I’ve had so much fun with it.
I started that and enjoyed it a bit but got sidetracked by other games/bored. I plan to get back to it though.
i got it and it was fun but kinda sad it's off steam tbh i was gonna buy it there but they announced the removal
What's your point?
I was with Yellow in Medbay.
    Idk man, still pretty sus
Right before they released fall guys, mediatonic, the developers, employed 230 people. There's no way that's indie lol
Fall guys is a classic double-A game, just like Larian studios & the divinity: original sin series.
Ye
    Ye
        Ye
i’d only say it’s a 2020 game because it’s the most popular in 202
It basically is. The game wasn't really playable before since most people would just dismiss but now that it's so popular it's easy to get a group of friends to play with you
    Not really. I played it mid 2019 and it was basically the same. You can suggest to friends games to download
        Not so easy to convince someone to buy a game. And while the mobile version is free my friends ,and am guessing most people's, aren't interested in playing a mobile game.
            Most of my non-gaming friends have Macs, so they can't even play on the computer.  It being mobile & free is amazing because everybody we'd want to play with is willing to try it.
            >	and am guessing most people’s, aren’t interested in playing a mobile game.

Almost all my friends play on iPads or Chromebooks. They haven’t reopened schools in my state, so everyone with kids picked up one of those (if they didn’t already have one).
I mean most people find out about smaller games through marketplace promotion, content creators playing them, or hearing from our friends. This one originally fell into the dozens of games that come out every day that no one talks about. Now its the first time most people heard about it, so it is a 2020 game for most.
Yeah, i used to play with a full lobby with my friends, really fun, never played alone with randoms, but to me and my friends the hype is already gone. Maybe i will try again sometime, idk
Yeah. I've watched a ton of videos and thought it looked like a blast. Considering buying it then remembered I have four friends on Steam and I've literally never once played a game with any of them.
Im sure with the sudden increase in popularity they will quickly figure out how to find new help. Not to mention it looks like an enticing project for developers to join in on. It’s already successful so it’s an extremely safe gamble for corporations to invest in.

The only thing the dev team need to worry about is whether or not they want to sell their game to a bigger studio or keep working on it.
You take that back
    i havent seen it being talked about anywhere
        TAKE THAT BACK. THE GAME IS A GODDAMNED MASTERPIECE.
Who knows. Lets help him recover.
Devolver is the publisher. Mediatonic, the developer, has 230 employees. That's not indie lol
    The person I'm responding to specifically referred to Devolver. Indie games refer to games created without the backing of a large studio publisher. It definitely meets the criteria of an indie game.
        hrm. I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it. You're putting more of the "indie" part on the publisher, which I don't agree with. You can have a small team of publishers provide massive amounts of funding to a massive team of developers. By your definition, that's still indie just bc the publishing team has a small number of people, and that defeats the purpose of being indie.
            >I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it.

But the definition of indie is that it's an independent studio doing it without major support from a publisher. But even going by your definition the entire studio wasn't developing it though. [The team for the game at mediatonic was only 30 people at its highest.](https://venturebeat.com/2020/07/29/fall-guys-ultimate-knockout-how-mediatonic-crafted-a-cute-battle-royale/)


>GamesBeat: How big is the team that’s been working on this?

>Tanton: We peaked at around 30. It started with early prototyping with the classic five people sitting in a room, working out how the thing moves, but it’s obviously grown since then.
                I didn't know that only part of mediatonic worked on it, so I concede your point about that, but if they did have devolver backing them, isn't that major support from a publisher?
It's on the front page.
I liked Fall Guys a while back when it first came out on PS Plus but I found it was only really enjoyable if you’re playing with friends
[removed]
    Having jumped on it after it became popular and played countless games with players named things like Homophobe, LGBTQSUCKS, GeorgeFloyd (kept saying "I can't breathe" in chat), every possible variation of the n-word, people saying "vote off black because he's black"... It used to be *worse*?
        [removed]
            You get awrd
            Then you have the idiots that call you dumb for not figuring out the imposter
        You get awrd
            Aw thanks!
                :0 yelcome!
            You get krma
                :0 thank you
        That’s unbelieveable.. Wow
            Wow you get awrd good redditor
        im shocked that people actually play with other people with the online lobbies.  how the hell would the game work without voicechat?
            I wish I could do VC! I don't have a mic unfortunately. I've had some good games with randos in chat, I type very quickly and consider it a fun challenge to persuade people if I think they're voting too hastily or are hesitating to vote someone I know is imp. But yeah a lot of the time it's a train wreck.
                you can use your phone as a mic if you download discord or mumble or whatever vc program u want to use
                    I never even thought of that! I'll have to give that a try.
        Yikes, that's bad, sorry you had to see that.
        Welcome to the internet, first time?
        Wow. Sounds like they'd give the rainbow six seige community competition for being the most toxic gaming community.




Edit: after seeing I got downvoted I thought I'd add that I'm not shitting on individuals who play seige but aren't toxic. I play siege and that's how I found out that the community tends to be reasonably toxic. If you're not doing this, you're not one of the people contributing to the toxicity. This reminded me of my experiences with seige but I also hate blanket statements so it's best to clarify that I don't mean everyone who plays seige acts like this. It's just common enough for the community to come across as toxic.
    Enlighten me, o wise blue one
        An everyone else gets awrd here you go
            You generous bastard
                Love you too random citizen
    You get awrd
    Yeah, that's very true
    Before it was popular, I played it, but I deleted it before it was popular.
Same here! We would play during lunch break
    So you really hated it then?
        Huh?
            Seems it left a bad taste in your mouth
                Ah I get it
                    You edited your comment you traitorous bastard!
                        What did it originally say
                        Yeah burn the witch, what did he originally said?

Sorry for my bad English not native :(
        Up vote this man, the other guy edited the comment!
yeah i also played it with my friends on mobile like a year ago
    What's that random award everyone keeps getting?
        i have no idea
BRO SMAE
You get awrd
    Omg my first award thank you very much!
        Yo really thats badass im happy your welcome :)
Mobile? Holy shit it's free?!
    Yep, it has adds tho but only after games are over I think. And it is cross play between everything.

	. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

	　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

	.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

	　　ﾟ　　 u/mr-pk was The Impostor.　 。　.

	　　'　　　 0 Impostor remains 　 　　。

	　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
	
---

^(Beep boop I'm a bot. Also I'm the imposter ok bye. Made by u/boidushya)
    Good bot
        Thank you, heartbreakhill, for voting on botwasnotanimposter.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)
Oh it's newz in mafia most of it was guesswork and how somone sounds. In this it's about keeping a track of where people are and killing and sabotage
    There are definitely new things added to this experience that I really prefer. And there are certain things I feel ehh about but at the core you can tell it’s definitely inspired by games like werewolf and mafia
        If you’re looking for that level of originality you’re gonna consider everything derivative
            Well that’s only if you think something needs to be innovative or different to be enjoyable. I don’t believe something needs to be innovative to be enjoyable. I just don’t like calling everything innovative if I enjoy it. I only reserve that for certain titles.
                That’s fair but what would you even call innovative nowadays? Even Undertale, which I think was one of the more innovative and refreshing games of the last decade, can be considered a synthesis of different aspects of various Mario and Luigis, Earthbound, and various other games which the developer cites. I think there are grounds to call it innovative on the scale of what can even be considered as such bc it offers a great spin to a base game everyone knows.
                    I rarely ever consider anything innovative, though that’s a personal opinion. But I would consider Dreams for the PS4 innovative (and I don’t even care for it since I have no interest in creating) 

Minecraft, LBP, Halo, the MOD in Day Z to make it a battle royal, Journey, Gears of war, Demon Souls, The Longing.

There’s multiple ways to innovate, games like mass effect with the branching story lines, telltale games  and the graphic novel story telling,  heavy rain created an entire new genre of gaming. 

I would even say Death Stranding even though it’s sucks. It is actually so innovative that it is no part of the orientation for UPS and Fed Ex



I actually just bought undertale a few days ago was going to start playing it today. I have heard it’s super innovated. So I’ll get back to you on it lol.
I disagree, innovation doesn't have to be ground breaking and among us makes meaningful steps to better the game. 

Werewolf (and in particular one-night-werewolf) is I think one of the best social deduction party games ever designed. It takes the fun concept of madia and eliminates the worst part of the game - sitting around for a long time while the rest of the game goes on. Additionally it adds a variety of powers to the game (some present in mafia, many new) to get more interaction among the players and reduce multi-round deductions to a single 5 min game. 

However, in werewolf some of the powers aren't the most exciting. Cards like the Insomniac usually don't do anything. The villagers generally have very little interaction with the game. And certain cards like the troublemaker are annoying and poorly designed as they play for the human team (the one trying to gather as much knowledge as possible to deduce the killers), but introduce randomness which only benefits the opposing team. 

Among us, addresses a lot of these concepts. Not perfectly but in some very interesting ways. 

Unlike villagers or just random players in mafia with minimal/impactful roles, players are always part of the game and have a something they need to do to win. This has two main added benefits:

1) It means people who are assigned crew roles at least have some small goals they must work towards while also trying to figure out who the imposter is. Even after death they stay in game and finishing their tasks means they can still win.

2) More importantly, it provides an alternative win-con for the crew and forces the imposters hand to play more aggressively.

Together these points make the game feel way more dynamic and eliminate non-games that occasionally pop up in werewolf. 

However, these tasks also benefit the imposter in that it forces players to move around and do things so they can't just be watching for the imposters 100% of the time. In comparison in a game of Mafia you usually sit around and try to hear what's going on with 100% attention. In Among Us, if you don't complete your tasks you'll probably lose, and completing most tasks obscures your vision and leaves you vulnerable. Its a delicate balance that adds a nice dynamic to the game. 

By adding a play element (as opposed to just discussion and voting), among us also means you need to act convincing as opposed to just sounding convincing. I've personally found it much harder to get people to vote as I want them too when they can see for themselves someone acting weirdly, whereas in werewolf I could usually convince them otherwise. This play component also means that anyone can investigate anyone at anytime, by following them around checking if they're doing tasks, etc. 

In short Among Us is a fairly unique take on the social deduction game genre and innovates in a pretty interesting ways. It has a lot of the same themes and play patterns as other deduction games but with a much more fleshed out killing/play phase, which provides much greater agency to both players and imposters/werewolves making the game more dynamic and reducing the number of non-games that creep up in older members of the genre.
    The hidden role game type has been around for a long time and has been iterated on a lot with a lot of Mafia/Werewolf's issues fixed. Some of my favorite board games in the genre are Secret Hitler, Bang!!!, Battlestar Galactica, and Dead of Winter.

The hidden role game has been a staple of small video games and custom maps for video games. There have been mods in WC3, mods in Garry's Mod, mods in GTAV. Then of course there's Deceit, Unfortunate Spacemen, Project Winter, and Secret Neighbor. All of which have tasks for the victims to do. Among Us is basically just a 2D Unfortunate Spacemen. All of them are fun and have their merits but let's not pretend that Among Us brought the hidden role game to video games.
        My comment was deleted with reddit server issues, but here's a summary from memory. 

1) There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf). Secret Hitler definitely falls in the later category, but the other 3 do not. I've only played Bang! but read the summaries on BGG, but none of them seem to have deduction as a key aspect of the game. For the purposes of the specific sub-genre we're talking about, its games where the deduction is the whole point and you use it to eliminate players either directly (e.g. Among Us, werewolf) or indirectly (e.g. Secret Hitler (though it has direct too), Resistance: Avalon). 

2) Your comment about Unfortunate Spaceman in particular is funny, since I agree, though think you structured it backwards: Unfortunate Spaceman is 3D Among Us with some shooting thrown in, given it was produced ~2 years after Among Us. In fact all the games but Deceit came out after Among Us, showing how a little innovation in how we move through deduction games can spawn numerous other people pushing it in unique directions.
            >There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf).

All of the hidden role games I listed are deduction games. Hidden role games aren't always automatically deduction games but it's usually a safe bet that they are. The games I listed have a varying degree of more game to them but they're absolutely all deduction as a primary aspect. Dead of Winter is the only one where you can argue that the more game is just as important or maybe a little bit more important than the deduction. If you look the games up on boardgamegeek that site will agree.

Unfortunate Spacemen was released in early access in 2016. The other two were indeed more recent affairs. Unless Among Us had an early access period that I'm unaware of Unfortunate Spacemen was definitely first of the two.
                Damn knew I was forgetting something. This is why I wish my original comment saved :(

Of the one's I've played Secret Hitler is, but Bang! most certainly is not. The deduction in bang is trivial at best and there's little point in deceiving anyone when you can only shot 1-2 spaces away from you. The rest as I mentioned are not, and strike me more akin to something like the objective cards in Nemesis. 

With respect to Boardgame geek I think we can both agree that social deduction games are a very different beast than just regular deduction games. If you click the BGG deduction tag, you'll see that one of the most popular titles is codenames which is a deduction name true, but far and away different than werewolf.
    I don’t disagree with you in anyway. And the game does implement some nice touches. It’s just to me it doesn’t really add anything that I felt moved the needle of the genre in new direction. Unless you consider the popularity of the game, the popularity of Among Us is extremely impressive. And I fucking love the game but I just don’t consider it that innovative. 

On a side note have you ever heard of The Resistance: Avalon? I think you’d really like it. It a deduction game but can get pretty advanced with special skills and ways to investigate. It’s not really innovative but definitely more enjoyable than just regular mafia/werewolf.
        I have, and enjoy it! I haven't played it enough to truly master it myself, but I think its well designed. Secret Hitler I think is a nice new addition to the genre. I played that one more and can strongly recommend.
            Yeah I heard really good things about secret hitler. I need to play it.
                I will also second Secret Hitler. My sister got it for me last year and it's so much fun!
Most games people gush over are just remixes of already established games, with a few new hooks to justify their existence. Among Us is no different.

A game doesn't need to be wildly innovative or groundbreaking to be a good game.
    I agree my comment was about how some people are saying it’s super creative. 

I really like among us, it’s fun. At the end of the day all that really matters is how fun the game is.
        Agreed. For me, being fun is the most important aspect.
        Secret identities games have been around for a very long time, it's one of the staple of board games, really. Mafia, Werewolf, Secret Hitler, The Resistence/Avalon, Time Bomb, Battle Star Galactica, Saboteur, Sporz, Blood on the Clocktower, Two Rooms and a Boom, etc.

That part is certainly not new nor creative. The way they turned this classic formula, kept the "hidden identities discussions" at the heart of the game while enhancing it with a fun and simplistic gameplay that hids a ton of depth... yeah, I'd call it innovative and creative.
it's a social game where personal influence is the most important skill in the game. I know i haven't played a video game like this before. I don't get how it isn't innovative.
    It isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time. They have card games, party games even Town of Salem which has been around for over 6 years all follow the same strategic ideology as among us. 

Now they do have new things thrown in that those other games don’t have but the core ideology behind the game is a copy of other games.
        That’s like saying any new first person shooter can’t be innovative because Doom already did it
            More like saying that all the Doom-Clones that came after it were not innovative, and they were not really. Among Us is not groundbreaking innovation, but its still a fun game. There is, like he pointed out, a ton of these kind of games (both online and boardgame variants)
            No, it’s like saying that a first person shooter can’t be innovative based solely on it being a first person shooter, it can be innovative in other areas (maybe it’s also a great platformer or the level of choice is unprecedented or whatever) but you wouldn’t say “wow this game is so innovative, you shoot people from a first person perspective!”

These people are saying Among Us is innovative because you use subterfuge, influence, and strategy to determine who the killer is, which is something that’s been done plenty. It’s added some twists but the core of the game is *so* similar to existing games it’s hard to call it truly innovative. 

To use your example, while Quake is great FPS I wouldn’t call it *really* innovative because Doom already did most of what Quake did, it was different but the core was the same. Team Fortress is also an FPS, but it added something completely novel that created its own segment of games, the hero shooter. Team Fortress was an FPS that innovated while remaining an FPS at its core which fundamentally changed the game, while Quake was an FPS that while not without twists was fundamentally very similar to Doom. Among Us is Quake in this metaphor
            This comment would only work if Doom was innovative
                Wait wait wait, are you saying the very first doom wasn't innovative? Cause if so, you are absolutely wrong and need to refresh yourself on gaming history.
                    Sorry I had a brain fart I was thinking 2016 doom not original doom
                How was Doom not innovative? Nothing even close to it had been seen before. The few forst person shooters that did exist were extremely basic in comparison.

That’s besides the point though. Just because mafia and werewolf are social deduction games doesn’t mean any other social deduction game can’t be innovative.
                    Yeah don’t know why my mind went to 2016 doom not original doom. 

I’m not saying any other social deduction game can’t be innovative I’m saying among us wasn’t. Don’t generalize my statement

I really enjoy among us but no time while playing have I felt like this game really took the genre to a new level or made jumps forward that really changed my perspective on deduction games.
                        2016 Doom was also hugely innovative for modern FPS games
                        I’m not arguing that it is or isn’t innovative. Just responding to your first point ”it isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time”.

I’m saying that a game can be innovative despite the type of game being around for a long time.
                First 3d game with diagonal walls
    Games like this have existed for a long time. Trouble in Terrorist Town is popular in modding communities
    Because they didn't create the game, this is basically a port and reskin of an existing game, I think is the argument. 

Maybe innovative in bringing it to the digital/online gaming world though.
Plus muder mystery is pretty close to among us, to me even fall guys isn't original
    real ones remember wipeout on the 360 kinect 😤😤😤
    I used to play Town of Salem and it’s really similar to among us. 

But yeah fall guys isn’t shattering the walls of innovation in any way. Now if they were to add a little big planet slap mechanic to combat grabbers then I would be thoroughly impressed.
Yep I played the original werewolf map on Warcraft 3 and some of those custom maps I played and the friends I made are my best gaming memories as a kid.
Line tower wars, Island defense, Dota, mafia and uther party are my favourites.
nothing is
There's a good version on jackbox as well. Requires everyone to be in person though.
I mean, "hidden role games" are quite plentiful, and have been popular for quite a while. Its just really a matter of putting a twist on that genre. I've never played Among Us, but that really is what the game is.

And just because you didn't pioneer a genre doesn't prevent the game from being fresh and fun, as long as it has unique twists and takes on the genre.
Have you played among us?

Sure it's a hidden role game, like secret Hitler, werewolves, mafia and many many many many others. But the game doesn't play like any of them. The fact that it's realtime and uses actual mechanics (instead of "it's night so your character is asleep") is in the most literal of senses, game changing.
    Yes I have. I think you’re reading to much into my comment

Have you played unfortunate spaceman?  It got its full release a little while ago but its been in beta testing for a couple of years now. Don’t know which was initially announced first but unfortunate spacemen and among us are virtually carbon copies of each other.
        The closest relation between among us and unfortunate spaceman is that they're both hidden role games in space. That's it. I genuinely can't tell if you're being disingenuous or if you genuinely have no idea about the existence of the entire hidden role game genre.
            I definitely shouldn’t have said carbon copy cause they have difference. But the core idea behind the game is the same. 

I don’t get what the issue is here do you guys own stock in this game. My initial comment is that I have heard people call the game innovative and I disagree. There’s nothing wrong with it not being innovative most stuff isn’t. 

Also don’t know if if I’m reading your words wrong but you are coming off as a prick to me and I don’t fuck with you like that.
        I've only just heard about Unfortunate Spacemen but it is not like Among Us lmao, aside from the core concept of having a traitor on your team, they are different games entirely.
Check out Unfortunate Spaceman. I like its take on Mafia style game play. 

One person is the monster who can disguise itself as a spaceman. You can also assume the images of the people you have killed. Goal is to kill all players.

Players have tasks and they can either kill the monster, or do enough tasks to call a rescue ship and detonate a nuke. 

There's power that can be cut off/repaired as well and a bunch of other stuff. Pretty fun for a bit
    You could have left out the title and I would have assumed you were talking about Among Us. Sounds almost exactly the same
        I haven't played among us so TIL, thanks!
    I actually brought up this game in one of my other comments and got eaten alive for saying it was similar to among us. 

Apparently according to others the only similarities is that the game is based in space
I would say it’s sorta innovative to bring that concept from Mafia/Werewolf into a video game
    Agreed except among us wasn’t the first video game to do it.
Mega geiles Spiel. Erinnerung kommen auf <3
Psvr has werewolves within. Same game basically but in vr. Not sure if it's on pcvr. And it was so much fun when it was full of players (it's dead these days)

Werewolves, villagers, and a few different player types that can give information to everyone else. Like if there's a wolf to the left, pray to see how many wolves are present, can detect what the role of one player is etc.
Like many games, the rules varies from region or group of friends. 
In my country mafia is called something like "the city sleeps". And we play with these rules otherwise people only discuss things like "Im the cop". "No, you're not, Im the cop! You guys can vote me later if the suspect isn't this lying cop!" Etc...

So by not allowing this, people have different, fun and somewhat smart discussions.
    I disagree. That’s like saying you’re not allowed to say you saw someone vent in Among Us because then it becomes “no I saw you vent” “no you vented.” Much of the game is deducing who’s lying based on their voice, their story, their inflection, etc. and I find it fun when 2 people counterclaim each other and the rest have to ultimately decide who’s lying. Even with our open discussion rules people often don’t counterclaim cop. In general I just think in a game that’s literally just about lying it’s dumb to make rules about what someone can or can’t say.
How do you know you killed the cop though? If the cop is still alive, that's a surefire way to out yourself.
    Well its a high risk high reward play. If you pull it off its a sure win, but if you get caught you lose. During late game, like 4-5 people remaining, people are desperate for info and will ask the cop to come out. Thats when you say youre the cop.
The main point is that it’s gained a lot of popularity in the past couple months.
My 10 yr old step daughter has 1 win on fall mountain. I (a 31 yr old lady) have 20 wins, and my husband has 0.
Yes. Reaction and timing are critical for success in this game, whereas it isn't for my standard fare: Civilization, Catan, MMOs, Animal Crossing, Divinity, and other slow-moving games.
    oh got it... you only need to learn wherr to go instead of what to do... the only pain in the ass round ia the one you need to steal a tail. I  hate that round but all other is more about " luck". but really don't give uo, I win like 1 oe 2 rounds a day and for sure tje game was better before, during the time that I just couldn't win.
        you will be downvoted for typing like a mong but this is a nice comment
            yes it's hard to type on the phone while walking. and i really couldn't care less about up or downvotes.
                truly a wandering prophet
                    I am very smart
Yeah agreed. I just feel like when you just killing it with every game and come out with an ehh tittle it just looks worse.
    Have you played Hades yourself yet? If so, come join us at /r/HadesTheGame
        No not yet. It’s on my list but I just bought another game so need to wait for the paycheck. I know Nintendo is selling it for 20 right now


I’m not a huge rogue fan besides rouge legacy but I have heard so many good things. And I trust supergiant
            I just learned this from a friend who bought it... you can get Hades on EGS for $10 right now. All you have to do is claim Rocket League for free on their store and they give you a $10 coupon. Use that towards Hades, which is on sale for $20 and you get it for the best price it will probably be for a while.
Bastion is one of my favorite games of all time. Beautiful story and characters, and very engaging gameplay.
Any of their other 3 games. Bastion is the oldest and a well liked gem of the early 2010s indie scene. Transistor is a newer game with a beautiful art style and some pretty unique combat. Hades is the new hotness of course.

But every single one of them is considered a masterpiece in its own right. They all have great storytelling, they all have great gameplay, they all have great art, they're all great. You might as well flip a coin to decide which one to play.
Do you have a switch? Cause they were selling Bastion and Transistor for 2 bucks each about a month ago. Don’t know if the deal is still going. 

And I’d go Bastion then Transistor. Bastions really good but Transistor is a fucking gem! Great story, fun innovative turn based  like gameplay, and amazing score!
    Tried playing transistor when it was on sale, couldn't put up with the sword that just wouldn't stop commenting on everything, also the gameplay was really hard to get a grip with.

Hades is a BOP tho, and loving it.
        The same thing happens to my brother. It’s like a weird turn based gameplay. I enjoyed it but it definitely had a learning curve and definitely not for everyone. 

I think the story was great but the sword wouldn’t shut the fuck up it also didn’t help that the MC didn’t talk.
Different strokes for different folks
I didn’t think it was bad just wasn’t for me but we can’t all have the same taste!
    Oh for sure, that's the great thing about games!
Do you keep the upgrades that you spend the currency on?
    Yes, for the most part. Each run you will get to choose upgrades for that specific journey, but when you die those are lost. However, the upgrades you buy with a few different forms of currency you get to keep. So, you’re getting stronger every run, and it’s a new path each time you play. It’s honestly insanely fun, especially for $20. I bought a copy for two friends because I’ve had so much fun with it.
Idk man, still pretty sus
Ye
    Ye
Not really. I played it mid 2019 and it was basically the same. You can suggest to friends games to download
    Not so easy to convince someone to buy a game. And while the mobile version is free my friends ,and am guessing most people's, aren't interested in playing a mobile game.
        Most of my non-gaming friends have Macs, so they can't even play on the computer.  It being mobile & free is amazing because everybody we'd want to play with is willing to try it.
        >	and am guessing most people’s, aren’t interested in playing a mobile game.

Almost all my friends play on iPads or Chromebooks. They haven’t reopened schools in my state, so everyone with kids picked up one of those (if they didn’t already have one).
i havent seen it being talked about anywhere
    TAKE THAT BACK. THE GAME IS A GODDAMNED MASTERPIECE.
The person I'm responding to specifically referred to Devolver. Indie games refer to games created without the backing of a large studio publisher. It definitely meets the criteria of an indie game.
    hrm. I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it. You're putting more of the "indie" part on the publisher, which I don't agree with. You can have a small team of publishers provide massive amounts of funding to a massive team of developers. By your definition, that's still indie just bc the publishing team has a small number of people, and that defeats the purpose of being indie.
        >I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it.

But the definition of indie is that it's an independent studio doing it without major support from a publisher. But even going by your definition the entire studio wasn't developing it though. [The team for the game at mediatonic was only 30 people at its highest.](https://venturebeat.com/2020/07/29/fall-guys-ultimate-knockout-how-mediatonic-crafted-a-cute-battle-royale/)


>GamesBeat: How big is the team that’s been working on this?

>Tanton: We peaked at around 30. It started with early prototyping with the classic five people sitting in a room, working out how the thing moves, but it’s obviously grown since then.
            I didn't know that only part of mediatonic worked on it, so I concede your point about that, but if they did have devolver backing them, isn't that major support from a publisher?
Having jumped on it after it became popular and played countless games with players named things like Homophobe, LGBTQSUCKS, GeorgeFloyd (kept saying "I can't breathe" in chat), every possible variation of the n-word, people saying "vote off black because he's black"... It used to be *worse*?
    [removed]
        You get awrd
        Then you have the idiots that call you dumb for not figuring out the imposter
    You get awrd
        Aw thanks!
            :0 yelcome!
        You get krma
            :0 thank you
    That’s unbelieveable.. Wow
        Wow you get awrd good redditor
    im shocked that people actually play with other people with the online lobbies.  how the hell would the game work without voicechat?
        I wish I could do VC! I don't have a mic unfortunately. I've had some good games with randos in chat, I type very quickly and consider it a fun challenge to persuade people if I think they're voting too hastily or are hesitating to vote someone I know is imp. But yeah a lot of the time it's a train wreck.
            you can use your phone as a mic if you download discord or mumble or whatever vc program u want to use
                I never even thought of that! I'll have to give that a try.
    Yikes, that's bad, sorry you had to see that.
    Welcome to the internet, first time?
    Wow. Sounds like they'd give the rainbow six seige community competition for being the most toxic gaming community.




Edit: after seeing I got downvoted I thought I'd add that I'm not shitting on individuals who play seige but aren't toxic. I play siege and that's how I found out that the community tends to be reasonably toxic. If you're not doing this, you're not one of the people contributing to the toxicity. This reminded me of my experiences with seige but I also hate blanket statements so it's best to clarify that I don't mean everyone who plays seige acts like this. It's just common enough for the community to come across as toxic.
Enlighten me, o wise blue one
    An everyone else gets awrd here you go
        You generous bastard
            Love you too random citizen
You get awrd
Yeah, that's very true
Before it was popular, I played it, but I deleted it before it was popular.
So you really hated it then?
    Huh?
        Seems it left a bad taste in your mouth
            Ah I get it
                You edited your comment you traitorous bastard!
                    What did it originally say
                    Yeah burn the witch, what did he originally said?

Sorry for my bad English not native :(
    Up vote this man, the other guy edited the comment!
What's that random award everyone keeps getting?
    i have no idea
Omg my first award thank you very much!
    Yo really thats badass im happy your welcome :)
Yep, it has adds tho but only after games are over I think. And it is cross play between everything.
Good bot
    Thank you, heartbreakhill, for voting on botwasnotanimposter.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)
There are definitely new things added to this experience that I really prefer. And there are certain things I feel ehh about but at the core you can tell it’s definitely inspired by games like werewolf and mafia
    If you’re looking for that level of originality you’re gonna consider everything derivative
        Well that’s only if you think something needs to be innovative or different to be enjoyable. I don’t believe something needs to be innovative to be enjoyable. I just don’t like calling everything innovative if I enjoy it. I only reserve that for certain titles.
            That’s fair but what would you even call innovative nowadays? Even Undertale, which I think was one of the more innovative and refreshing games of the last decade, can be considered a synthesis of different aspects of various Mario and Luigis, Earthbound, and various other games which the developer cites. I think there are grounds to call it innovative on the scale of what can even be considered as such bc it offers a great spin to a base game everyone knows.
                I rarely ever consider anything innovative, though that’s a personal opinion. But I would consider Dreams for the PS4 innovative (and I don’t even care for it since I have no interest in creating) 

Minecraft, LBP, Halo, the MOD in Day Z to make it a battle royal, Journey, Gears of war, Demon Souls, The Longing.

There’s multiple ways to innovate, games like mass effect with the branching story lines, telltale games  and the graphic novel story telling,  heavy rain created an entire new genre of gaming. 

I would even say Death Stranding even though it’s sucks. It is actually so innovative that it is no part of the orientation for UPS and Fed Ex



I actually just bought undertale a few days ago was going to start playing it today. I have heard it’s super innovated. So I’ll get back to you on it lol.
The hidden role game type has been around for a long time and has been iterated on a lot with a lot of Mafia/Werewolf's issues fixed. Some of my favorite board games in the genre are Secret Hitler, Bang!!!, Battlestar Galactica, and Dead of Winter.

The hidden role game has been a staple of small video games and custom maps for video games. There have been mods in WC3, mods in Garry's Mod, mods in GTAV. Then of course there's Deceit, Unfortunate Spacemen, Project Winter, and Secret Neighbor. All of which have tasks for the victims to do. Among Us is basically just a 2D Unfortunate Spacemen. All of them are fun and have their merits but let's not pretend that Among Us brought the hidden role game to video games.
    My comment was deleted with reddit server issues, but here's a summary from memory. 

1) There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf). Secret Hitler definitely falls in the later category, but the other 3 do not. I've only played Bang! but read the summaries on BGG, but none of them seem to have deduction as a key aspect of the game. For the purposes of the specific sub-genre we're talking about, its games where the deduction is the whole point and you use it to eliminate players either directly (e.g. Among Us, werewolf) or indirectly (e.g. Secret Hitler (though it has direct too), Resistance: Avalon). 

2) Your comment about Unfortunate Spaceman in particular is funny, since I agree, though think you structured it backwards: Unfortunate Spaceman is 3D Among Us with some shooting thrown in, given it was produced ~2 years after Among Us. In fact all the games but Deceit came out after Among Us, showing how a little innovation in how we move through deduction games can spawn numerous other people pushing it in unique directions.
        >There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf).

All of the hidden role games I listed are deduction games. Hidden role games aren't always automatically deduction games but it's usually a safe bet that they are. The games I listed have a varying degree of more game to them but they're absolutely all deduction as a primary aspect. Dead of Winter is the only one where you can argue that the more game is just as important or maybe a little bit more important than the deduction. If you look the games up on boardgamegeek that site will agree.

Unfortunate Spacemen was released in early access in 2016. The other two were indeed more recent affairs. Unless Among Us had an early access period that I'm unaware of Unfortunate Spacemen was definitely first of the two.
            Damn knew I was forgetting something. This is why I wish my original comment saved :(

Of the one's I've played Secret Hitler is, but Bang! most certainly is not. The deduction in bang is trivial at best and there's little point in deceiving anyone when you can only shot 1-2 spaces away from you. The rest as I mentioned are not, and strike me more akin to something like the objective cards in Nemesis. 

With respect to Boardgame geek I think we can both agree that social deduction games are a very different beast than just regular deduction games. If you click the BGG deduction tag, you'll see that one of the most popular titles is codenames which is a deduction name true, but far and away different than werewolf.
I don’t disagree with you in anyway. And the game does implement some nice touches. It’s just to me it doesn’t really add anything that I felt moved the needle of the genre in new direction. Unless you consider the popularity of the game, the popularity of Among Us is extremely impressive. And I fucking love the game but I just don’t consider it that innovative. 

On a side note have you ever heard of The Resistance: Avalon? I think you’d really like it. It a deduction game but can get pretty advanced with special skills and ways to investigate. It’s not really innovative but definitely more enjoyable than just regular mafia/werewolf.
    I have, and enjoy it! I haven't played it enough to truly master it myself, but I think its well designed. Secret Hitler I think is a nice new addition to the genre. I played that one more and can strongly recommend.
        Yeah I heard really good things about secret hitler. I need to play it.
            I will also second Secret Hitler. My sister got it for me last year and it's so much fun!
I agree my comment was about how some people are saying it’s super creative. 

I really like among us, it’s fun. At the end of the day all that really matters is how fun the game is.
    Agreed. For me, being fun is the most important aspect.
    Secret identities games have been around for a very long time, it's one of the staple of board games, really. Mafia, Werewolf, Secret Hitler, The Resistence/Avalon, Time Bomb, Battle Star Galactica, Saboteur, Sporz, Blood on the Clocktower, Two Rooms and a Boom, etc.

That part is certainly not new nor creative. The way they turned this classic formula, kept the "hidden identities discussions" at the heart of the game while enhancing it with a fun and simplistic gameplay that hids a ton of depth... yeah, I'd call it innovative and creative.
It isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time. They have card games, party games even Town of Salem which has been around for over 6 years all follow the same strategic ideology as among us. 

Now they do have new things thrown in that those other games don’t have but the core ideology behind the game is a copy of other games.
    That’s like saying any new first person shooter can’t be innovative because Doom already did it
        More like saying that all the Doom-Clones that came after it were not innovative, and they were not really. Among Us is not groundbreaking innovation, but its still a fun game. There is, like he pointed out, a ton of these kind of games (both online and boardgame variants)
        No, it’s like saying that a first person shooter can’t be innovative based solely on it being a first person shooter, it can be innovative in other areas (maybe it’s also a great platformer or the level of choice is unprecedented or whatever) but you wouldn’t say “wow this game is so innovative, you shoot people from a first person perspective!”

These people are saying Among Us is innovative because you use subterfuge, influence, and strategy to determine who the killer is, which is something that’s been done plenty. It’s added some twists but the core of the game is *so* similar to existing games it’s hard to call it truly innovative. 

To use your example, while Quake is great FPS I wouldn’t call it *really* innovative because Doom already did most of what Quake did, it was different but the core was the same. Team Fortress is also an FPS, but it added something completely novel that created its own segment of games, the hero shooter. Team Fortress was an FPS that innovated while remaining an FPS at its core which fundamentally changed the game, while Quake was an FPS that while not without twists was fundamentally very similar to Doom. Among Us is Quake in this metaphor
        This comment would only work if Doom was innovative
            Wait wait wait, are you saying the very first doom wasn't innovative? Cause if so, you are absolutely wrong and need to refresh yourself on gaming history.
                Sorry I had a brain fart I was thinking 2016 doom not original doom
            How was Doom not innovative? Nothing even close to it had been seen before. The few forst person shooters that did exist were extremely basic in comparison.

That’s besides the point though. Just because mafia and werewolf are social deduction games doesn’t mean any other social deduction game can’t be innovative.
                Yeah don’t know why my mind went to 2016 doom not original doom. 

I’m not saying any other social deduction game can’t be innovative I’m saying among us wasn’t. Don’t generalize my statement

I really enjoy among us but no time while playing have I felt like this game really took the genre to a new level or made jumps forward that really changed my perspective on deduction games.
                    2016 Doom was also hugely innovative for modern FPS games
                    I’m not arguing that it is or isn’t innovative. Just responding to your first point ”it isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time”.

I’m saying that a game can be innovative despite the type of game being around for a long time.
            First 3d game with diagonal walls
Games like this have existed for a long time. Trouble in Terrorist Town is popular in modding communities
Because they didn't create the game, this is basically a port and reskin of an existing game, I think is the argument. 

Maybe innovative in bringing it to the digital/online gaming world though.
real ones remember wipeout on the 360 kinect 😤😤😤
I used to play Town of Salem and it’s really similar to among us. 

But yeah fall guys isn’t shattering the walls of innovation in any way. Now if they were to add a little big planet slap mechanic to combat grabbers then I would be thoroughly impressed.
Yes I have. I think you’re reading to much into my comment

Have you played unfortunate spaceman?  It got its full release a little while ago but its been in beta testing for a couple of years now. Don’t know which was initially announced first but unfortunate spacemen and among us are virtually carbon copies of each other.
    The closest relation between among us and unfortunate spaceman is that they're both hidden role games in space. That's it. I genuinely can't tell if you're being disingenuous or if you genuinely have no idea about the existence of the entire hidden role game genre.
        I definitely shouldn’t have said carbon copy cause they have difference. But the core idea behind the game is the same. 

I don’t get what the issue is here do you guys own stock in this game. My initial comment is that I have heard people call the game innovative and I disagree. There’s nothing wrong with it not being innovative most stuff isn’t. 

Also don’t know if if I’m reading your words wrong but you are coming off as a prick to me and I don’t fuck with you like that.
    I've only just heard about Unfortunate Spacemen but it is not like Among Us lmao, aside from the core concept of having a traitor on your team, they are different games entirely.
You could have left out the title and I would have assumed you were talking about Among Us. Sounds almost exactly the same
    I haven't played among us so TIL, thanks!
I actually brought up this game in one of my other comments and got eaten alive for saying it was similar to among us. 

Apparently according to others the only similarities is that the game is based in space
Agreed except among us wasn’t the first video game to do it.
I disagree. That’s like saying you’re not allowed to say you saw someone vent in Among Us because then it becomes “no I saw you vent” “no you vented.” Much of the game is deducing who’s lying based on their voice, their story, their inflection, etc. and I find it fun when 2 people counterclaim each other and the rest have to ultimately decide who’s lying. Even with our open discussion rules people often don’t counterclaim cop. In general I just think in a game that’s literally just about lying it’s dumb to make rules about what someone can or can’t say.
Well its a high risk high reward play. If you pull it off its a sure win, but if you get caught you lose. During late game, like 4-5 people remaining, people are desperate for info and will ask the cop to come out. Thats when you say youre the cop.
oh got it... you only need to learn wherr to go instead of what to do... the only pain in the ass round ia the one you need to steal a tail. I  hate that round but all other is more about " luck". but really don't give uo, I win like 1 oe 2 rounds a day and for sure tje game was better before, during the time that I just couldn't win.
    you will be downvoted for typing like a mong but this is a nice comment
        yes it's hard to type on the phone while walking. and i really couldn't care less about up or downvotes.
            truly a wandering prophet
                I am very smart
Have you played Hades yourself yet? If so, come join us at /r/HadesTheGame
    No not yet. It’s on my list but I just bought another game so need to wait for the paycheck. I know Nintendo is selling it for 20 right now


I’m not a huge rogue fan besides rouge legacy but I have heard so many good things. And I trust supergiant
        I just learned this from a friend who bought it... you can get Hades on EGS for $10 right now. All you have to do is claim Rocket League for free on their store and they give you a $10 coupon. Use that towards Hades, which is on sale for $20 and you get it for the best price it will probably be for a while.
Tried playing transistor when it was on sale, couldn't put up with the sword that just wouldn't stop commenting on everything, also the gameplay was really hard to get a grip with.

Hades is a BOP tho, and loving it.
    The same thing happens to my brother. It’s like a weird turn based gameplay. I enjoyed it but it definitely had a learning curve and definitely not for everyone. 

I think the story was great but the sword wouldn’t shut the fuck up it also didn’t help that the MC didn’t talk.
Oh for sure, that's the great thing about games!
Yes, for the most part. Each run you will get to choose upgrades for that specific journey, but when you die those are lost. However, the upgrades you buy with a few different forms of currency you get to keep. So, you’re getting stronger every run, and it’s a new path each time you play. It’s honestly insanely fun, especially for $20. I bought a copy for two friends because I’ve had so much fun with it.
Ye
Not so easy to convince someone to buy a game. And while the mobile version is free my friends ,and am guessing most people's, aren't interested in playing a mobile game.
    Most of my non-gaming friends have Macs, so they can't even play on the computer.  It being mobile & free is amazing because everybody we'd want to play with is willing to try it.
    >	and am guessing most people’s, aren’t interested in playing a mobile game.

Almost all my friends play on iPads or Chromebooks. They haven’t reopened schools in my state, so everyone with kids picked up one of those (if they didn’t already have one).
TAKE THAT BACK. THE GAME IS A GODDAMNED MASTERPIECE.
hrm. I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it. You're putting more of the "indie" part on the publisher, which I don't agree with. You can have a small team of publishers provide massive amounts of funding to a massive team of developers. By your definition, that's still indie just bc the publishing team has a small number of people, and that defeats the purpose of being indie.
    >I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it.

But the definition of indie is that it's an independent studio doing it without major support from a publisher. But even going by your definition the entire studio wasn't developing it though. [The team for the game at mediatonic was only 30 people at its highest.](https://venturebeat.com/2020/07/29/fall-guys-ultimate-knockout-how-mediatonic-crafted-a-cute-battle-royale/)


>GamesBeat: How big is the team that’s been working on this?

>Tanton: We peaked at around 30. It started with early prototyping with the classic five people sitting in a room, working out how the thing moves, but it’s obviously grown since then.
        I didn't know that only part of mediatonic worked on it, so I concede your point about that, but if they did have devolver backing them, isn't that major support from a publisher?
[removed]
    You get awrd
    Then you have the idiots that call you dumb for not figuring out the imposter
You get awrd
    Aw thanks!
        :0 yelcome!
    You get krma
        :0 thank you
That’s unbelieveable.. Wow
    Wow you get awrd good redditor
im shocked that people actually play with other people with the online lobbies.  how the hell would the game work without voicechat?
    I wish I could do VC! I don't have a mic unfortunately. I've had some good games with randos in chat, I type very quickly and consider it a fun challenge to persuade people if I think they're voting too hastily or are hesitating to vote someone I know is imp. But yeah a lot of the time it's a train wreck.
        you can use your phone as a mic if you download discord or mumble or whatever vc program u want to use
            I never even thought of that! I'll have to give that a try.
Yikes, that's bad, sorry you had to see that.
Welcome to the internet, first time?
Wow. Sounds like they'd give the rainbow six seige community competition for being the most toxic gaming community.




Edit: after seeing I got downvoted I thought I'd add that I'm not shitting on individuals who play seige but aren't toxic. I play siege and that's how I found out that the community tends to be reasonably toxic. If you're not doing this, you're not one of the people contributing to the toxicity. This reminded me of my experiences with seige but I also hate blanket statements so it's best to clarify that I don't mean everyone who plays seige acts like this. It's just common enough for the community to come across as toxic.
An everyone else gets awrd here you go
    You generous bastard
        Love you too random citizen
Huh?
    Seems it left a bad taste in your mouth
        Ah I get it
            You edited your comment you traitorous bastard!
                What did it originally say
                Yeah burn the witch, what did he originally said?

Sorry for my bad English not native :(
Up vote this man, the other guy edited the comment!
i have no idea
Yo really thats badass im happy your welcome :)
Thank you, heartbreakhill, for voting on botwasnotanimposter.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)
If you’re looking for that level of originality you’re gonna consider everything derivative
    Well that’s only if you think something needs to be innovative or different to be enjoyable. I don’t believe something needs to be innovative to be enjoyable. I just don’t like calling everything innovative if I enjoy it. I only reserve that for certain titles.
        That’s fair but what would you even call innovative nowadays? Even Undertale, which I think was one of the more innovative and refreshing games of the last decade, can be considered a synthesis of different aspects of various Mario and Luigis, Earthbound, and various other games which the developer cites. I think there are grounds to call it innovative on the scale of what can even be considered as such bc it offers a great spin to a base game everyone knows.
            I rarely ever consider anything innovative, though that’s a personal opinion. But I would consider Dreams for the PS4 innovative (and I don’t even care for it since I have no interest in creating) 

Minecraft, LBP, Halo, the MOD in Day Z to make it a battle royal, Journey, Gears of war, Demon Souls, The Longing.

There’s multiple ways to innovate, games like mass effect with the branching story lines, telltale games  and the graphic novel story telling,  heavy rain created an entire new genre of gaming. 

I would even say Death Stranding even though it’s sucks. It is actually so innovative that it is no part of the orientation for UPS and Fed Ex



I actually just bought undertale a few days ago was going to start playing it today. I have heard it’s super innovated. So I’ll get back to you on it lol.
My comment was deleted with reddit server issues, but here's a summary from memory. 

1) There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf). Secret Hitler definitely falls in the later category, but the other 3 do not. I've only played Bang! but read the summaries on BGG, but none of them seem to have deduction as a key aspect of the game. For the purposes of the specific sub-genre we're talking about, its games where the deduction is the whole point and you use it to eliminate players either directly (e.g. Among Us, werewolf) or indirectly (e.g. Secret Hitler (though it has direct too), Resistance: Avalon). 

2) Your comment about Unfortunate Spaceman in particular is funny, since I agree, though think you structured it backwards: Unfortunate Spaceman is 3D Among Us with some shooting thrown in, given it was produced ~2 years after Among Us. In fact all the games but Deceit came out after Among Us, showing how a little innovation in how we move through deduction games can spawn numerous other people pushing it in unique directions.
    >There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf).

All of the hidden role games I listed are deduction games. Hidden role games aren't always automatically deduction games but it's usually a safe bet that they are. The games I listed have a varying degree of more game to them but they're absolutely all deduction as a primary aspect. Dead of Winter is the only one where you can argue that the more game is just as important or maybe a little bit more important than the deduction. If you look the games up on boardgamegeek that site will agree.

Unfortunate Spacemen was released in early access in 2016. The other two were indeed more recent affairs. Unless Among Us had an early access period that I'm unaware of Unfortunate Spacemen was definitely first of the two.
        Damn knew I was forgetting something. This is why I wish my original comment saved :(

Of the one's I've played Secret Hitler is, but Bang! most certainly is not. The deduction in bang is trivial at best and there's little point in deceiving anyone when you can only shot 1-2 spaces away from you. The rest as I mentioned are not, and strike me more akin to something like the objective cards in Nemesis. 

With respect to Boardgame geek I think we can both agree that social deduction games are a very different beast than just regular deduction games. If you click the BGG deduction tag, you'll see that one of the most popular titles is codenames which is a deduction name true, but far and away different than werewolf.
I have, and enjoy it! I haven't played it enough to truly master it myself, but I think its well designed. Secret Hitler I think is a nice new addition to the genre. I played that one more and can strongly recommend.
    Yeah I heard really good things about secret hitler. I need to play it.
        I will also second Secret Hitler. My sister got it for me last year and it's so much fun!
Agreed. For me, being fun is the most important aspect.
Secret identities games have been around for a very long time, it's one of the staple of board games, really. Mafia, Werewolf, Secret Hitler, The Resistence/Avalon, Time Bomb, Battle Star Galactica, Saboteur, Sporz, Blood on the Clocktower, Two Rooms and a Boom, etc.

That part is certainly not new nor creative. The way they turned this classic formula, kept the "hidden identities discussions" at the heart of the game while enhancing it with a fun and simplistic gameplay that hids a ton of depth... yeah, I'd call it innovative and creative.
That’s like saying any new first person shooter can’t be innovative because Doom already did it
    More like saying that all the Doom-Clones that came after it were not innovative, and they were not really. Among Us is not groundbreaking innovation, but its still a fun game. There is, like he pointed out, a ton of these kind of games (both online and boardgame variants)
    No, it’s like saying that a first person shooter can’t be innovative based solely on it being a first person shooter, it can be innovative in other areas (maybe it’s also a great platformer or the level of choice is unprecedented or whatever) but you wouldn’t say “wow this game is so innovative, you shoot people from a first person perspective!”

These people are saying Among Us is innovative because you use subterfuge, influence, and strategy to determine who the killer is, which is something that’s been done plenty. It’s added some twists but the core of the game is *so* similar to existing games it’s hard to call it truly innovative. 

To use your example, while Quake is great FPS I wouldn’t call it *really* innovative because Doom already did most of what Quake did, it was different but the core was the same. Team Fortress is also an FPS, but it added something completely novel that created its own segment of games, the hero shooter. Team Fortress was an FPS that innovated while remaining an FPS at its core which fundamentally changed the game, while Quake was an FPS that while not without twists was fundamentally very similar to Doom. Among Us is Quake in this metaphor
    This comment would only work if Doom was innovative
        Wait wait wait, are you saying the very first doom wasn't innovative? Cause if so, you are absolutely wrong and need to refresh yourself on gaming history.
            Sorry I had a brain fart I was thinking 2016 doom not original doom
        How was Doom not innovative? Nothing even close to it had been seen before. The few forst person shooters that did exist were extremely basic in comparison.

That’s besides the point though. Just because mafia and werewolf are social deduction games doesn’t mean any other social deduction game can’t be innovative.
            Yeah don’t know why my mind went to 2016 doom not original doom. 

I’m not saying any other social deduction game can’t be innovative I’m saying among us wasn’t. Don’t generalize my statement

I really enjoy among us but no time while playing have I felt like this game really took the genre to a new level or made jumps forward that really changed my perspective on deduction games.
                2016 Doom was also hugely innovative for modern FPS games
                I’m not arguing that it is or isn’t innovative. Just responding to your first point ”it isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time”.

I’m saying that a game can be innovative despite the type of game being around for a long time.
        First 3d game with diagonal walls
The closest relation between among us and unfortunate spaceman is that they're both hidden role games in space. That's it. I genuinely can't tell if you're being disingenuous or if you genuinely have no idea about the existence of the entire hidden role game genre.
    I definitely shouldn’t have said carbon copy cause they have difference. But the core idea behind the game is the same. 

I don’t get what the issue is here do you guys own stock in this game. My initial comment is that I have heard people call the game innovative and I disagree. There’s nothing wrong with it not being innovative most stuff isn’t. 

Also don’t know if if I’m reading your words wrong but you are coming off as a prick to me and I don’t fuck with you like that.
I've only just heard about Unfortunate Spacemen but it is not like Among Us lmao, aside from the core concept of having a traitor on your team, they are different games entirely.
I haven't played among us so TIL, thanks!
you will be downvoted for typing like a mong but this is a nice comment
    yes it's hard to type on the phone while walking. and i really couldn't care less about up or downvotes.
        truly a wandering prophet
            I am very smart
No not yet. It’s on my list but I just bought another game so need to wait for the paycheck. I know Nintendo is selling it for 20 right now


I’m not a huge rogue fan besides rouge legacy but I have heard so many good things. And I trust supergiant
    I just learned this from a friend who bought it... you can get Hades on EGS for $10 right now. All you have to do is claim Rocket League for free on their store and they give you a $10 coupon. Use that towards Hades, which is on sale for $20 and you get it for the best price it will probably be for a while.
The same thing happens to my brother. It’s like a weird turn based gameplay. I enjoyed it but it definitely had a learning curve and definitely not for everyone. 

I think the story was great but the sword wouldn’t shut the fuck up it also didn’t help that the MC didn’t talk.
Most of my non-gaming friends have Macs, so they can't even play on the computer.  It being mobile & free is amazing because everybody we'd want to play with is willing to try it.
>	and am guessing most people’s, aren’t interested in playing a mobile game.

Almost all my friends play on iPads or Chromebooks. They haven’t reopened schools in my state, so everyone with kids picked up one of those (if they didn’t already have one).
>I'm not sure you can say a game is indie with hundreds of people developing it.

But the definition of indie is that it's an independent studio doing it without major support from a publisher. But even going by your definition the entire studio wasn't developing it though. [The team for the game at mediatonic was only 30 people at its highest.](https://venturebeat.com/2020/07/29/fall-guys-ultimate-knockout-how-mediatonic-crafted-a-cute-battle-royale/)


>GamesBeat: How big is the team that’s been working on this?

>Tanton: We peaked at around 30. It started with early prototyping with the classic five people sitting in a room, working out how the thing moves, but it’s obviously grown since then.
    I didn't know that only part of mediatonic worked on it, so I concede your point about that, but if they did have devolver backing them, isn't that major support from a publisher?
You get awrd
Then you have the idiots that call you dumb for not figuring out the imposter
Aw thanks!
    :0 yelcome!
You get krma
    :0 thank you
Wow you get awrd good redditor
I wish I could do VC! I don't have a mic unfortunately. I've had some good games with randos in chat, I type very quickly and consider it a fun challenge to persuade people if I think they're voting too hastily or are hesitating to vote someone I know is imp. But yeah a lot of the time it's a train wreck.
    you can use your phone as a mic if you download discord or mumble or whatever vc program u want to use
        I never even thought of that! I'll have to give that a try.
You generous bastard
    Love you too random citizen
Seems it left a bad taste in your mouth
    Ah I get it
        You edited your comment you traitorous bastard!
            What did it originally say
            Yeah burn the witch, what did he originally said?

Sorry for my bad English not native :(
Well that’s only if you think something needs to be innovative or different to be enjoyable. I don’t believe something needs to be innovative to be enjoyable. I just don’t like calling everything innovative if I enjoy it. I only reserve that for certain titles.
    That’s fair but what would you even call innovative nowadays? Even Undertale, which I think was one of the more innovative and refreshing games of the last decade, can be considered a synthesis of different aspects of various Mario and Luigis, Earthbound, and various other games which the developer cites. I think there are grounds to call it innovative on the scale of what can even be considered as such bc it offers a great spin to a base game everyone knows.
        I rarely ever consider anything innovative, though that’s a personal opinion. But I would consider Dreams for the PS4 innovative (and I don’t even care for it since I have no interest in creating) 

Minecraft, LBP, Halo, the MOD in Day Z to make it a battle royal, Journey, Gears of war, Demon Souls, The Longing.

There’s multiple ways to innovate, games like mass effect with the branching story lines, telltale games  and the graphic novel story telling,  heavy rain created an entire new genre of gaming. 

I would even say Death Stranding even though it’s sucks. It is actually so innovative that it is no part of the orientation for UPS and Fed Ex



I actually just bought undertale a few days ago was going to start playing it today. I have heard it’s super innovated. So I’ll get back to you on it lol.
>There's a difference between hidden role games (which use varying amounts of deduction) and an actual deduction game (where that's the main point; i.e. Among Us/werewolf).

All of the hidden role games I listed are deduction games. Hidden role games aren't always automatically deduction games but it's usually a safe bet that they are. The games I listed have a varying degree of more game to them but they're absolutely all deduction as a primary aspect. Dead of Winter is the only one where you can argue that the more game is just as important or maybe a little bit more important than the deduction. If you look the games up on boardgamegeek that site will agree.

Unfortunate Spacemen was released in early access in 2016. The other two were indeed more recent affairs. Unless Among Us had an early access period that I'm unaware of Unfortunate Spacemen was definitely first of the two.
    Damn knew I was forgetting something. This is why I wish my original comment saved :(

Of the one's I've played Secret Hitler is, but Bang! most certainly is not. The deduction in bang is trivial at best and there's little point in deceiving anyone when you can only shot 1-2 spaces away from you. The rest as I mentioned are not, and strike me more akin to something like the objective cards in Nemesis. 

With respect to Boardgame geek I think we can both agree that social deduction games are a very different beast than just regular deduction games. If you click the BGG deduction tag, you'll see that one of the most popular titles is codenames which is a deduction name true, but far and away different than werewolf.
Yeah I heard really good things about secret hitler. I need to play it.
    I will also second Secret Hitler. My sister got it for me last year and it's so much fun!
More like saying that all the Doom-Clones that came after it were not innovative, and they were not really. Among Us is not groundbreaking innovation, but its still a fun game. There is, like he pointed out, a ton of these kind of games (both online and boardgame variants)
No, it’s like saying that a first person shooter can’t be innovative based solely on it being a first person shooter, it can be innovative in other areas (maybe it’s also a great platformer or the level of choice is unprecedented or whatever) but you wouldn’t say “wow this game is so innovative, you shoot people from a first person perspective!”

These people are saying Among Us is innovative because you use subterfuge, influence, and strategy to determine who the killer is, which is something that’s been done plenty. It’s added some twists but the core of the game is *so* similar to existing games it’s hard to call it truly innovative. 

To use your example, while Quake is great FPS I wouldn’t call it *really* innovative because Doom already did most of what Quake did, it was different but the core was the same. Team Fortress is also an FPS, but it added something completely novel that created its own segment of games, the hero shooter. Team Fortress was an FPS that innovated while remaining an FPS at its core which fundamentally changed the game, while Quake was an FPS that while not without twists was fundamentally very similar to Doom. Among Us is Quake in this metaphor
This comment would only work if Doom was innovative
    Wait wait wait, are you saying the very first doom wasn't innovative? Cause if so, you are absolutely wrong and need to refresh yourself on gaming history.
        Sorry I had a brain fart I was thinking 2016 doom not original doom
    How was Doom not innovative? Nothing even close to it had been seen before. The few forst person shooters that did exist were extremely basic in comparison.

That’s besides the point though. Just because mafia and werewolf are social deduction games doesn’t mean any other social deduction game can’t be innovative.
        Yeah don’t know why my mind went to 2016 doom not original doom. 

I’m not saying any other social deduction game can’t be innovative I’m saying among us wasn’t. Don’t generalize my statement

I really enjoy among us but no time while playing have I felt like this game really took the genre to a new level or made jumps forward that really changed my perspective on deduction games.
            2016 Doom was also hugely innovative for modern FPS games
            I’m not arguing that it is or isn’t innovative. Just responding to your first point ”it isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time”.

I’m saying that a game can be innovative despite the type of game being around for a long time.
    First 3d game with diagonal walls
I definitely shouldn’t have said carbon copy cause they have difference. But the core idea behind the game is the same. 

I don’t get what the issue is here do you guys own stock in this game. My initial comment is that I have heard people call the game innovative and I disagree. There’s nothing wrong with it not being innovative most stuff isn’t. 

Also don’t know if if I’m reading your words wrong but you are coming off as a prick to me and I don’t fuck with you like that.
yes it's hard to type on the phone while walking. and i really couldn't care less about up or downvotes.
    truly a wandering prophet
        I am very smart
I just learned this from a friend who bought it... you can get Hades on EGS for $10 right now. All you have to do is claim Rocket League for free on their store and they give you a $10 coupon. Use that towards Hades, which is on sale for $20 and you get it for the best price it will probably be for a while.
I didn't know that only part of mediatonic worked on it, so I concede your point about that, but if they did have devolver backing them, isn't that major support from a publisher?
:0 yelcome!
:0 thank you
you can use your phone as a mic if you download discord or mumble or whatever vc program u want to use
    I never even thought of that! I'll have to give that a try.
Love you too random citizen
Ah I get it
    You edited your comment you traitorous bastard!
        What did it originally say
        Yeah burn the witch, what did he originally said?

Sorry for my bad English not native :(
That’s fair but what would you even call innovative nowadays? Even Undertale, which I think was one of the more innovative and refreshing games of the last decade, can be considered a synthesis of different aspects of various Mario and Luigis, Earthbound, and various other games which the developer cites. I think there are grounds to call it innovative on the scale of what can even be considered as such bc it offers a great spin to a base game everyone knows.
    I rarely ever consider anything innovative, though that’s a personal opinion. But I would consider Dreams for the PS4 innovative (and I don’t even care for it since I have no interest in creating) 

Minecraft, LBP, Halo, the MOD in Day Z to make it a battle royal, Journey, Gears of war, Demon Souls, The Longing.

There’s multiple ways to innovate, games like mass effect with the branching story lines, telltale games  and the graphic novel story telling,  heavy rain created an entire new genre of gaming. 

I would even say Death Stranding even though it’s sucks. It is actually so innovative that it is no part of the orientation for UPS and Fed Ex



I actually just bought undertale a few days ago was going to start playing it today. I have heard it’s super innovated. So I’ll get back to you on it lol.
Damn knew I was forgetting something. This is why I wish my original comment saved :(

Of the one's I've played Secret Hitler is, but Bang! most certainly is not. The deduction in bang is trivial at best and there's little point in deceiving anyone when you can only shot 1-2 spaces away from you. The rest as I mentioned are not, and strike me more akin to something like the objective cards in Nemesis. 

With respect to Boardgame geek I think we can both agree that social deduction games are a very different beast than just regular deduction games. If you click the BGG deduction tag, you'll see that one of the most popular titles is codenames which is a deduction name true, but far and away different than werewolf.
I will also second Secret Hitler. My sister got it for me last year and it's so much fun!
Wait wait wait, are you saying the very first doom wasn't innovative? Cause if so, you are absolutely wrong and need to refresh yourself on gaming history.
    Sorry I had a brain fart I was thinking 2016 doom not original doom
How was Doom not innovative? Nothing even close to it had been seen before. The few forst person shooters that did exist were extremely basic in comparison.

That’s besides the point though. Just because mafia and werewolf are social deduction games doesn’t mean any other social deduction game can’t be innovative.
    Yeah don’t know why my mind went to 2016 doom not original doom. 

I’m not saying any other social deduction game can’t be innovative I’m saying among us wasn’t. Don’t generalize my statement

I really enjoy among us but no time while playing have I felt like this game really took the genre to a new level or made jumps forward that really changed my perspective on deduction games.
        2016 Doom was also hugely innovative for modern FPS games
        I’m not arguing that it is or isn’t innovative. Just responding to your first point ”it isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time”.

I’m saying that a game can be innovative despite the type of game being around for a long time.
First 3d game with diagonal walls
truly a wandering prophet
    I am very smart
I never even thought of that! I'll have to give that a try.
You edited your comment you traitorous bastard!
    What did it originally say
    Yeah burn the witch, what did he originally said?

Sorry for my bad English not native :(
I rarely ever consider anything innovative, though that’s a personal opinion. But I would consider Dreams for the PS4 innovative (and I don’t even care for it since I have no interest in creating) 

Minecraft, LBP, Halo, the MOD in Day Z to make it a battle royal, Journey, Gears of war, Demon Souls, The Longing.

There’s multiple ways to innovate, games like mass effect with the branching story lines, telltale games  and the graphic novel story telling,  heavy rain created an entire new genre of gaming. 

I would even say Death Stranding even though it’s sucks. It is actually so innovative that it is no part of the orientation for UPS and Fed Ex



I actually just bought undertale a few days ago was going to start playing it today. I have heard it’s super innovated. So I’ll get back to you on it lol.
Sorry I had a brain fart I was thinking 2016 doom not original doom
Yeah don’t know why my mind went to 2016 doom not original doom. 

I’m not saying any other social deduction game can’t be innovative I’m saying among us wasn’t. Don’t generalize my statement

I really enjoy among us but no time while playing have I felt like this game really took the genre to a new level or made jumps forward that really changed my perspective on deduction games.
    2016 Doom was also hugely innovative for modern FPS games
    I’m not arguing that it is or isn’t innovative. Just responding to your first point ”it isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time”.

I’m saying that a game can be innovative despite the type of game being around for a long time.
I am very smart
What did it originally say
Yeah burn the witch, what did he originally said?

Sorry for my bad English not native :(
2016 Doom was also hugely innovative for modern FPS games
I’m not arguing that it is or isn’t innovative. Just responding to your first point ”it isn’t innovative in that that type of game has been around for a long time”.

I’m saying that a game can be innovative despite the type of game being around for a long time.
