[[Congrats to the winner of Smash Summit 11 singles!]]





All of the storylines collided so perfectly; the first IRL tourney after the pandemic year; Mango being so done after losing to Plup he tweeted that he almost wanted to just lose the next set and go home; Zain and plup and hbox playing ridiculous; the return of Mango Fox; and a fucking 10 game grand finals that included Mango beating the best marth of all time twice on FD with Fox. Holy shit this was an incredible return for Melee.
    not to mention down to the last fucking stock
        Literally a fresh slate on the last stock for both players. It could have gone either way.

I wanted Zain at first but Mang0 deserved that win for how much work he put in for that losers run. So good
            Zain even got a grab, I thought it was over.
                That's them $50k nerves. That's them prestige nerves. Them facing mang0 on the sickest loser run into one if the most insane grand finals ever nerves.  Zain flubbed a ton but so did mang0.  At first I was a little (emphasis on only a little) disappointed by it and then pulled my head out of my ass and realized of course they have fucking nerves.  No player in either of their shoes would be anything but a heaping plate of spaghetti.  It added to the hype.
                    I miss the old mango, the straight from the go mango.
                    imagine being in either of their positions and knowing you have to play the best melee of your life right then and if you make one mistake you lose $23k
                    Sometimes I genuinely feel like Mang0 can pull off these sick ass losers runs just because in the back of the other players head they're like fuck I wanna see a sick ass Mang0 loser's run I can't win this.
                    This was the Smash set with perhaps the most pressure ever behind it. No two players have ever had more stakes behind their set as this grands.
                        The only argument I can possibly make is Evo just based on the crowd size/venue/stage? Like maybe the one where hbox ran the reset on Armada, 2016 I think.  But even then I tend to agree with you. This tournament meant a ton.
                    It’s really cool to think about the mind games at that level
        Yeah Jesus Christ I didn't even remember that. Haven't felt this way about a tourney since Apex 15. Just legend shit.
            Yup. This was the first set where I thought to myself, "Oh fuck, this might be better than Apex 2015". At the end of game 9
                One big thing that this tourney was missing imo is a massive hype crowd. The crowd at the summit house was definitely hype in it's own way though. 

Let's see in a few months if this tourney really beat apex 2015 - right now I agree that it is but there is a LOT of recency bias lol.
                    I agree, but hearing the excitement from the other attendees at Summit was unusual for a summit event and definitely added to the hype overall lol.

The only thing that pushes this set back is that there were a few technical flubs from both players. A real, perfect set would have both players at their absolute best. This set has everything else going for it though
    This is certainly the best tourney and grand finals I’ve watched live as a spectator. I would’ve liked to see Amsa or Axe or one of the newcomers to further, but really the bracket had a little bit of everything and then some
        I've seen most majors from 2013 forward.  I can somewhat confidently tell you this ranks up there for me.  It's probably #1 (it's all subjective at the end of the day).  I'm going to sleep on it.  I might put plups genesis win over it.
            Over Apex 2015?
                I'll put that in top 5.  I love me some ppmd but not that much.  I think my list would go.


1. Summit 11 (????)

1. Evo 2013 (it was the first stream I watched -- hard not to slot #2)
 
1. Genesis 5 (the one Plup won, I think it was 5?)
 
1. TBH 4 (what can I say I'm a mang0/plup fanboy at the end of the day)
 
1. APEX 2015 / GOML 2016 / Evo 2016 -- hard to say, 3 way tie.
                    Would you rank Smash Summit 6/8 quite high? Both those tournaments had bonkers upsets and some of the wildest results ever.

Still cannot get over Axe Wizzrobe grand finals in a tournament with both Mang0 and Hbox.
                        Mmmm... good question. I feel satisfied with my top 4 personally. All of this is subjective af of course.  Axe winning summit was pretty fuckin wholesome.  For some reason I felt the level of play was off... no offense to axe or Wizz but to have a falcon Pikachu grands some things needed to have gone wonky.  They were both out of their minds that top 8 though to be fair.  Watching axe overcome with emotion was pretty satisfying. Was summit 6 m2k?  I think I was on vacation in New Orleans for that one so I was only able to watch like wunners finals forward.  I've never been a huge fan of m2k though I respect the shit out of him.

I guess I'd put them like 10 through 15? Somewhere in there? Reason being because there were some royal flushes, other TBH, and other Genesis that I'm really fond of.  Leffens Evo win pretty hype too.
                    Where is Big House 9 on your list?
                        Up there,  no doubt.  Top 10 easy. TBH4 just had a vibe to it.  It was a particular era of mang0 that was just really flashy and amazing to watch.
                        Tbh9 is definitely a contender for top tournament in my mind with one of the best GF's especially. In fact for me it's either that tournament or this one.
            Thoughts on where apex 15 sits?
        Funny thing is Axe has won a Summit before.
    Legit I was rooting for Hbox for the first time ever. Melee is weird man
        hbox played like a stand up gent this tourney tho
            Nah he sits down for his sets now
        Same here sucks how awkward they all talk to him after matches nd root against him tho in a passive aggressive way
        Dude same!  Not for the first time, because I was rooting for him against Armada in 2016, but I was really hoping for a good run from him after that Amsa set.
        It’s weird not seeing the dude on top
    Also got Amsa vs. Hungrybox which continues to be one of the best recurring matches of Summit.
        I thought this one would be the set of the tournament before Zain v. Mango
    In terms of raw skill, Zain is absolutely the best Marth to ever do it, his sheer dominance vs spaces and ability to perform well against the entire cast as a solo man is bonkers. I'd still argue that he's not the GOAT Marth over Mew2King yet, but would not be surprised at all to see that change in the near future.
        That's fair, I agree in terms of legacy and longevity (even though it's *real* tight rn, one or two more supermajors and one or two more years at the top and Zain will have the edge); but in terms of gameplay I think it's no contest, we've never ever seen a marth play like this.
        [deleted]
            Okay, okay, I think you take playstyle way too much into account when considering this. I'm sorry, but I simply cannot understand the thought process of ranking PP over M2K, and that line of thinking falls flat upon more examination. First off, your description of M2K's playstyle is a gross misunderstanding and exaggeration of his playstyle, as someone who's analysed and compared both their Marths, both M2K and Zain play for the cheese at the ledge a lot, but it's like saying Hbox's whole playstyle is just floating and bairing, there's so much more to it then that. M2K will mix in dash dancing in place with a sudden burst of movement or am attack, he'll whiff punish, he'll grab you and intentionally combo upwards for the damage or to set into a Ken combo, etc.
Secondly, even if it was correct... so? He still found incredible success, and was the best Marth in the world from 2007-2013, and 2016-2018. Does Zain being the best Marth in the world for 2-3 years, depending on how much you value online, outweigh the factor of M2K literally being the best Marth in the game, for at least, double that time period, arguably more? I'd still say not yet. 
Thirdly, M2K has also played Marth a lot in the ditto, and for the majority of his career, prioritized Marth as his top character (from 2007-2010, 2014, 2016-2019). Sure, he dual mains, but Marth is the character he's played the most. 
Fourthly, M2K has won not 1 or 2, but 6 sets vs Armads with Marth. Twice in 2016, once in 2017, and three times in 2018. Obviously this pales in comparison to other gods, but at least he's on the very short list of people to take a set of Armada, which, Zain isn't. You can argue whether he could've if Armada kept painting  but at the end of the day in our timeline, Zain failed to take a set off Armada. 
Fifthly, to debunk the PPMD argument, PP was also a dual main, and I'd argue only prioritized Marth in 2015, which, he only attended 3 major tournaments. He's also won 3 majors going some amount of Marth, while M2K has won at least double that, winning multiple majors in 2007, 2013, 2016, 2017, and 2018, and only was the best Marth at maximum from 2014-2015, which even then, PP primarily played Falco in 2014, and was ranked lower in 2015.
Lastly, M2K was the definitive best in the world with Marth in 2007, and possibly even 2008. Zain has only been the best player in North America online. It's still very impressive, and he will likely prove himself by the end of the year, but as of right now, it just doesn't have the same impact. He also practically invented the modern style of Marth, in which Zain has built upon with great results.

I'm deeply sorry for the wall of text, but I honestly fail to understand your thought process, on so many accounts, and is even flat out incorrect on a few things.
                [deleted]
                    PP would not mainly play Marth, he would primarily play Falco up to 2015-2016, which is the sole exception for this. And even that, he played a lot of Falco that year, specifically at Evo and Canada Cup, He also wasn't very active those years either. M2K has most definitely played more Marth overall than PPMD has. I can see where you're coming from with Zain over M2K, but there is no way at all that PP is a greater Marth all time than M2K . If you're going to take points away from M2K for not solo maining then that's fine, but you'd have to do the same for PPMD as well.

M2K has been playing primarily Marth for longer than PP, has won more major tournaments going Marth then PP, etc.
                        [deleted]
                            Unlike M2K, PP didn't really choose between Marth or Falco for matchup reasons, it was more how much energy he had or what he was feeling in the moment. He wasn't really truly confident in one specific character in one specific mu. For example, at Evo 2015, PP went pretty much exclusively Falco until top 8, then went exclusively Marth vs Plup's Sheik, then both characters vs Armada and Hungrybox. At Apex, he went pretty much Marth vs everyone except S2J and one set with Armada. As you can see, there isn't really a rhyme or reason for choosing a certain character, it's more a feels based thing.  
Taking away points for not playing Marth in certain mu's is valid, it's just hard to compare because M2K would almost exclusively go Marth vs spacies and Peach, but almost exclusively Sheik vs Sheik and Falcon. For PPMD, he dual mained both from around 2013-2015, he primarily played Falco in 2013-2014, and Marth in 2015-early 2016. So if you had to find a statistic to compare the two on, it would more than likely just be which of their mains they prioritized, in which M2K has prioritize Marth in more years than PPMD has.
    Haven't followed melee in years by now, so Zain has now canonically earned the spot as GOAT marth?
        Different people will give you different answers. Almost no one disputes that he, right now, is playing Marth at a higher level than *anyone* prior to this point: he dominates Marths good matchups (outside of mango he just doesn’t lose to spacies, ever), and he’s taken what were previously considered tough or weird matchups and dramatically improved them (Hbox/puff, Pikachu, falcon), while also being a god at the ditto (taken every major name, including an admittedly rusty M2K). 

The only things stopping him from being GOAT marth would be legacy and longevity: those are both eroding steadily as he continues to dominate, but a lot of people still think he needs a few more years / super majors to indisputably best M2K (or, if you’re one of those people, Ken).
            jesus, props to him, last time i followed it was shortly before his first major win
    Not to mention the ridiculous viewing numbers
Super impressed with mangos resilience. I was worried it was going to be like SCL grands where he fell apart set 2. Mango fox fans creaming rn
    I was so deflated after Mang0 had game 1 and game 2 of set 1 fall through his fingers, but little did we know what Mang0 was about to fucking do.
        little did we KNOW!!!!!!!!!!
        I did not watch it live, I pulled up the video, did not look at how long it was, then Mang0 lost game 1 and 2 and I was so sad, I was like do I even need to watch this last game? Then I looked at how long the video was, (which I wish I hadn't) and had a preemptive pop off that mang0 was about to win at least 3 games in a row. 


I had no idea how the 2nd set was going to go though. Then on game 10, when Mang0 lost the first two stocks in a row, I closed the video, I was like god damn it's over, I don't want to watch Mang0 choke again. 

Then I took a deep breath, said, well... maybe... and opened it back up, watched the swing in the momentum, and absolutely lost my shit when he won! Such a great set! Zain was playing out of his mind, but then he was also def feeling the pressure, and had a couple SDs in the set, but hey, that's live melee.
    Yeah for real. He never had a stupid SD.
[deleted]
    There have been so many great ones over the years but never has a melee set made me feel this way.
        There's a beauty with this being the first in-person major post-pandemic too
            And for almost $50k
                And with Mang0 going fox against Zain with the whole fox-marth narrative going around lately
        You know I was thinking "well.. it was a decent set.. wish there was less flubbing" but at the same time... what do you expect?  That was a suuuper high pressure set.  Nerves is literally half the battle.  And it wasn't like there weren't insane plays happening ever other engagement.  Insane set.
    i would actually believe that nicholas yingling won summit before i'd believe that mango won 5 sets in a row in losers then reverse 3-0'd zain with 2 fox fd wins before winning the second set game 5 last hit

that did not happen

mang0 is fucking warping reality
        Fucking lol.  Word
    Summit 11 and Apex 15 grand finals. Top 2 no question
        Royal Flush and EVO 2016 in the convo for me
            BH9 GFs with the stream cutting out, Armada’s swansong at Smash Con ‘18 vs m2k, Mango vs Leffen at G4, there really are too many insane sets to choose from
                Mannnnn I forgot the bh9 cut out!!! That was crazy, I was thinking of that set during this gfs for obvious reasons
            Ironically the one that gets bumped from top 10 lists for this is probably Big House 9, since this was the same thing but fox and at the return to lan
            Only thing is royal flush is not an iconic tournament. The stakes and the stage heighten the significance
        EVO 2016, how could you forget?
            Evo 2016 is top 5 for me, but not as good as this or apex 15. The mystery of the return of PP for apex and the return to LAN from pandemic both outvalue the (extremely great!) evo 16 gfs
        Genesis 1-3, Apex 2015 I think should be rightfully in there.
            Apex 15 is unseatable as #1 for me personally. The entire tournament was perfect leading up to the goat return of Kevin. Man. I get chills thinking about it definitely the best event I’ve watched live (not in person)
    So glad I stayed up. Now I can say I saw apex 2015, evo 2016, and summit 11 live. Summit 11 has got to be the best one though. I can't believe that I just saw. 2 fd games? So many times this set I thought it was over. Fuck
        Didn’t really start watching until like 2019. Always kind of get bummed out watching the classics thinking about how I couldn’t experience them live without knowing the outcome. Absolutely thrilled I just watched that live
            there is SO MUCH more melee to be played
    Greatest set of all time
        free
    Not even close imo.
Really hype to see Mang0 bringing it back from the absolute edge, but Zain choked massively and made a ton of mistakes.

The best set of all times should be awarded to one where both players are at their peak and playing the best melee possible.
        Everyone is remembering the slop from this set because we just watched it, but pretty much every epic set in grands has some spaghetti.  The stakes and pressure make it basically impossible to play flawless melee.
            Also the entire building chanting Mango's name has to hit him a little. I do notice Zain starts to look shakey  in grands tho so many the pressure of the final is his weakness
                I wonder if Zain might be realizing that he's become so dominant so fast that it might make people annoyed with "oh great, another Zain win" like they did with armada...? Must suck to be so new compared to mango and still feel like expectations are on you to easily win and so everybody wants to cheer for an OG god over you
        I think it was very close.

Zain is incredibly good, but part of a big tournament is being able to play through the choke
        All sets have flubs. a lot of it also comes from mango putting a ton of pressure in zains face and him having to try and deal with it.
        If Zain choking still forces mango to play the best he has in a long time and almost beats him? Says something about Zain, eh?
            Also about the matchup IMO 

That said I think a lot of the Zain flubs don’t happen if Mang0 isn’t playing out of his fucking mind
                Word. Mango's insane play forces the likelihood of mistakes. The pressure is toobmuch sometimes.
        I agree honestly, this was a very, very  entertaining set, but both players made some pretty bad mistakes. It was super close and fun to watch, but I wouldn’t call it the “greatest”. Maybe I’m just being nit-picky tho. Either way, you shouldn’t be getting downvoted for expressing your opinion :p

Edit: a lot of people have been saying that every high stakes grand finals set has flubs/spaghetti, which is true. That said, this one definitely had more flubs than a lot of the other historic sets.

This kind of reminds me of the Patriots / Falcons super bowl from a few years ago. It was a super awesome game to watch and one of my favorites as a patriots fan, but the Falcons played so shitty in the second half that many will argue it wasn’t “great” game. Again, I think it just comes down semantics and opinion.

Edit 2: I’ve thought about it some more, and I do think I’m not appreciating the context of the set enough. One of the first major “IRL” tourneys with the biggest prize pool ever, and an insane losers run. It was the first tourney I’ve watched in awhile and I assume that’s true for a lot of other people too. Two greatest players in the world down to the last stock. While it wasn’t the best “performance” in a vacuum, I think the argument can be made it was the greatest set.
            Don't let the downvotes from people feeding of hype change your opinion.
Truth is, recency bias and "it's MANGO" is definetely making people react with exaggerated hot takes. As time passes and everyone looks at this set with a cold head, it will be pretty obvious it wasn't that great, very sloppy and spaghetti melee all around. You could argue "context matters" but if that's the case I can think of a million other sets with way higher stakes (besides money, I guess) and crazy atmosphere than this one
                It was a ninja edit, but I hear you. I was thinking that too, had Zain taken that last stock the hype wouldn’t be the same. Honestly most of the reason I loved the set is because I’m a Mang0 fanboy. And yeah, having a crowd definitely would’ve added to the hype.
    Amazing set but this is recency bias talking
Greatest melee moment of all time period
    Is that actually the best set of melee all time? I was legit at the edge of my seat the entire time
        I cant think of anything better. The stakes, prize pool, drama, the level of technical play, etc etc.
            Agreed
            While some may say Zain wasn't playing his best, and that's probably true, but everyone's gangsta until Loser's Mango is in your face.

This set brought me back to how Mango would play M2K, who equally seemed downright unstoppable in this matchup. And Mango's aggression sometimes made Jason look like he was falling apart.
            It's probably not the highest level grand finals I've ever seen in terms of play but it was still insanely cracked.  But in terms of the overall storyline and just how the sets played out.. Insane.  Complete insanity.  Nothing matches.  You love to see mango pull this out.
                Nothing offline has ever compared to this set before, because mang0 and Zain have pushed Melee to a higher level during the online era than anyone had ever been before.

The best Marth performance in a grand finals ever was probably just SCL 2 week 4 GF set 2.

But these two players simply weren't this cracked before the online era, making this, despite the flubs from the nerves from the ENORMOUS stakes, easily the highest level grand finals played in person.
                    Zain made so many flubs. It was extremely hype and mango was on fire. Zains punish game was insane but to say nothing compares in terms of level of play just isn't right imo

I'm happy mango won, but zain choked from pressure in both sets.
                        Lack of tech flubs =/= higher level melee. If you or I played Zain and made zero tech flubs against his spaghetti marth from grands we would still certainly get 3-4 stocked. If a player from early 2020 time travelled to summit 11 they would probably lose to both mango and zain despite the apparently sloppy gameplay. They are so good now after a year and a half of grinding like they never have before that even their sloppy B game is higher level than the A game of pre-pandemic pros, in my opinion
                            Very well said
                which set would you say had a higher level of play?
                I personally think the 'level of play', especially from Zain, was higher at the SCL 2 Mang0/Zain grand finals. But I think Mang0 probably did play the best he ever was last night
            I will say that having no crowd loses points in my book. Not getting to see a bunch of people in the background pop off on each stock and at the end of the game takes that little bit away
            plus being the first LAN tourny in over a year with real crowd
            Mang0 v Armad at Royal Flush GF was sick. Also theres a wizzy/zain set where the last stocks are absolutely nuts
                That wizzy/zain set is a clusterfuck tho, theyre both basically at maximum spaghetti. I think Toph even said "That was the best bad melee Ive ever seen" in the commentary lol
                    When i read "sudden death" as a medical side-effect, i always think of wizzy just collapsing in his chair at the end of that set. Was actually pretty scary to watch
        The greatest melee set of all time, so far. There’s so much more melee to be played
            Good point.

But rememeber, this is the first IRL major after a year of lockdown, that kind of pent up hype will likely not happen again in our lifetime.
            lfg
        Yes. The answer is yes.
    Can we also shoutout the commentary? I feel like the sheer intensity that was heard through them and the crowd made the set at least 5 times better to watch
        Stressed out Scar is just the best
        Toph saying that this was the sickest grand finals hes ever seen really drove it home for me
            Dude, toph is such a huge meleehead, him saying that reaaaaallllly means something
                I'm hard pressed to think of someone more qualified to make that statement.  He's commentated the sickest top 8s of all time. Him and scar are pretty much the custodians of melee in my mind.
                I've been watching competitive Melee since 2013. This is the best Loser's Bracket run I've ever seen, and the best Grand Finals set I've ever seen. The only thing that could've made it better is a huge crowd, but this was amazing.
                    Same and I 100% agree. Never seen a fox move like mang0 last night and probably never will again. Makes me wonder if I even play the same game
        I watched with no sound and that was still one of the most insane sets I’ve ever seen
            You should go back and rewatch.
                Definitely will
        Yes, except scar got too hyped up and kept legit screaming lmao.
            Yo if you werent also screaming or at least felt like screaming, idk what to say man
                I know I was! But he wasn’t like screaming commentary he was shrieking while toph and Oscar were trying to build the moment! Haha
    [deleted]
        100% recency bias lollll

Melee has had so many amazing moments this doesn't really come close.
            You guys high on pcp or something lmao
                Nah, just seen a lot of amazing melee moments.

It's just recency bias and the fact there's been no big tournaments for a while.

I think Armadas mediation into 4 stock was different

Or Chudats crazy time at the top again

Or melee donating loads of money to be at Evo

Or just the fact melee has been around for so fucking long.
                    Those are all incredible feats from this amazing game (Chudat had wobbling so maybe that should have an asterisk haha) but I have zero doubt that this Melee moment will stand the test of time.  Kinda reminded me of Armada vs Mang0 GF at Royal Flush
    For me this is close 2nd to Mang0s Big House 9 losers run and that's only cause I was in the crowd and a Falco main LOL
Props to zain for going in for the hug right away. This has got to be the best gf of all time. The biggest pot, the highest level of play, the greatest comeback. 2 fucking fd games as a spacie against zain. Jesus
    That's a fat L to take. I love Zain and I have no doubt he's going to bounce back hungrier than ever but rest assured those two sets are going to haunt him for a bit. Good shit on mang0. That was his tournament to win.
        He tweeted out this was by far his hardest loss to take. He hasn't lost to a fox on fd in like legitimate years. This is as if a falcon beat mang0 in GF. It's just unheard of and after seeing that mang0 was going to have to do two fd games against zain with fox, i actually lost complete faith in his fox. I was literally pleading please just go fucking falco man. Turns out, this is why mang0 is a god and why i go 2-2 max at tournies lmao
            Hard to feel tooooo bad for zain though.  Compare it to mang0 who has been both literally considered the goat to completely washed, relegated to streamer, a drunk, etc etc.  I have a feeling he's going to just lab the fuck out of fox match-up and we'll be back to seeing second place finishes for a while.  I'm pretty convinced mang will stay fox for the foreseeable future against Zain though and that it's way closer to even than his Falco.  Especially on FD.
                I don't even understand how you begin to lab out those matches. Mang0 did so many unorthodox options, it really just felt like he was reading every single move zain made.
                    For the most part it's probably going to be coming up with general game plans to slow down mang0 and he's probably gonna grind punish super hard to the point that if he grabs mang0 he either takes the stock or gets him off stage for an edge guard (which he will also lab for sure lol)
Mango joins Armada, Hbox, Axe, M2K, and Zain as a Summit champion. Also recipient of the biggest prizepool in Melee (and Smash) history.
Hbox ties with Zain as the highest placing from a vote-in with 3rd.

melee is dope
    also we have 4 gods with Summit wins now
        Plus PP potentially on the Horizon. Summit could become a symbol of the gods and their pet mouse.
            PP is not winning a summit
                I'll be laughing at this comment in 2027
                I will never count that man out again. Hiatus and came in with a different main. PP is unreal.
                    bro its been 6 years



:(
                I don't see it happening anytime soon. But he's also the only person to take a hiatus and then win a super major as his first tournament back. But this has been a MUCH longer hiatus
    The best thing about that list is still that Axe is on it.
        Still wishing it had been Wizzy instead 😭😭😭
            Who the fuck is downvoting this, what's wrong with being a wizzyfan109!?
            I'm so happy wizzy had just won SnS right before that summit, otherwise it would've been heartbreaking for either of them to lose
    feels weird to even count hbox as a vote-in getting 3rd lol
    Oh shit, I'd been saying during grands that both players have never won a Summit, but I forgot Zain won Summit 10 online.
The mango win takes most of the attention understandably but I think this was great tournamwnt for HBox. I think with this he proved he is still a top 5 caliber player offline, he just has to practice more.
    Not bad for a washed Ultimate streamer
How do I sleep now rofl
    same, i shoulda been in bed like 1.5 hours ago lol
Jesus that was some good ass melee. Mango fox looking like Genesis 2 form modernized.

There really is so much more Melee to be played.
Melee has been out for almost 20 years and the game only gets better
A whole docuseries could be written about Melee since the pandemic started with the climax being Smash Summit 11
    That's actually a really good idea. So many things made this happen; rollback unlocking suitable environments for competition given the situation, how some grinded and others fell off (i.e. Hbox, but damn did he prove a lot this tournament), new stars, new tournament format with SCS, I could go on... I want to personally thank everyone, both players and people behind the scenes, that have made this work out the way it did.
    Trust TDFW for that
    Thatd be really dope to watch, Ive been paying almost no attention to melee during the pandemic because of no locals draining the motivation to play out of me and like, let's be real, melee twitter is fucking nasty. 
Id love a vid to catch me up for what I've missed
Hoped with all my heart from the beginning that it'd be a ten game set. Mang0's reverse 3-0, twice on FD with Fox, was ridiculous. I was really hoping Zain would clutch it, and it hurt to see him relive Big House in real time, but god, is that one for the books. It's good to have irl Melee back.
    The community needed mang0 to win this tbh.  Zain is on any given Tuesday the better melee player but the melee community needed mang0 to take this one home.
[deleted]
    You say moky did but look at amsa bracket. He had to play zain mango and hbox only to have to play axe AGAIN I swear every tourney amsa goes to he has to play axe eventually
They can’t kill melee
I still can't believe he took two sets back to back off of Zain (while down 0-2 in the first set and winning 2 straight games on FD no less) with Fox. How the hell does this man do it.
    Because he's the goddamn GOAT
It’s was almost like it was scripted it was so good.
    and the fact that it was the first one after the pandemic, makes it feel like a goddamn fanfic LMAO
        and the largest prize pool in Smash Bros. history
Feel for zain, it has to be reallllly tough to lose that way after the exact same thing happening at Big House. Also has to feel bad for Leffen catching a massive stray lol. But that was one of the greatest sets of all time, if not for the gameplay, for the context of Mang getting his first Summit win at the return to LAN.
    I think leffen catching a stray bullet is almost a compliment to leffen. Like mang0 cares so much about proving leffen wrong that it was literally the first thing mang0 said after winning a game 10 $50,000 Grands
        Haha take a look at Leff’s Twitter and you can see he definitely does not agree lol. I do feel for him. Not only can he not attend, his spot as worlds best fox is taken from him without a chance to defend it. That hurts
            Well I did say “almost” a compliment lol. But yeah I’m feeling so sad for leffen and Zain right now. Fortunately the mang0 happiness is outweighing it slightly
                Yeah same. At least zain walks away with a fat stack of cash. Poor leff missed the whole thing didn’t get the massive money they all made in top 8, and the fact that they had a basketball tournament on top? That’s rough man lmao.
            To be fair, Leffen stopped trying to defend it. He gave up on Fox vs Zain and switched to Sheik. Even if Leffen was here, he would never have done what Mango just did because he'd be playing Sheik against Zain instead.
                Honestly it’s hard to say what would have happened in the past year and a half. Leff has been completely out of the game.  Maybe he makes some of these same advances in the matchup if he has the chance, if anyone besides mango is capable it’s Leffen
                    I mean Leffen made it clear that he was giving up on the matchup because he thought the matchup was too hard, it was unrelated to him being out of the game. He is convinced Marth dominates Fox so he dropped the matchup, which is why he would never have been able to accomplish what Mango did.

Mango proved hes the best fox regardless of whether or not Leffen is here, since Leffen himself is the one who built up this impossible challenge of beating Zain with Fox. Mango did it in his first try lmao
                        I’m not disagreeing with that you’re probably right, just saying that the same time that Mango has been working on it, leff hasn’t even really been able to play with anyone decent besides Pipsqueak and a handful of others while the NA guys get to grind 24/7 with top pros. Not saying Leffen would have done this or not done that, just that he hasn’t had the opportunity to try during this online era
            He will get his shot bit ridiculous to moan and take Mangos win away.
                He’s not taking Mang0’s win away, he’s lamenting that his visa issue has no end in sight and there’s no telling how long it’ll be before he gets to be involved again. That really sucks, if not for the pride factor, for the financial factor that he probably would have walked away from this tournament with 8k+
                    Yeah, fair enough. Plus mango goaded that sort of reply from him anyway lol
                        Yeah he definitely was antagonizing Leffen but they’ve been doing the podcast long enough and known each other long enough that I’m sure neither of them take it particularly personally
    I think adding to it even more is him pushing against the scene’s most dominant narrative of matchup discussion for months and then proving it in the most spectacular way in his first go at it. 

Undisputed GOAT player. Maybe GOAT grands as well.
        I know everyone’s high off the mango win (me too) but saying undisputed is definitely not correct… Armada DEFINITELY has an argument
            I think armadas claim slips with every mango major. Mango won his first national in 2008 at pound 3 and his most recent major 1 day ago in 2021. Armada was beyond dominant but the longevity of mango is surpassing that dominant stretch quickly.
            Armada may be the BOAT, but Mango is the GOAT.
            The GOAT wouldn't quit. The GOAT lives and breathes melee.
            Mang0 is the main character of Melee.
    Pretty sure leffen was talking shit on his fox on Twitter.

https://twitter.com/TSM_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461?s=20
        Not very recently. I’m also pretty sure it’s all about Leffen complaining about fox zain relentlessly and then having argued about it on mango and the 6-4 for a longggg time
            it was very recent. 

https://twitter.com/TSM\_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461
                Dude it's just banter mang0 says the same shit on stream all the time it's not that deep
                    I didn't say it was deep but clearly Mang0 was offended.
                Oh that was a direct reply lol they’re just shit talking each other cuz they’re friends that’s not like flaming him lol. That type of thing is just mang being mang. He definitely said that about Leffen afterwards because he beat Zain on fd with fox twice, while Leffen has been complaining it’s unwinnable since sding his last two stocks on dreamland vs zain at summit 9
                [deleted]
                    It's not deleted, the person just did a bad job of linking

https://twitter.com/TSM_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461
    What happen with Leffen?
        After winning, the first thing mango said was “this one is for the (folks? Foxes? Not sure lol don’t remember.) the second thing Mango said was “Leffen can suck my fat fucking cock”
marth fox grand finals just hits different
 > "shoulda given my spot to yinglings cousin"

 -

> wins the tournament
I thought it was one of the best sets ive ever seen at the start of game 10. Then game 10 happened and confirmed it. Loved what Scar said, that was a battle of wills. Gutted for Zain, but someone had to lose. Love this game
Hard to imagine a better storyline for the return of LAN Melee. Hbox proving that he's not washed and can still compete for winning Majors. Plup showing off his crazy Shiek skill and that he can fight the top Foxes that plagued him in the past. Zain showing remarkable consistency and his skill at so many matchups.

And Mango going on the run of his life and giving us maybe the best game 10 grand finals set of all time, beating the unbeatable Zain with Fox. It was amazing to watch live. I really hope Leffen can make it to the next Summit.
I feel like this tournament highlighted the differences between the new age players and the old guard.

When the pressure was strongest, the old guard had the  experience and mental fortitude to pull through. Hbox got whooped by IBDW through the whole slippi era, but when the chips were down and the money was on the line Hbox came through.

During Mango/Zain GF the pressure became palpable and it was clear that the gravity of the moment was crushing Zain, those flubs aren't happening on Rollback

10+ years of experience at the highest level showed  up in moments like this
[deleted]
    I think he's one of the few people on the planet (plup... anyone else?) Who can dual main. We saw he still likes falco for falcon and fox. I see no reason he can't play his mu's like this
        That’s why he’s got them tatted on him. The bird and the Fox are just natural to him at this point
            I was suuuuper impressed with his ability to switch today. In the past he's struggled switching mid tourny but he looked clean on both.  Looking forward to more in the future.
        M2k CAN, but it was unnecessary. His Marth was better than all his other charsacters
            True. I didn't count pp and m2k as they're not active but both are capable and have been successful dual (in m2k's case like tri/quad) main
            Sheik was just a way to save energy in pools tbh
                Yeah, I thought M2K said at one point (maybe after his summit win) that he only plays Marth when he feels like he's playing great because it's such a hard character to play. So basically we all have this perception that M2K's marth is godly, and it is, but we also only see it when he knows it will be godly.
        it's kinda funny, this long saga as a falco main just to go back to essentially what he was doing back in 2016-17 lol
            I do think that Mango solo maining falco forced him to refine his defensive game a massive amount though. It almost goes without saying but  it feels like he's playing so much smarter and analytically than he did back then, and I think focusing on falco is a big part of why.
                I was thinking this so much. I'm a huge Mango Falco fan and it has been so amazing seeing him make his Falco work in the current meta. I didn't expect it to also improve his fox.
        PP was Marth/Falco, Armada was Fox/Peach, M2K was Sheik/Marth/Fox. There were a lot of dual mains, Mango just remains one of the last.
        Armada, M2K, and PP were able to maintain multiple characters too
            Yes. You're not the first to mention them. They were all absolutely insane with multiple with numerous characters. I guess I kinda meant active players. (I also think it's harder to have 2 characters at a level where they are viable at highest level in 2021 vs 2018 but that's an opinion rather than the fact about the lack of dual mains so I won't really get into that)
                I’m inclined to agree. The defensive meta has been pushed so far in the last few years that it seems harder and harder to maintain multiple characters at the top level
        Armada peach/fox I think is a true dual main
    mang0 nation. Fox McCloud

Reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-OQ6SO6hYkc
        [deleted]
It's just so hard to imagine a better tournament comeback.

Hungrybox proving he isn't washed, but still giving credit to those who grinded online and showing that the practice does indeed matter.

Mango with literally the craziest losers run of all time tearing through everyone just for the most insane grand finals sets of all time.

It just feels like everyone got something out of this tournament and nobody was really fucked over which just feels so satisfying to me - except moky and leffen and pip :(
    How does it give credit though? Hbox was one missed rest away from beating Zain and Mango, players he would struggle with before covid as well. To me this proves that netplay doesn't matter as much as IRL
        What the hell do you mean? He lost 3-1 to both of them.

How is that "one rest away"?
            It could've gone either way
                Mango dismantled hbox imo
                    Last game was like 1 hit and then its 2-2, thats a close set anyway you see it
I'm so happy I stayed up and watched the rest of top 8. I was sleeping on the Kid, not gonna lie. I haven't popped off this hard watching a Melee tournament live since M2K won Summit.
    Nice!
Mang0 is the goat. Never count out the goddamn Kid.
    Armada better come back to defend his claim because it may be slipping away.
        
Can't take away Armada's dominance, but in terms of total melee played and the quality of it, This loser's run + Mango's longevity tipped the scales for me.
            Hbox said so too
                Bro even Hbox is a Mango fan nowadays, and I am living for it
                    We all are just Melee fans doesn't matter what characters we play

Just GGs nd keep the salt at 🏡
            Yeah, there will probably never be someone who dominates an era as much as Armada did, but we have to be able to reevaluate who the GOAT is. Armada doesn't just get to keep it forever because he says so. Especially if Mang0 keeps winning massive tournaments long after Adam's retirement.
                Yeah it's slipping away, 100%
            yeah

mango 2007 (pound3) - mango 2021 (ss11)

armada 2011 (g2) - armada 2018 (ssc2018)

that's 14 years of top level play vs 7 years; in terms of raw career value i'm easily picking mango over armada

i honestly think hbox at some point has surpassed armada also
                Really not gonna count Genesis 1 for armada where he beat everyone including Mango before losing in grands as top level play? Or Apex, etc? Pretty sure he was undeniably top level at that point.
                    sure i guess you could count genesis 1 for armada but then you could go even further back for mango since i'm just counting the period of time in between major championship titles
                        Mango would go back one more year I guess.  But Armada crushed a bracket that was literally stacked against him at Genesis 1.  It was definitely top-level play at the time.
                            yeah i guess you're right

so then you'd add two more years on for armada to make it nine years, and compare that to mango's fifteen years
                Armada never losing to a non God except for like one exception or something is a nigh untouchable record of dominance. Also people may think this is controversial but when Armada was playing 4-5 gods were playing + Leffen.
                    armada's argument for GOAT hinges on dominance, but as the years go by and the relative level of play increases, his argument will get progressively weaker

like i said before, at some point it'll be 2027 and people will be talking about armada's reign like he was bill russell winning his 11 rings against milkmen and accountants
                        I don't really like this because it ignores that other gods would get upset by those "milkmen and accountants" while armada wouldn't. In the 2010s armada lost to 9 unique players, and 3 of those only once, never placing outside of top 6 a single time. That is an unreal level of consistency that no one will ever be able to touch, even if mango's legacy does surpass his due to more time spent in the game.
                            Agreed. I can say that the title of GOAT can mean what people want it to mean (longevity, whatever) but unless Mango can do something similar I think that he will always have a cup he can’t drink from that only Armada can.
                                I mean yes but it goes both ways. I think mango envies armadas past, but armada envies mangos present.
At the end of the day I think we all kinda forgot about ken, will do about armada, and eventually will forget mango when he quits. It's just how it goes
                            Not saying people haven't/don't argue against what you are saying but that isn't really what is going on. Everyone (in this chain) is agreeing that Armada was the greatest of the 2010's but as time goes on his argument for the "of all time" aspect gets weaker and weaker. Just like how people now argue Lebron James, Seth Curry, or Kobe Bryant for GOAT of basketball over MJ now.
                    The obvious counterargument to this line of thinking is that it doesn't matter how many gods were competing at that time when several non-gods today are obviously playing at a level of quality beyond what the gods were doing back then
                        I guess that’s the only point I would debate. The level of play argument works if you don’t consider that had none of the Gods quit they would also reach said level of play (we have two great examples in this tournament) which means that lower players would be knocked out earlier. Not to mention that in the God to God matchups, Armada does extremely well.

But it’s all speculation and it’s mostly for fun. Truth of the matter is if Armada never quit and Leffen was able to attend everything I speculate that they probably would knock out players like iBDW and Amsa and moky and SFAT, resulting in a more god-saturated top 8. Exceptions obviously can occur. But how tournaments are seeded obviously makes a difference to the outcomes because you may be a player like iBDW who can beat hbox but IMO Armada eats play styles like his alive. Though again, speculation, and not even saying he wouldn’t be able to overcome it. Not to mention that having more character diversity (when the 5 gods were playing, everyone had to know the Peach and Falco matchup)
                Lmao longevity doesn't make someone better than someone else. LeBron isn't better than MJ because he had a longer career. Hbox is not past armada either what the
                Pound 3 was in 2008, not 2007. 13 years of being at the top of competition is an astounding accomplishment however.
        It does suck that armada quit when he did and covid just killing thing. Imagine armada Mang0 hbox Leffen and Zain all duking it out for number one the last two years
        Armada’s claim is gone. Mango’s longevity is too much.
            ? It’s been like 3 years lol
                Genesis which marks the start of Armada at the global level was mid 2009 and Armada retired in 2018. 3 years is 30% of his time at the global level. 

That’s a shit ton of extra time.
                    Less than a third of his prime…? lmao
        As a diehard armada fan, it's definitely slipping away. I think people are jumping the gun saying that mang0 is now the definite goat, but he now has a much, much better argument than he's ever had. If he continues at this level, he will be the greatest player of all time.
            Imo it depends on how you want to count online. If you give any weight to it, any at all, then I think it tips in Mang0's favor. If you don't, then it's still in the 'slipping away' point.
                Tbh I think the difference between online and LAN is smaller than the difference between pre ucf and post ucf melee. And much smaller than Rainbow Cruise legal melee. So if we give asterisks for online, we should give asterisks for every era before 2017.
            Yeah recency bias is definitely favoring mango right now in terms of this discussion. Looking back at it, Armada's dominance was insane. However unlike traditional sports, where top player's GOAT status is normally contextualized in their specific era. Due to aging and the longevity of the sport. Melee is getting to a point where a younger generation of players are entering the game, it'll be interesting to watch if Mango can still remain a top 3 player for the forseeable future. As the level of which melee is played at continues to rise aswell.
        Yeah, if it’s not too late it’s too late soon.
I have faith in Zain to overcome this immediately.  Last time mango broke his heart at big house 9, he went on to win genesis (game 5 against mango and hbox), and became the best player of the 1.5 years of quarantine.  I wouldn't be surprised if he goes on a run of winning every tournament.
    Yeah, for real. Zain will be back and with even greater punishes. Mango was playing out of his mind and Zain was playing solid, but maybe not quite as hot. And it was still last stock game 10.
Fuckin two fd's back to back
What a legendary loser's run
As happy as I am for Mango, I feel so awful for Zain rn. I think people often conflate any time you lose a lead with being a choke but that was an absolute throw by him. The 2 SDs on FD, the misinputs, etc. He’s a champion so he’ll rebound, but goddang
    he definitely did not handle the pressure, handling pressure was his last big breakthrough before becoming a tippy top player but we saw that again today for the first time since he became top 3
        I agree, but even though Mango won, the both sets felt like an upward battle to counter, anything Zain did. If he touched fox it felt like it hurt 3x more than anything Mango did. Even in the end it went down to the last fucking stock, Zain certainly didn't choke in my opinion,  he lost because Mango has GRINDED the Marth match-up with his fox. The two have gone back and forth since the pandemic.
            Mango balled out hard but Zain def choked and you've got some kind of blinders on if you can't see it lol, Zain missed stuff that is typically automatic and largely independent of what the opponent is doing.  He dropped more chaingrabs in this set than he does in some tournaments for example lol that's not just Mango doing some kind of magic special superhuman DI.
                still I think Mang0 deserves credit for having the composure to capitalize off Zain's mistakes. Insane to play that well staring down the barrel of back to back FDs. So many players would just mentally crumble in that situation (including mang0 at times in the past lol)
                That's a scrub take. Top players regularly talk about how when the other player is playing really hot then a lot of the "automatic" things that you get openings on become easier to drop because the flow of the game itself has gotten so much faster, it can be hard to mentally slow down and focus on your guaranteed punish. Mango was playing faster than any fox Zain has ever played, so yea theres going to be some mental effect on Zain that comes with that. 

Zain still had plenty of insane edgeguards and crazy conversions, just because you can point to him dropping a few follow ups that should be easy doesnt change the fact that overall he was playing at his usual level.
    I'd be flubbing too if the person who was in the documentary that inspired me to start playing were coming at me at ~600-700 IPM with perfect Game Understanding like some sort of ascended godhand creature
        very accurate
        Zain is not a doc kid, he was not inspired to start playing by the documentary
    Thats exactly what happened on tbh9, Zain said he just didnt have the same stamina/experience of dealing with such big pressure, and it showed again, I felt Zain when i saw how quickly he hugged mango and left bc probably felt like crying, so sad :(
        Competing is so hard, I couldn't do it. When they showed everyone in the last mintage I was like... Fuck, all these guys want to win so bad, and they can't. Was kinda melancholy
            Dude, even when I'm playing with my friends, sometimes we just mess around and do a super small 8-10 people tournament, and I get nervous as fuck, even when playing against people I use to beat, tournament pressure is fucking real
                I absolutely feel that. Even small tournaments like you said. I once entered a super small like 16 entrant tournament. I made it to winners side of grands. I won in winners finals 3-1. Played the same person in grands, went up 2-0, and then I got reverse 6-0d. The pressure of being in grands is so weird. Even in tiny tournaments.

Also making it to grands, only to take second feels ***SO*** much worse than getting any other placement. At least for me. Like, you were so close to winning it all. But you let it slip away. It's hard to not beat yourself up over that.
                    I once missed a perfect bowling game by 2 pins. Still stings to this day.
    they were both flubbing like crazy though
        It was a weird Sinusoidal graph of fluctuation between super flubby melee and absolute godlike play the likes of which has never been seen before. Exemplified what melee is all about to a tee. Best melee set ive ever watched, and ive been watching since like 2014
    Spacies always flub.
    I think it's a mistake to construct too much of a narrative about this.

Very easily, Zain could have won the first set, because there were moments where that seemed more likely than not, and we'd be talking about how dominant his run was beating all-comers, including Plup, Hungrybox, and closing out Mang0.

Mang0 SD'd in his second to last stock on set 2, game 4, and it didn't end up mattering, but imagine the narrative if a couple of moves go differently and Zain wins then. Mang0 would be the one being called a choker who got too nervous, or whatever.

I'm OK with narratives that help make the game more fun, but as someone who clearly doesn't understand the game at the level of people like PPMD, LSD, or Hbox when I heard them talking about it, stuff like "he choked" feels like SKip Bayless-level analysis.
    Mango was all over him. He fucked up because he was under insane pressure, it’s not really a throw.
    Just like bh9, too much pressure. 40,000 units of pressure. Just didn’t have it this time
Fantastic event overall. Production and commentary were consistently good (LSD and The Cheat were especially memorable), lots of great sets, and even the 3v3 basketball had a kind of grotesque elegance. 

The main highlight was definitely the unreal losers' run from Mango, ending in one of the best grand finals ever (although, Royal Flush, TBH 9, and SSC 2018 are also strong contenders). Rough loss for Zain, but I feel like this rivalry is the centerpiece of modern Melee, so I hope he bounces back even stronger.
This was the most I’ve ever enjoyed watching a melee set hands down
Amsa with the most amazing 9th at summit of all time
This was the greatest Grand Finals in forever. 

Mango played the player more than the character, and he played him unbelievably. He is the true goat
I almost counted Mango out. On the first FD game I thought at least if he wins this one he can make a statement. 

After seeing Zain mess a few things up and drop some combos he depends on, I knew the environment was right for a Mango win.  

Everything was so nice in the grand finals set. Mango comes back from being down 2-0 in the first set. Has to win two games on FD.

It comes down to the final game. Final game comes down to the last stock 0% to 0%. 

The whole weekend helped showcase so much skill and talent from our players. Think of how much the game has changed since the last in person summit?? 

What a great time to be a melee fan.
Everyone in all of summit lost at least 2 sets. Despite winning, mang0 showed he was fallible multiple times over the weekend.

Everyone in all of summit except yingling won at least 1 set. Further, everyone won at least 1 set that wasn't just against yingling himself.

I'd say these two stats together make this the most competitive Summit event of all time.

Edit: I looked at the matchup data for this summit and made a post about it. This was even more competitive than I realized. https://old.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/onfpw6/this_must_have_been_the_most_competitive_summit/
What the fuck
Oh my god, that was some of the best Melee I've ever seen in my life. The tension was through the roof. Zain beaten twice on FD by Fox. Legendary sets. So glad I stayed up so late. Don't know how I'm gonna sleep after that. Holy fuck.
mang0 is a god damn american hero

Crazy run from him aside, really happy about the vote ins at this tournament. Kodorin and LSD look like future greats who have a lot of passion for the game and the community, and I think we're in great hands. 

I cannot think of a better way to kick off the upcoming return to LAN.
    Kodorin is gonna become a god I feel it.
were you guys seeing his powershields?
I have been jumping around my living room lol. Seeing mang0 play this way man a thing of beauty
actually the best grands ive ever seen man i almost got emotional for mang
I watched tbh9 live AND in person, was in the crowd in the front volunteer seats lifting a chair in the vods...
But this, 


was Extra special maybe. Holy shit this was amazing. So was that but wow.
Yo who ever the fuck said that set in Florida was the best match ever, you were sadly mistaken
    Don't be sad. Here's a [hug!](https://media.giphy.com/media/3M4NpbLCTxBqU/giphy.gif)
What were the vegas odds of mango winning after [this tweet](https://mobile.twitter.com/C9Mang0/status/1416889573234274305) ?  This feels like the greatest sporting event I have ever seen.
This was the best way it ever could have gone tbh.

Did Hbox hilariously underperform, confirming that his online johns weren't true and he really did lose to harry poggers? No. But did he dominate the competition, proving that the netplay era was meaningless? Also no. He came back, shook off some rust, and performed decently, showing he's still a strong competitor.

The Netplay Kids are here to stay. Some of the strongest players fell behind, due to the wealth of knowledge gifted to the next generation's tireless sigma grindset. But some of those older players still kept up by using those same tools. Relatively fresh faces like Aklo and LSD are here to stay thanks to the ability for them to seek out high level practice from the comfort of their own homes. Amsa managed to keep up, nay, improve past the competition with hardly any high level practice.

Mango and Zain are truly the best. Though Zain feel like he has an iron grasp on the number one spot, Mango shines through at the most important moments to snatch a tournament away from Zain in the most flashy way possible. The line has now been drawn at the number 2 spot. No more talk of the 5 Gods, or Top 6. There are only 2 Titans, a binary star system, forever on a collision course with each other but never quite overtaking the other.

As Hbox said, "it was meant to be this way". Melee is back. This felt like a reset, a new chapter. The page turned, pandemic is almost over, LAN events are back. All the matter in the Melee universe bottled up into a singularity over the course of quarantine, finally combusting into a big bang that creates a new Melee universe. 

We did it. we got all the dragon balls and resurrected Krillin's dumbass again. But perhaps there is a high mach, dark tetrad shaped shadow looming over the horizon. WHAT WILL HAPPEN WHEN EUROPE IS FINALLY UNLEASHED UPON NORTH AMERICA? Mango and Zain's epic rivalry might have to be put on hold to stop Leffen from consuming all in his path. TUNE IN NEXT TIME, 

MELEE IS SICK
    Best case scenario, Leffen comes back to the scene on a revenge tour, slays the Titans, and we start calling him Kratos.
    performing decently is getting 3rd
Im gonna buy some mangos tomorrow to celebrate.

Summit really is the single best tournament series of all time.
Losers mang0 plot armor is back in full force and I love to see it.
"Melee" is Top 10 trending in the US on Twitter now
Best smash tournament of all time. Holy fuck
“Leffen can suck my fat cock” and “I’m getting so black out drunk tonight.” - Words of wisdom from the GOAT
Literally every stock I said it’s over mang0 is our and he kept denying my expectations. He’s just manufactured differently. He is an anomaly
My favorite feeling as a spectator was, despite being a 100% diehard Mang0 fan since 2012 at least, I never ONCE even thought he had a chance. I started by wishing he would go Falco, I was impressed by FD win #1 but never believed he could pull off #2. He never had the lead in set 2 and was down 4 stocks to 2 in game 10. Just unbelievable pressure followed by unbelievable execution the whole way through.

Since Mang0 could beat Armada and Hbox at peak, and traded with Zain in the online era, this was basically the only situation he could manuever himself into that truly felt hopeless (down 0-2 in set 1 vs Zain). And feeling that hopelessness and watching him win the entire top 8 from losers, well, that's the reason I became a Mang0 fan to begin with over 10 years ago :).

\-Incredible losers run

\-\*currently\* highest level players to ever touch a controller in grands

\-first LAN supermajor

GOAT grand finals <3
Been thinkin' about this set and the whole "Zain was flubbing" thing - so sit down for some mental gymnastics, or as we call it: analysis.

I don't think it's worthwhile to put too much weight into the argument that Zain flubbed an uncharacteristic amount of times. I do not contend that he didn't flub, per se, but that - like some have argued in form of "pressure" - Mang0 made Zain play a numbers game, and maximized on the opportunities this presented him. This, alone, contends the idea of an "uncharacteristic" amount of flubs.

Let me explain: It seemed to me that Mang0's choice of Fox afforded him a game plan that let him exhaust Zain and monumentally more difficult for Zain to get into the zone. He also minimized the effect of Zain periodically going on a roll by living much longer.

Mang0 said it himself; he could live so much longer than Falco as Fox. Mang0 utilized Fox's recovery many times to constantly test and wear out Zain. It seemed to me that Mang0 was taking every single opportunity he could to firefox back the stage, even if it was an easy ledge guard for Zain. This brings us back to the #'s game: the more opportunity Mang0 gives to Zain to fuck something up, the higher the chances Zain drops something. This is particularly economic gameplanning on an all-but-lost-cause recovery scenario for Mang0 - he's figuratively betting on house money, as he probably won't survive anyway, changing the interaction to "Now it's Zains kill to lose". Game 3 of set 1 highlights this interaction on his first stock, where Mang0 gets up to 130%, knocked off stage, and just keeps making Zain execute clean edge guards, regardless of his probability of making it back. Sooner or later - not on this exchange, but later edge guards - he's going to drop something.

Contrast this with a Falco set - the base probability of recovery is lower, and his overall survivability is lower. Mang0, statistically, has less opportunities to test Zain, thereby lowering his chances of causing a flub. 

Back to the "on a roll" point: Zain could stretch a roll from 1 kill on Fox to 2 or sometimes even 3 kills on Falco. It's not that Zain didn't go on a tear ever, it's that matches went on longer and minimized their impact by containing their damage. 

What Fox also afforded Mang0 was a quick kill in form of the shine. Again, Zain didn't always get killed by shine or gimps, but the sheer fact that games stretched on as long as they did, increased the likelihood of that unfavorable secnario that takes simple slow or missed input and turns it into an early kill.

Mang0 made the most out of this gameplay, just as _any_ great veteran has done in their respective sport. How do you beat a boxer who's younger, faster, and stronger? Stretch the match out. How do you defend an superior passing offense? You bend-but-don't-break, forcing as many plays as possible, which thereby increases the chances of a fumble, a bad pass, or a 4th down punt. You force your opponent to not just play flawlessly, but for as long as they can while giving them as many opportunities to drop it.

Intersect this with Mang0's brilliant display of play, an all out clinic of Fox potential, and you have a game winning plan. It's up to Mang0 to use these tools. But this is a case where he did, and with a masterful touch at that.

If you read this, sorry. I just like gameplan stuff. I'm also prolly wrong. But not only was this an amazing set from both players, it's an amazing chance to breakdown the game from so many angles, which is fun as well :)
Grand Finals is a contender for the greatest set of all time. That fox play by Mang0 is the reason why he is considered the best character. I'm so happy for Mang0. He could have been a buster but he chose to be the best.
This is the best set i have ever watched.
Finally Mang0 won a Summit!!
How many 10 game grand finals sets has zain lost now? Poor dude.
Mango is the greatest player to ever touch the sticks. it's not even close
Mango is the GOAT.  Melee is reaching Ultra Instinct levels.  I can’t wait to see what’s next.
So glad I got to watch such amazing melee live
LOSERS! BRACKET! MANGO! THOOOOOOOOOOUGH!
Mango the fucking GOAT
Is Mang0 taking 2 games back-to-back off Zain on FD with Fox to reverse 3-0 and reset the bracket the greatest melee achievement in modern history?? bc thats fucking INSANE shit
I think zain is the best melee player rn and so far but Mang0 is insanely hot, clutch and punishing. Insane run. Def among greatest series of all time
Ok, so:

- Maybe Fox is just the best character after all.

- I was so worried when Mango picked Yoshi’s for game 4 against Hbox. “Why not just play the matchup right? Go to FD! Go to Stadium!” But then Mango just won anyway.

- Someone hand Leffen a pair of sneakers so he can walk back some statements. Mango really just made every other Fox look silly.

- moky, n0ne, IBDW, Plup, Hbox, and Zain twice. Incredible losers run.

- https://youtu.be/BL8Oe9oh7mY
People talking about the unmatched level of play in these grands are missing the mark. Zain played god fucking awful lmao (for his standards) especially on those fd games.

Not saying that mango only won because Zain threw so many games. This is a recurring theme where mango has a mysterious ability to summon forth bad melee from a Zain who had otherwise looked like the terminator for the whole day. Even at the last SCL where Zain gave mango the dick after the bracket reset, in that first set of gfs Zain was clearly playing shaky.

I think this is why I love this rivalry so much. Zain really has filled the hole that armada left in terms of being the "best" player in the room that seems to have solved the game. The perfect melee being. Then mango makes it to grands and whisks them away into the realm of wack melee where these guys just start missing things they never would. I think it's sets where ridiculously good players both teeter on the edge of falling apart on stage where melee approaches the divine.
    I definitely think Mango made Zain play worse, if that makes sense.
    Playing under pressure in high stakes matches is, itself, a skill.  There isn't anyone in the game that doesn't feel the pressure, that pressure forces mistakes.  Both guys were flubbing.  We've seen every single "God" of the game get frustrated and play like shit under pressure way worse than Zain's play last night.
    Yeah Zain was feeling the pressure and flubbed. Part of that was Mango's pressure, so credit to him for that. But I've seen a lot of sets between the two where Zain handled that pressure like a champ and bodied Mango; what happened here seemed like tournament nerves (justifiably so given the massive prize pool and first irl tournament).
When mango got that shield drop back air, I knew it was over. Crazy that it went neck and neck for that long. Best melee set.
Good to see my fellow link mains so high on the leaderboard.
Dumb question I’m someone can help answer.  Why could zain go to FD twice on the first set but not in set 2?
    You can not choose a stage to go back to if you already won on that stage during the set. First set zain lost on fd, so he had the chance to pick it again. In set 2 he won his fd match, meaning he'd have to cp to a different stage
Who knew that a big Mario Kart streamer would one day go onto be a great melee player too? Crazy!
Melee is fucking beautiful
Mango is the fucking GOAT.
I tuned out after seeing mango lose his 2nd game.

fuck.
    Stupid decision
        Stupision.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Stupid decision' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
    When will you learn? When will you all learn?
        To be fair a friend asked for my help so I had other things to do, but I had the choice to keep watching if I wanted to.
    You dipped after game 2 of grand finals and didn’t go to sleep? Lol
    You slept on the kid. It's cool. I doubt you make the same mistake again
Not even a mango fan but fuck if I wasn't chanting his name for a full hour and a half, even after he knocked my boy plup out
/r/kappa in shambles at the fact that their poverty games will never have the history or hype that Melee has, lmao

Legitimately the greatest match I've ever seen. Mango was looking like a dude who mained Fox since he was born with how he was all the fuck over Zain in so many of those games.
    It's not a contest bro. Don't stir the pot.
I've been watching Melee since 2006 and I've never seen a better grand finals. I might not have ever seen a better set. 

Amazing melee.

Here is to 20 more years.
[Gauntlet] got some really nice wins this tournament
[removed]
    I can't imagine coming here during a tournament if I couldn't watch it. So avoidable.
That was insane. Can't wait to see zain win the next one :)
Man, I was really rooting for Plup all tournament, but this just proves Mango is the best to ever touch the game man. The dude had an INSANE loser’s run. I fucking love this game, and Mango is always the one to remind me why.
I can’t wait to see what Leffen brings to the table when he’s allowed to come back. This really is the greatest game of all time.
QUICK QUESTION -  ive been out of the scene for a minute, why is zain being called the greatest marth to ever do it? m2k?
    Mew2king's marth has never done what Zain's marth is doing rn. If you want, watch TBH9 sets with Mew2king/Zain. I recall the commentators saying how Zain makes marth look like a completely different character, and it's definitely true.
    Zain is significantly better at the game now than M2K was at his peak and is also winning / making GFs of major events at a higher rate than M2K did at any time post 2007. He won one of the last pre-COVID majors and has dominated the year of online we had leading up to now.
    Because Zain basically dominated the entire covid Era melee and redefined how marth is played.
    He's still a God, but Zain is on another level of skill and implementation. I'm sure if M2k still played actively and competed he could keep up, but he doesn't.
    Zain has won a super major and some other majors over a shorter period of time, whilst also being the best player during the 1.5 year long online period. M2K has longevity for sure but didn’t actually win many stacked/big majors. I don’t know if zain is the undisputed GOAT Marth but there’s a very strong case for him.
    Even if you give M2K that he's even with Zain on MUs that he played with Marth (which is a stretch at best at this point), Zain makes Hbox and Plup look like fodder in MUs that M2K never mastered.  Like no matter how much you want to fanboy peak M2K vs. spacies, there is no denying that Zain is a better all-around Marth.
    M2k never fully solo mained.
    Zain has innovated Marth so fucking hard in a way that no one else has. Mew2King was excellent in his time and set a lot of standards for how we analyze and implement character tech, but Zain has taken that framework and pushed it even further
Finally people can see the light : netplay is not quite as legit as irl melee and fox beats marth even on FD
    you were right at the start there, but definitely not the latter. Netplay is legit, we can certainly have good regional tournies on it, but it'll never be LAN. And that's totally fine.
Game 5 last stock I'm taking mango every sine day of the week
Mango wins when it matters most
Damn another loser's run for the ages. Good stuff
Back with a bang this was incredible
I figured zain would win and had to get up early so I missed this.. massive congrats to Mango
I was GLEEFULLY giddy after set 1, I was seriously giggling to myself.
Truly one of the best grand finals ever, regardless if he took the last stock or not.

I actually thought the top 8 itself was a bit lackluster. A lot of the sets felt klike 1 player on it, the other way off. Lacked real ebb and flow, but the grand finals producing the best sets covers that, 10000%.

&#x200B;

Great tourney overall, very glad to be back. That'll give us a nice shot in the arm going forward. Think in 2022, the race for number 1 can be nice as fuck. Zain and Mango are self-explanatory, got to imagine Leffen is watching that with envy, Hbox (as he was always going to) looks like himself when not playing on WIFI, and you can't overlook Plup who is steadily gathering momentum. Lots of good demi-gods who could take tournies too. Stacked.
This tournament was a amazing. I'm so glad I had the night off from work and was able to watch it out. 

Everyone played really well with a few exceptions. It felt like none did t really warm up until he played Mango and lost.

Plup being a tourney threat again was dope af.

Hbox was playing aggressive. It seems like he's a different Puff these days, way more willing to risk things. I really enjoyed watching him play, was hype.

Mango's fox was so fucking rad. He was burning it up against Zain. I'm a huge fan of his Falco, and was kind of bummed he was leaning on fox more recently, but I've always enjoyed his fox too, a lot more than the rest of the foxes (Moky as well). However, Mango's fox was fucking heroic. It really felt like he did the impossible this tourney, a lot like when he beat Zain at TBH9.
cool
GOAT
So much happened at this summit, great story lines. Hbox did really well at the first in person tourney he went to in a while and Axe did pretty well too which showed that they really weren’t thriving in the online environment but are still really good players who deserve major respect. The Mang0 comeback into an insane grand finals session to win his first ever summit was so amazing to watch! Easily the best smash summit ever!
Such a kickoff for hopefully the return of regular competition. So proud of everyone involved
2saint outplaced by 2saint in pools. Feels bad
not to mention down to the last fucking stock
    Literally a fresh slate on the last stock for both players. It could have gone either way.

I wanted Zain at first but Mang0 deserved that win for how much work he put in for that losers run. So good
        Zain even got a grab, I thought it was over.
            That's them $50k nerves. That's them prestige nerves. Them facing mang0 on the sickest loser run into one if the most insane grand finals ever nerves.  Zain flubbed a ton but so did mang0.  At first I was a little (emphasis on only a little) disappointed by it and then pulled my head out of my ass and realized of course they have fucking nerves.  No player in either of their shoes would be anything but a heaping plate of spaghetti.  It added to the hype.
                I miss the old mango, the straight from the go mango.
                imagine being in either of their positions and knowing you have to play the best melee of your life right then and if you make one mistake you lose $23k
                Sometimes I genuinely feel like Mang0 can pull off these sick ass losers runs just because in the back of the other players head they're like fuck I wanna see a sick ass Mang0 loser's run I can't win this.
                This was the Smash set with perhaps the most pressure ever behind it. No two players have ever had more stakes behind their set as this grands.
                    The only argument I can possibly make is Evo just based on the crowd size/venue/stage? Like maybe the one where hbox ran the reset on Armada, 2016 I think.  But even then I tend to agree with you. This tournament meant a ton.
                It’s really cool to think about the mind games at that level
    Yeah Jesus Christ I didn't even remember that. Haven't felt this way about a tourney since Apex 15. Just legend shit.
        Yup. This was the first set where I thought to myself, "Oh fuck, this might be better than Apex 2015". At the end of game 9
            One big thing that this tourney was missing imo is a massive hype crowd. The crowd at the summit house was definitely hype in it's own way though. 

Let's see in a few months if this tourney really beat apex 2015 - right now I agree that it is but there is a LOT of recency bias lol.
                I agree, but hearing the excitement from the other attendees at Summit was unusual for a summit event and definitely added to the hype overall lol.

The only thing that pushes this set back is that there were a few technical flubs from both players. A real, perfect set would have both players at their absolute best. This set has everything else going for it though
This is certainly the best tourney and grand finals I’ve watched live as a spectator. I would’ve liked to see Amsa or Axe or one of the newcomers to further, but really the bracket had a little bit of everything and then some
    I've seen most majors from 2013 forward.  I can somewhat confidently tell you this ranks up there for me.  It's probably #1 (it's all subjective at the end of the day).  I'm going to sleep on it.  I might put plups genesis win over it.
        Over Apex 2015?
            I'll put that in top 5.  I love me some ppmd but not that much.  I think my list would go.


1. Summit 11 (????)

1. Evo 2013 (it was the first stream I watched -- hard not to slot #2)
 
1. Genesis 5 (the one Plup won, I think it was 5?)
 
1. TBH 4 (what can I say I'm a mang0/plup fanboy at the end of the day)
 
1. APEX 2015 / GOML 2016 / Evo 2016 -- hard to say, 3 way tie.
                Would you rank Smash Summit 6/8 quite high? Both those tournaments had bonkers upsets and some of the wildest results ever.

Still cannot get over Axe Wizzrobe grand finals in a tournament with both Mang0 and Hbox.
                    Mmmm... good question. I feel satisfied with my top 4 personally. All of this is subjective af of course.  Axe winning summit was pretty fuckin wholesome.  For some reason I felt the level of play was off... no offense to axe or Wizz but to have a falcon Pikachu grands some things needed to have gone wonky.  They were both out of their minds that top 8 though to be fair.  Watching axe overcome with emotion was pretty satisfying. Was summit 6 m2k?  I think I was on vacation in New Orleans for that one so I was only able to watch like wunners finals forward.  I've never been a huge fan of m2k though I respect the shit out of him.

I guess I'd put them like 10 through 15? Somewhere in there? Reason being because there were some royal flushes, other TBH, and other Genesis that I'm really fond of.  Leffens Evo win pretty hype too.
                Where is Big House 9 on your list?
                    Up there,  no doubt.  Top 10 easy. TBH4 just had a vibe to it.  It was a particular era of mang0 that was just really flashy and amazing to watch.
                    Tbh9 is definitely a contender for top tournament in my mind with one of the best GF's especially. In fact for me it's either that tournament or this one.
        Thoughts on where apex 15 sits?
    Funny thing is Axe has won a Summit before.
Legit I was rooting for Hbox for the first time ever. Melee is weird man
    hbox played like a stand up gent this tourney tho
        Nah he sits down for his sets now
    Same here sucks how awkward they all talk to him after matches nd root against him tho in a passive aggressive way
    Dude same!  Not for the first time, because I was rooting for him against Armada in 2016, but I was really hoping for a good run from him after that Amsa set.
    It’s weird not seeing the dude on top
Also got Amsa vs. Hungrybox which continues to be one of the best recurring matches of Summit.
    I thought this one would be the set of the tournament before Zain v. Mango
In terms of raw skill, Zain is absolutely the best Marth to ever do it, his sheer dominance vs spaces and ability to perform well against the entire cast as a solo man is bonkers. I'd still argue that he's not the GOAT Marth over Mew2King yet, but would not be surprised at all to see that change in the near future.
    That's fair, I agree in terms of legacy and longevity (even though it's *real* tight rn, one or two more supermajors and one or two more years at the top and Zain will have the edge); but in terms of gameplay I think it's no contest, we've never ever seen a marth play like this.
    [deleted]
        Okay, okay, I think you take playstyle way too much into account when considering this. I'm sorry, but I simply cannot understand the thought process of ranking PP over M2K, and that line of thinking falls flat upon more examination. First off, your description of M2K's playstyle is a gross misunderstanding and exaggeration of his playstyle, as someone who's analysed and compared both their Marths, both M2K and Zain play for the cheese at the ledge a lot, but it's like saying Hbox's whole playstyle is just floating and bairing, there's so much more to it then that. M2K will mix in dash dancing in place with a sudden burst of movement or am attack, he'll whiff punish, he'll grab you and intentionally combo upwards for the damage or to set into a Ken combo, etc.
Secondly, even if it was correct... so? He still found incredible success, and was the best Marth in the world from 2007-2013, and 2016-2018. Does Zain being the best Marth in the world for 2-3 years, depending on how much you value online, outweigh the factor of M2K literally being the best Marth in the game, for at least, double that time period, arguably more? I'd still say not yet. 
Thirdly, M2K has also played Marth a lot in the ditto, and for the majority of his career, prioritized Marth as his top character (from 2007-2010, 2014, 2016-2019). Sure, he dual mains, but Marth is the character he's played the most. 
Fourthly, M2K has won not 1 or 2, but 6 sets vs Armads with Marth. Twice in 2016, once in 2017, and three times in 2018. Obviously this pales in comparison to other gods, but at least he's on the very short list of people to take a set of Armada, which, Zain isn't. You can argue whether he could've if Armada kept painting  but at the end of the day in our timeline, Zain failed to take a set off Armada. 
Fifthly, to debunk the PPMD argument, PP was also a dual main, and I'd argue only prioritized Marth in 2015, which, he only attended 3 major tournaments. He's also won 3 majors going some amount of Marth, while M2K has won at least double that, winning multiple majors in 2007, 2013, 2016, 2017, and 2018, and only was the best Marth at maximum from 2014-2015, which even then, PP primarily played Falco in 2014, and was ranked lower in 2015.
Lastly, M2K was the definitive best in the world with Marth in 2007, and possibly even 2008. Zain has only been the best player in North America online. It's still very impressive, and he will likely prove himself by the end of the year, but as of right now, it just doesn't have the same impact. He also practically invented the modern style of Marth, in which Zain has built upon with great results.

I'm deeply sorry for the wall of text, but I honestly fail to understand your thought process, on so many accounts, and is even flat out incorrect on a few things.
            [deleted]
                PP would not mainly play Marth, he would primarily play Falco up to 2015-2016, which is the sole exception for this. And even that, he played a lot of Falco that year, specifically at Evo and Canada Cup, He also wasn't very active those years either. M2K has most definitely played more Marth overall than PPMD has. I can see where you're coming from with Zain over M2K, but there is no way at all that PP is a greater Marth all time than M2K . If you're going to take points away from M2K for not solo maining then that's fine, but you'd have to do the same for PPMD as well.

M2K has been playing primarily Marth for longer than PP, has won more major tournaments going Marth then PP, etc.
                    [deleted]
                        Unlike M2K, PP didn't really choose between Marth or Falco for matchup reasons, it was more how much energy he had or what he was feeling in the moment. He wasn't really truly confident in one specific character in one specific mu. For example, at Evo 2015, PP went pretty much exclusively Falco until top 8, then went exclusively Marth vs Plup's Sheik, then both characters vs Armada and Hungrybox. At Apex, he went pretty much Marth vs everyone except S2J and one set with Armada. As you can see, there isn't really a rhyme or reason for choosing a certain character, it's more a feels based thing.  
Taking away points for not playing Marth in certain mu's is valid, it's just hard to compare because M2K would almost exclusively go Marth vs spacies and Peach, but almost exclusively Sheik vs Sheik and Falcon. For PPMD, he dual mained both from around 2013-2015, he primarily played Falco in 2013-2014, and Marth in 2015-early 2016. So if you had to find a statistic to compare the two on, it would more than likely just be which of their mains they prioritized, in which M2K has prioritize Marth in more years than PPMD has.
Haven't followed melee in years by now, so Zain has now canonically earned the spot as GOAT marth?
    Different people will give you different answers. Almost no one disputes that he, right now, is playing Marth at a higher level than *anyone* prior to this point: he dominates Marths good matchups (outside of mango he just doesn’t lose to spacies, ever), and he’s taken what were previously considered tough or weird matchups and dramatically improved them (Hbox/puff, Pikachu, falcon), while also being a god at the ditto (taken every major name, including an admittedly rusty M2K). 

The only things stopping him from being GOAT marth would be legacy and longevity: those are both eroding steadily as he continues to dominate, but a lot of people still think he needs a few more years / super majors to indisputably best M2K (or, if you’re one of those people, Ken).
        jesus, props to him, last time i followed it was shortly before his first major win
Not to mention the ridiculous viewing numbers
I was so deflated after Mang0 had game 1 and game 2 of set 1 fall through his fingers, but little did we know what Mang0 was about to fucking do.
    little did we KNOW!!!!!!!!!!
    I did not watch it live, I pulled up the video, did not look at how long it was, then Mang0 lost game 1 and 2 and I was so sad, I was like do I even need to watch this last game? Then I looked at how long the video was, (which I wish I hadn't) and had a preemptive pop off that mang0 was about to win at least 3 games in a row. 


I had no idea how the 2nd set was going to go though. Then on game 10, when Mang0 lost the first two stocks in a row, I closed the video, I was like god damn it's over, I don't want to watch Mang0 choke again. 

Then I took a deep breath, said, well... maybe... and opened it back up, watched the swing in the momentum, and absolutely lost my shit when he won! Such a great set! Zain was playing out of his mind, but then he was also def feeling the pressure, and had a couple SDs in the set, but hey, that's live melee.
Yeah for real. He never had a stupid SD.
There have been so many great ones over the years but never has a melee set made me feel this way.
    There's a beauty with this being the first in-person major post-pandemic too
        And for almost $50k
            And with Mang0 going fox against Zain with the whole fox-marth narrative going around lately
    You know I was thinking "well.. it was a decent set.. wish there was less flubbing" but at the same time... what do you expect?  That was a suuuper high pressure set.  Nerves is literally half the battle.  And it wasn't like there weren't insane plays happening ever other engagement.  Insane set.
i would actually believe that nicholas yingling won summit before i'd believe that mango won 5 sets in a row in losers then reverse 3-0'd zain with 2 fox fd wins before winning the second set game 5 last hit

that did not happen

mang0 is fucking warping reality
    Fucking lol.  Word
Summit 11 and Apex 15 grand finals. Top 2 no question
    Royal Flush and EVO 2016 in the convo for me
        BH9 GFs with the stream cutting out, Armada’s swansong at Smash Con ‘18 vs m2k, Mango vs Leffen at G4, there really are too many insane sets to choose from
            Mannnnn I forgot the bh9 cut out!!! That was crazy, I was thinking of that set during this gfs for obvious reasons
        Ironically the one that gets bumped from top 10 lists for this is probably Big House 9, since this was the same thing but fox and at the return to lan
        Only thing is royal flush is not an iconic tournament. The stakes and the stage heighten the significance
    EVO 2016, how could you forget?
        Evo 2016 is top 5 for me, but not as good as this or apex 15. The mystery of the return of PP for apex and the return to LAN from pandemic both outvalue the (extremely great!) evo 16 gfs
    Genesis 1-3, Apex 2015 I think should be rightfully in there.
        Apex 15 is unseatable as #1 for me personally. The entire tournament was perfect leading up to the goat return of Kevin. Man. I get chills thinking about it definitely the best event I’ve watched live (not in person)
So glad I stayed up. Now I can say I saw apex 2015, evo 2016, and summit 11 live. Summit 11 has got to be the best one though. I can't believe that I just saw. 2 fd games? So many times this set I thought it was over. Fuck
    Didn’t really start watching until like 2019. Always kind of get bummed out watching the classics thinking about how I couldn’t experience them live without knowing the outcome. Absolutely thrilled I just watched that live
        there is SO MUCH more melee to be played
Greatest set of all time
    free
Not even close imo.
Really hype to see Mang0 bringing it back from the absolute edge, but Zain choked massively and made a ton of mistakes.

The best set of all times should be awarded to one where both players are at their peak and playing the best melee possible.
    Everyone is remembering the slop from this set because we just watched it, but pretty much every epic set in grands has some spaghetti.  The stakes and pressure make it basically impossible to play flawless melee.
        Also the entire building chanting Mango's name has to hit him a little. I do notice Zain starts to look shakey  in grands tho so many the pressure of the final is his weakness
            I wonder if Zain might be realizing that he's become so dominant so fast that it might make people annoyed with "oh great, another Zain win" like they did with armada...? Must suck to be so new compared to mango and still feel like expectations are on you to easily win and so everybody wants to cheer for an OG god over you
    I think it was very close.

Zain is incredibly good, but part of a big tournament is being able to play through the choke
    All sets have flubs. a lot of it also comes from mango putting a ton of pressure in zains face and him having to try and deal with it.
    If Zain choking still forces mango to play the best he has in a long time and almost beats him? Says something about Zain, eh?
        Also about the matchup IMO 

That said I think a lot of the Zain flubs don’t happen if Mang0 isn’t playing out of his fucking mind
            Word. Mango's insane play forces the likelihood of mistakes. The pressure is toobmuch sometimes.
    I agree honestly, this was a very, very  entertaining set, but both players made some pretty bad mistakes. It was super close and fun to watch, but I wouldn’t call it the “greatest”. Maybe I’m just being nit-picky tho. Either way, you shouldn’t be getting downvoted for expressing your opinion :p

Edit: a lot of people have been saying that every high stakes grand finals set has flubs/spaghetti, which is true. That said, this one definitely had more flubs than a lot of the other historic sets.

This kind of reminds me of the Patriots / Falcons super bowl from a few years ago. It was a super awesome game to watch and one of my favorites as a patriots fan, but the Falcons played so shitty in the second half that many will argue it wasn’t “great” game. Again, I think it just comes down semantics and opinion.

Edit 2: I’ve thought about it some more, and I do think I’m not appreciating the context of the set enough. One of the first major “IRL” tourneys with the biggest prize pool ever, and an insane losers run. It was the first tourney I’ve watched in awhile and I assume that’s true for a lot of other people too. Two greatest players in the world down to the last stock. While it wasn’t the best “performance” in a vacuum, I think the argument can be made it was the greatest set.
        Don't let the downvotes from people feeding of hype change your opinion.
Truth is, recency bias and "it's MANGO" is definetely making people react with exaggerated hot takes. As time passes and everyone looks at this set with a cold head, it will be pretty obvious it wasn't that great, very sloppy and spaghetti melee all around. You could argue "context matters" but if that's the case I can think of a million other sets with way higher stakes (besides money, I guess) and crazy atmosphere than this one
            It was a ninja edit, but I hear you. I was thinking that too, had Zain taken that last stock the hype wouldn’t be the same. Honestly most of the reason I loved the set is because I’m a Mang0 fanboy. And yeah, having a crowd definitely would’ve added to the hype.
Amazing set but this is recency bias talking
Is that actually the best set of melee all time? I was legit at the edge of my seat the entire time
    I cant think of anything better. The stakes, prize pool, drama, the level of technical play, etc etc.
        Agreed
        While some may say Zain wasn't playing his best, and that's probably true, but everyone's gangsta until Loser's Mango is in your face.

This set brought me back to how Mango would play M2K, who equally seemed downright unstoppable in this matchup. And Mango's aggression sometimes made Jason look like he was falling apart.
        It's probably not the highest level grand finals I've ever seen in terms of play but it was still insanely cracked.  But in terms of the overall storyline and just how the sets played out.. Insane.  Complete insanity.  Nothing matches.  You love to see mango pull this out.
            Nothing offline has ever compared to this set before, because mang0 and Zain have pushed Melee to a higher level during the online era than anyone had ever been before.

The best Marth performance in a grand finals ever was probably just SCL 2 week 4 GF set 2.

But these two players simply weren't this cracked before the online era, making this, despite the flubs from the nerves from the ENORMOUS stakes, easily the highest level grand finals played in person.
                Zain made so many flubs. It was extremely hype and mango was on fire. Zains punish game was insane but to say nothing compares in terms of level of play just isn't right imo

I'm happy mango won, but zain choked from pressure in both sets.
                    Lack of tech flubs =/= higher level melee. If you or I played Zain and made zero tech flubs against his spaghetti marth from grands we would still certainly get 3-4 stocked. If a player from early 2020 time travelled to summit 11 they would probably lose to both mango and zain despite the apparently sloppy gameplay. They are so good now after a year and a half of grinding like they never have before that even their sloppy B game is higher level than the A game of pre-pandemic pros, in my opinion
                        Very well said
            which set would you say had a higher level of play?
            I personally think the 'level of play', especially from Zain, was higher at the SCL 2 Mang0/Zain grand finals. But I think Mang0 probably did play the best he ever was last night
        I will say that having no crowd loses points in my book. Not getting to see a bunch of people in the background pop off on each stock and at the end of the game takes that little bit away
        plus being the first LAN tourny in over a year with real crowd
        Mang0 v Armad at Royal Flush GF was sick. Also theres a wizzy/zain set where the last stocks are absolutely nuts
            That wizzy/zain set is a clusterfuck tho, theyre both basically at maximum spaghetti. I think Toph even said "That was the best bad melee Ive ever seen" in the commentary lol
                When i read "sudden death" as a medical side-effect, i always think of wizzy just collapsing in his chair at the end of that set. Was actually pretty scary to watch
    The greatest melee set of all time, so far. There’s so much more melee to be played
        Good point.

But rememeber, this is the first IRL major after a year of lockdown, that kind of pent up hype will likely not happen again in our lifetime.
        lfg
    Yes. The answer is yes.
Can we also shoutout the commentary? I feel like the sheer intensity that was heard through them and the crowd made the set at least 5 times better to watch
    Stressed out Scar is just the best
    Toph saying that this was the sickest grand finals hes ever seen really drove it home for me
        Dude, toph is such a huge meleehead, him saying that reaaaaallllly means something
            I'm hard pressed to think of someone more qualified to make that statement.  He's commentated the sickest top 8s of all time. Him and scar are pretty much the custodians of melee in my mind.
            I've been watching competitive Melee since 2013. This is the best Loser's Bracket run I've ever seen, and the best Grand Finals set I've ever seen. The only thing that could've made it better is a huge crowd, but this was amazing.
                Same and I 100% agree. Never seen a fox move like mang0 last night and probably never will again. Makes me wonder if I even play the same game
    I watched with no sound and that was still one of the most insane sets I’ve ever seen
        You should go back and rewatch.
            Definitely will
    Yes, except scar got too hyped up and kept legit screaming lmao.
        Yo if you werent also screaming or at least felt like screaming, idk what to say man
            I know I was! But he wasn’t like screaming commentary he was shrieking while toph and Oscar were trying to build the moment! Haha
[deleted]
    100% recency bias lollll

Melee has had so many amazing moments this doesn't really come close.
        You guys high on pcp or something lmao
            Nah, just seen a lot of amazing melee moments.

It's just recency bias and the fact there's been no big tournaments for a while.

I think Armadas mediation into 4 stock was different

Or Chudats crazy time at the top again

Or melee donating loads of money to be at Evo

Or just the fact melee has been around for so fucking long.
                Those are all incredible feats from this amazing game (Chudat had wobbling so maybe that should have an asterisk haha) but I have zero doubt that this Melee moment will stand the test of time.  Kinda reminded me of Armada vs Mang0 GF at Royal Flush
For me this is close 2nd to Mang0s Big House 9 losers run and that's only cause I was in the crowd and a Falco main LOL
That's a fat L to take. I love Zain and I have no doubt he's going to bounce back hungrier than ever but rest assured those two sets are going to haunt him for a bit. Good shit on mang0. That was his tournament to win.
    He tweeted out this was by far his hardest loss to take. He hasn't lost to a fox on fd in like legitimate years. This is as if a falcon beat mang0 in GF. It's just unheard of and after seeing that mang0 was going to have to do two fd games against zain with fox, i actually lost complete faith in his fox. I was literally pleading please just go fucking falco man. Turns out, this is why mang0 is a god and why i go 2-2 max at tournies lmao
        Hard to feel tooooo bad for zain though.  Compare it to mang0 who has been both literally considered the goat to completely washed, relegated to streamer, a drunk, etc etc.  I have a feeling he's going to just lab the fuck out of fox match-up and we'll be back to seeing second place finishes for a while.  I'm pretty convinced mang will stay fox for the foreseeable future against Zain though and that it's way closer to even than his Falco.  Especially on FD.
            I don't even understand how you begin to lab out those matches. Mang0 did so many unorthodox options, it really just felt like he was reading every single move zain made.
                For the most part it's probably going to be coming up with general game plans to slow down mang0 and he's probably gonna grind punish super hard to the point that if he grabs mang0 he either takes the stock or gets him off stage for an edge guard (which he will also lab for sure lol)
also we have 4 gods with Summit wins now
    Plus PP potentially on the Horizon. Summit could become a symbol of the gods and their pet mouse.
        PP is not winning a summit
            I'll be laughing at this comment in 2027
            I will never count that man out again. Hiatus and came in with a different main. PP is unreal.
                bro its been 6 years



:(
            I don't see it happening anytime soon. But he's also the only person to take a hiatus and then win a super major as his first tournament back. But this has been a MUCH longer hiatus
The best thing about that list is still that Axe is on it.
    Still wishing it had been Wizzy instead 😭😭😭
        Who the fuck is downvoting this, what's wrong with being a wizzyfan109!?
        I'm so happy wizzy had just won SnS right before that summit, otherwise it would've been heartbreaking for either of them to lose
feels weird to even count hbox as a vote-in getting 3rd lol
Oh shit, I'd been saying during grands that both players have never won a Summit, but I forgot Zain won Summit 10 online.
Not bad for a washed Ultimate streamer
same, i shoulda been in bed like 1.5 hours ago lol
That's actually a really good idea. So many things made this happen; rollback unlocking suitable environments for competition given the situation, how some grinded and others fell off (i.e. Hbox, but damn did he prove a lot this tournament), new stars, new tournament format with SCS, I could go on... I want to personally thank everyone, both players and people behind the scenes, that have made this work out the way it did.
Trust TDFW for that
Thatd be really dope to watch, Ive been paying almost no attention to melee during the pandemic because of no locals draining the motivation to play out of me and like, let's be real, melee twitter is fucking nasty. 
Id love a vid to catch me up for what I've missed
The community needed mang0 to win this tbh.  Zain is on any given Tuesday the better melee player but the melee community needed mang0 to take this one home.
You say moky did but look at amsa bracket. He had to play zain mango and hbox only to have to play axe AGAIN I swear every tourney amsa goes to he has to play axe eventually
Because he's the goddamn GOAT
and the fact that it was the first one after the pandemic, makes it feel like a goddamn fanfic LMAO
    and the largest prize pool in Smash Bros. history
I think leffen catching a stray bullet is almost a compliment to leffen. Like mang0 cares so much about proving leffen wrong that it was literally the first thing mang0 said after winning a game 10 $50,000 Grands
    Haha take a look at Leff’s Twitter and you can see he definitely does not agree lol. I do feel for him. Not only can he not attend, his spot as worlds best fox is taken from him without a chance to defend it. That hurts
        Well I did say “almost” a compliment lol. But yeah I’m feeling so sad for leffen and Zain right now. Fortunately the mang0 happiness is outweighing it slightly
            Yeah same. At least zain walks away with a fat stack of cash. Poor leff missed the whole thing didn’t get the massive money they all made in top 8, and the fact that they had a basketball tournament on top? That’s rough man lmao.
        To be fair, Leffen stopped trying to defend it. He gave up on Fox vs Zain and switched to Sheik. Even if Leffen was here, he would never have done what Mango just did because he'd be playing Sheik against Zain instead.
            Honestly it’s hard to say what would have happened in the past year and a half. Leff has been completely out of the game.  Maybe he makes some of these same advances in the matchup if he has the chance, if anyone besides mango is capable it’s Leffen
                I mean Leffen made it clear that he was giving up on the matchup because he thought the matchup was too hard, it was unrelated to him being out of the game. He is convinced Marth dominates Fox so he dropped the matchup, which is why he would never have been able to accomplish what Mango did.

Mango proved hes the best fox regardless of whether or not Leffen is here, since Leffen himself is the one who built up this impossible challenge of beating Zain with Fox. Mango did it in his first try lmao
                    I’m not disagreeing with that you’re probably right, just saying that the same time that Mango has been working on it, leff hasn’t even really been able to play with anyone decent besides Pipsqueak and a handful of others while the NA guys get to grind 24/7 with top pros. Not saying Leffen would have done this or not done that, just that he hasn’t had the opportunity to try during this online era
        He will get his shot bit ridiculous to moan and take Mangos win away.
            He’s not taking Mang0’s win away, he’s lamenting that his visa issue has no end in sight and there’s no telling how long it’ll be before he gets to be involved again. That really sucks, if not for the pride factor, for the financial factor that he probably would have walked away from this tournament with 8k+
                Yeah, fair enough. Plus mango goaded that sort of reply from him anyway lol
                    Yeah he definitely was antagonizing Leffen but they’ve been doing the podcast long enough and known each other long enough that I’m sure neither of them take it particularly personally
I think adding to it even more is him pushing against the scene’s most dominant narrative of matchup discussion for months and then proving it in the most spectacular way in his first go at it. 

Undisputed GOAT player. Maybe GOAT grands as well.
    I know everyone’s high off the mango win (me too) but saying undisputed is definitely not correct… Armada DEFINITELY has an argument
        I think armadas claim slips with every mango major. Mango won his first national in 2008 at pound 3 and his most recent major 1 day ago in 2021. Armada was beyond dominant but the longevity of mango is surpassing that dominant stretch quickly.
        Armada may be the BOAT, but Mango is the GOAT.
        The GOAT wouldn't quit. The GOAT lives and breathes melee.
        Mang0 is the main character of Melee.
Pretty sure leffen was talking shit on his fox on Twitter.

https://twitter.com/TSM_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461?s=20
    Not very recently. I’m also pretty sure it’s all about Leffen complaining about fox zain relentlessly and then having argued about it on mango and the 6-4 for a longggg time
        it was very recent. 

https://twitter.com/TSM\_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461
            Dude it's just banter mang0 says the same shit on stream all the time it's not that deep
                I didn't say it was deep but clearly Mang0 was offended.
            Oh that was a direct reply lol they’re just shit talking each other cuz they’re friends that’s not like flaming him lol. That type of thing is just mang being mang. He definitely said that about Leffen afterwards because he beat Zain on fd with fox twice, while Leffen has been complaining it’s unwinnable since sding his last two stocks on dreamland vs zain at summit 9
            [deleted]
                It's not deleted, the person just did a bad job of linking

https://twitter.com/TSM_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461
What happen with Leffen?
    After winning, the first thing mango said was “this one is for the (folks? Foxes? Not sure lol don’t remember.) the second thing Mango said was “Leffen can suck my fat fucking cock”
I think he's one of the few people on the planet (plup... anyone else?) Who can dual main. We saw he still likes falco for falcon and fox. I see no reason he can't play his mu's like this
    That’s why he’s got them tatted on him. The bird and the Fox are just natural to him at this point
        I was suuuuper impressed with his ability to switch today. In the past he's struggled switching mid tourny but he looked clean on both.  Looking forward to more in the future.
    M2k CAN, but it was unnecessary. His Marth was better than all his other charsacters
        True. I didn't count pp and m2k as they're not active but both are capable and have been successful dual (in m2k's case like tri/quad) main
        Sheik was just a way to save energy in pools tbh
            Yeah, I thought M2K said at one point (maybe after his summit win) that he only plays Marth when he feels like he's playing great because it's such a hard character to play. So basically we all have this perception that M2K's marth is godly, and it is, but we also only see it when he knows it will be godly.
    it's kinda funny, this long saga as a falco main just to go back to essentially what he was doing back in 2016-17 lol
        I do think that Mango solo maining falco forced him to refine his defensive game a massive amount though. It almost goes without saying but  it feels like he's playing so much smarter and analytically than he did back then, and I think focusing on falco is a big part of why.
            I was thinking this so much. I'm a huge Mango Falco fan and it has been so amazing seeing him make his Falco work in the current meta. I didn't expect it to also improve his fox.
    PP was Marth/Falco, Armada was Fox/Peach, M2K was Sheik/Marth/Fox. There were a lot of dual mains, Mango just remains one of the last.
    Armada, M2K, and PP were able to maintain multiple characters too
        Yes. You're not the first to mention them. They were all absolutely insane with multiple with numerous characters. I guess I kinda meant active players. (I also think it's harder to have 2 characters at a level where they are viable at highest level in 2021 vs 2018 but that's an opinion rather than the fact about the lack of dual mains so I won't really get into that)
            I’m inclined to agree. The defensive meta has been pushed so far in the last few years that it seems harder and harder to maintain multiple characters at the top level
    Armada peach/fox I think is a true dual main
mang0 nation. Fox McCloud

Reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-OQ6SO6hYkc
    [deleted]
How does it give credit though? Hbox was one missed rest away from beating Zain and Mango, players he would struggle with before covid as well. To me this proves that netplay doesn't matter as much as IRL
    What the hell do you mean? He lost 3-1 to both of them.

How is that "one rest away"?
        It could've gone either way
            Mango dismantled hbox imo
                Last game was like 1 hit and then its 2-2, thats a close set anyway you see it
Nice!
Armada better come back to defend his claim because it may be slipping away.
    
Can't take away Armada's dominance, but in terms of total melee played and the quality of it, This loser's run + Mango's longevity tipped the scales for me.
        Hbox said so too
            Bro even Hbox is a Mango fan nowadays, and I am living for it
                We all are just Melee fans doesn't matter what characters we play

Just GGs nd keep the salt at 🏡
        Yeah, there will probably never be someone who dominates an era as much as Armada did, but we have to be able to reevaluate who the GOAT is. Armada doesn't just get to keep it forever because he says so. Especially if Mang0 keeps winning massive tournaments long after Adam's retirement.
            Yeah it's slipping away, 100%
        yeah

mango 2007 (pound3) - mango 2021 (ss11)

armada 2011 (g2) - armada 2018 (ssc2018)

that's 14 years of top level play vs 7 years; in terms of raw career value i'm easily picking mango over armada

i honestly think hbox at some point has surpassed armada also
            Really not gonna count Genesis 1 for armada where he beat everyone including Mango before losing in grands as top level play? Or Apex, etc? Pretty sure he was undeniably top level at that point.
                sure i guess you could count genesis 1 for armada but then you could go even further back for mango since i'm just counting the period of time in between major championship titles
                    Mango would go back one more year I guess.  But Armada crushed a bracket that was literally stacked against him at Genesis 1.  It was definitely top-level play at the time.
                        yeah i guess you're right

so then you'd add two more years on for armada to make it nine years, and compare that to mango's fifteen years
            Armada never losing to a non God except for like one exception or something is a nigh untouchable record of dominance. Also people may think this is controversial but when Armada was playing 4-5 gods were playing + Leffen.
                armada's argument for GOAT hinges on dominance, but as the years go by and the relative level of play increases, his argument will get progressively weaker

like i said before, at some point it'll be 2027 and people will be talking about armada's reign like he was bill russell winning his 11 rings against milkmen and accountants
                    I don't really like this because it ignores that other gods would get upset by those "milkmen and accountants" while armada wouldn't. In the 2010s armada lost to 9 unique players, and 3 of those only once, never placing outside of top 6 a single time. That is an unreal level of consistency that no one will ever be able to touch, even if mango's legacy does surpass his due to more time spent in the game.
                        Agreed. I can say that the title of GOAT can mean what people want it to mean (longevity, whatever) but unless Mango can do something similar I think that he will always have a cup he can’t drink from that only Armada can.
                            I mean yes but it goes both ways. I think mango envies armadas past, but armada envies mangos present.
At the end of the day I think we all kinda forgot about ken, will do about armada, and eventually will forget mango when he quits. It's just how it goes
                        Not saying people haven't/don't argue against what you are saying but that isn't really what is going on. Everyone (in this chain) is agreeing that Armada was the greatest of the 2010's but as time goes on his argument for the "of all time" aspect gets weaker and weaker. Just like how people now argue Lebron James, Seth Curry, or Kobe Bryant for GOAT of basketball over MJ now.
                The obvious counterargument to this line of thinking is that it doesn't matter how many gods were competing at that time when several non-gods today are obviously playing at a level of quality beyond what the gods were doing back then
                    I guess that’s the only point I would debate. The level of play argument works if you don’t consider that had none of the Gods quit they would also reach said level of play (we have two great examples in this tournament) which means that lower players would be knocked out earlier. Not to mention that in the God to God matchups, Armada does extremely well.

But it’s all speculation and it’s mostly for fun. Truth of the matter is if Armada never quit and Leffen was able to attend everything I speculate that they probably would knock out players like iBDW and Amsa and moky and SFAT, resulting in a more god-saturated top 8. Exceptions obviously can occur. But how tournaments are seeded obviously makes a difference to the outcomes because you may be a player like iBDW who can beat hbox but IMO Armada eats play styles like his alive. Though again, speculation, and not even saying he wouldn’t be able to overcome it. Not to mention that having more character diversity (when the 5 gods were playing, everyone had to know the Peach and Falco matchup)
            Lmao longevity doesn't make someone better than someone else. LeBron isn't better than MJ because he had a longer career. Hbox is not past armada either what the
            Pound 3 was in 2008, not 2007. 13 years of being at the top of competition is an astounding accomplishment however.
    It does suck that armada quit when he did and covid just killing thing. Imagine armada Mang0 hbox Leffen and Zain all duking it out for number one the last two years
    Armada’s claim is gone. Mango’s longevity is too much.
        ? It’s been like 3 years lol
            Genesis which marks the start of Armada at the global level was mid 2009 and Armada retired in 2018. 3 years is 30% of his time at the global level. 

That’s a shit ton of extra time.
                Less than a third of his prime…? lmao
    As a diehard armada fan, it's definitely slipping away. I think people are jumping the gun saying that mang0 is now the definite goat, but he now has a much, much better argument than he's ever had. If he continues at this level, he will be the greatest player of all time.
        Imo it depends on how you want to count online. If you give any weight to it, any at all, then I think it tips in Mang0's favor. If you don't, then it's still in the 'slipping away' point.
            Tbh I think the difference between online and LAN is smaller than the difference between pre ucf and post ucf melee. And much smaller than Rainbow Cruise legal melee. So if we give asterisks for online, we should give asterisks for every era before 2017.
        Yeah recency bias is definitely favoring mango right now in terms of this discussion. Looking back at it, Armada's dominance was insane. However unlike traditional sports, where top player's GOAT status is normally contextualized in their specific era. Due to aging and the longevity of the sport. Melee is getting to a point where a younger generation of players are entering the game, it'll be interesting to watch if Mango can still remain a top 3 player for the forseeable future. As the level of which melee is played at continues to rise aswell.
    Yeah, if it’s not too late it’s too late soon.
Yeah, for real. Zain will be back and with even greater punishes. Mango was playing out of his mind and Zain was playing solid, but maybe not quite as hot. And it was still last stock game 10.
he definitely did not handle the pressure, handling pressure was his last big breakthrough before becoming a tippy top player but we saw that again today for the first time since he became top 3
    I agree, but even though Mango won, the both sets felt like an upward battle to counter, anything Zain did. If he touched fox it felt like it hurt 3x more than anything Mango did. Even in the end it went down to the last fucking stock, Zain certainly didn't choke in my opinion,  he lost because Mango has GRINDED the Marth match-up with his fox. The two have gone back and forth since the pandemic.
        Mango balled out hard but Zain def choked and you've got some kind of blinders on if you can't see it lol, Zain missed stuff that is typically automatic and largely independent of what the opponent is doing.  He dropped more chaingrabs in this set than he does in some tournaments for example lol that's not just Mango doing some kind of magic special superhuman DI.
            still I think Mang0 deserves credit for having the composure to capitalize off Zain's mistakes. Insane to play that well staring down the barrel of back to back FDs. So many players would just mentally crumble in that situation (including mang0 at times in the past lol)
            That's a scrub take. Top players regularly talk about how when the other player is playing really hot then a lot of the "automatic" things that you get openings on become easier to drop because the flow of the game itself has gotten so much faster, it can be hard to mentally slow down and focus on your guaranteed punish. Mango was playing faster than any fox Zain has ever played, so yea theres going to be some mental effect on Zain that comes with that. 

Zain still had plenty of insane edgeguards and crazy conversions, just because you can point to him dropping a few follow ups that should be easy doesnt change the fact that overall he was playing at his usual level.
I'd be flubbing too if the person who was in the documentary that inspired me to start playing were coming at me at ~600-700 IPM with perfect Game Understanding like some sort of ascended godhand creature
    very accurate
    Zain is not a doc kid, he was not inspired to start playing by the documentary
Thats exactly what happened on tbh9, Zain said he just didnt have the same stamina/experience of dealing with such big pressure, and it showed again, I felt Zain when i saw how quickly he hugged mango and left bc probably felt like crying, so sad :(
    Competing is so hard, I couldn't do it. When they showed everyone in the last mintage I was like... Fuck, all these guys want to win so bad, and they can't. Was kinda melancholy
        Dude, even when I'm playing with my friends, sometimes we just mess around and do a super small 8-10 people tournament, and I get nervous as fuck, even when playing against people I use to beat, tournament pressure is fucking real
            I absolutely feel that. Even small tournaments like you said. I once entered a super small like 16 entrant tournament. I made it to winners side of grands. I won in winners finals 3-1. Played the same person in grands, went up 2-0, and then I got reverse 6-0d. The pressure of being in grands is so weird. Even in tiny tournaments.

Also making it to grands, only to take second feels ***SO*** much worse than getting any other placement. At least for me. Like, you were so close to winning it all. But you let it slip away. It's hard to not beat yourself up over that.
                I once missed a perfect bowling game by 2 pins. Still stings to this day.
they were both flubbing like crazy though
    It was a weird Sinusoidal graph of fluctuation between super flubby melee and absolute godlike play the likes of which has never been seen before. Exemplified what melee is all about to a tee. Best melee set ive ever watched, and ive been watching since like 2014
Spacies always flub.
I think it's a mistake to construct too much of a narrative about this.

Very easily, Zain could have won the first set, because there were moments where that seemed more likely than not, and we'd be talking about how dominant his run was beating all-comers, including Plup, Hungrybox, and closing out Mang0.

Mang0 SD'd in his second to last stock on set 2, game 4, and it didn't end up mattering, but imagine the narrative if a couple of moves go differently and Zain wins then. Mang0 would be the one being called a choker who got too nervous, or whatever.

I'm OK with narratives that help make the game more fun, but as someone who clearly doesn't understand the game at the level of people like PPMD, LSD, or Hbox when I heard them talking about it, stuff like "he choked" feels like SKip Bayless-level analysis.
Mango was all over him. He fucked up because he was under insane pressure, it’s not really a throw.
Just like bh9, too much pressure. 40,000 units of pressure. Just didn’t have it this time
Kodorin is gonna become a god I feel it.
Don't be sad. Here's a [hug!](https://media.giphy.com/media/3M4NpbLCTxBqU/giphy.gif)
Best case scenario, Leffen comes back to the scene on a revenge tour, slays the Titans, and we start calling him Kratos.
performing decently is getting 3rd
I definitely think Mango made Zain play worse, if that makes sense.
Playing under pressure in high stakes matches is, itself, a skill.  There isn't anyone in the game that doesn't feel the pressure, that pressure forces mistakes.  Both guys were flubbing.  We've seen every single "God" of the game get frustrated and play like shit under pressure way worse than Zain's play last night.
Yeah Zain was feeling the pressure and flubbed. Part of that was Mango's pressure, so credit to him for that. But I've seen a lot of sets between the two where Zain handled that pressure like a champ and bodied Mango; what happened here seemed like tournament nerves (justifiably so given the massive prize pool and first irl tournament).
You can not choose a stage to go back to if you already won on that stage during the set. First set zain lost on fd, so he had the chance to pick it again. In set 2 he won his fd match, meaning he'd have to cp to a different stage
Stupid decision
    Stupision.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Stupid decision' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
When will you learn? When will you all learn?
    To be fair a friend asked for my help so I had other things to do, but I had the choice to keep watching if I wanted to.
You dipped after game 2 of grand finals and didn’t go to sleep? Lol
You slept on the kid. It's cool. I doubt you make the same mistake again
It's not a contest bro. Don't stir the pot.
I can't imagine coming here during a tournament if I couldn't watch it. So avoidable.
Mew2king's marth has never done what Zain's marth is doing rn. If you want, watch TBH9 sets with Mew2king/Zain. I recall the commentators saying how Zain makes marth look like a completely different character, and it's definitely true.
Zain is significantly better at the game now than M2K was at his peak and is also winning / making GFs of major events at a higher rate than M2K did at any time post 2007. He won one of the last pre-COVID majors and has dominated the year of online we had leading up to now.
Because Zain basically dominated the entire covid Era melee and redefined how marth is played.
He's still a God, but Zain is on another level of skill and implementation. I'm sure if M2k still played actively and competed he could keep up, but he doesn't.
Zain has won a super major and some other majors over a shorter period of time, whilst also being the best player during the 1.5 year long online period. M2K has longevity for sure but didn’t actually win many stacked/big majors. I don’t know if zain is the undisputed GOAT Marth but there’s a very strong case for him.
Even if you give M2K that he's even with Zain on MUs that he played with Marth (which is a stretch at best at this point), Zain makes Hbox and Plup look like fodder in MUs that M2K never mastered.  Like no matter how much you want to fanboy peak M2K vs. spacies, there is no denying that Zain is a better all-around Marth.
M2k never fully solo mained.
Zain has innovated Marth so fucking hard in a way that no one else has. Mew2King was excellent in his time and set a lot of standards for how we analyze and implement character tech, but Zain has taken that framework and pushed it even further
you were right at the start there, but definitely not the latter. Netplay is legit, we can certainly have good regional tournies on it, but it'll never be LAN. And that's totally fine.
Literally a fresh slate on the last stock for both players. It could have gone either way.

I wanted Zain at first but Mang0 deserved that win for how much work he put in for that losers run. So good
    Zain even got a grab, I thought it was over.
        That's them $50k nerves. That's them prestige nerves. Them facing mang0 on the sickest loser run into one if the most insane grand finals ever nerves.  Zain flubbed a ton but so did mang0.  At first I was a little (emphasis on only a little) disappointed by it and then pulled my head out of my ass and realized of course they have fucking nerves.  No player in either of their shoes would be anything but a heaping plate of spaghetti.  It added to the hype.
            I miss the old mango, the straight from the go mango.
            imagine being in either of their positions and knowing you have to play the best melee of your life right then and if you make one mistake you lose $23k
            Sometimes I genuinely feel like Mang0 can pull off these sick ass losers runs just because in the back of the other players head they're like fuck I wanna see a sick ass Mang0 loser's run I can't win this.
            This was the Smash set with perhaps the most pressure ever behind it. No two players have ever had more stakes behind their set as this grands.
                The only argument I can possibly make is Evo just based on the crowd size/venue/stage? Like maybe the one where hbox ran the reset on Armada, 2016 I think.  But even then I tend to agree with you. This tournament meant a ton.
            It’s really cool to think about the mind games at that level
Yeah Jesus Christ I didn't even remember that. Haven't felt this way about a tourney since Apex 15. Just legend shit.
    Yup. This was the first set where I thought to myself, "Oh fuck, this might be better than Apex 2015". At the end of game 9
        One big thing that this tourney was missing imo is a massive hype crowd. The crowd at the summit house was definitely hype in it's own way though. 

Let's see in a few months if this tourney really beat apex 2015 - right now I agree that it is but there is a LOT of recency bias lol.
            I agree, but hearing the excitement from the other attendees at Summit was unusual for a summit event and definitely added to the hype overall lol.

The only thing that pushes this set back is that there were a few technical flubs from both players. A real, perfect set would have both players at their absolute best. This set has everything else going for it though
I've seen most majors from 2013 forward.  I can somewhat confidently tell you this ranks up there for me.  It's probably #1 (it's all subjective at the end of the day).  I'm going to sleep on it.  I might put plups genesis win over it.
    Over Apex 2015?
        I'll put that in top 5.  I love me some ppmd but not that much.  I think my list would go.


1. Summit 11 (????)

1. Evo 2013 (it was the first stream I watched -- hard not to slot #2)
 
1. Genesis 5 (the one Plup won, I think it was 5?)
 
1. TBH 4 (what can I say I'm a mang0/plup fanboy at the end of the day)
 
1. APEX 2015 / GOML 2016 / Evo 2016 -- hard to say, 3 way tie.
            Would you rank Smash Summit 6/8 quite high? Both those tournaments had bonkers upsets and some of the wildest results ever.

Still cannot get over Axe Wizzrobe grand finals in a tournament with both Mang0 and Hbox.
                Mmmm... good question. I feel satisfied with my top 4 personally. All of this is subjective af of course.  Axe winning summit was pretty fuckin wholesome.  For some reason I felt the level of play was off... no offense to axe or Wizz but to have a falcon Pikachu grands some things needed to have gone wonky.  They were both out of their minds that top 8 though to be fair.  Watching axe overcome with emotion was pretty satisfying. Was summit 6 m2k?  I think I was on vacation in New Orleans for that one so I was only able to watch like wunners finals forward.  I've never been a huge fan of m2k though I respect the shit out of him.

I guess I'd put them like 10 through 15? Somewhere in there? Reason being because there were some royal flushes, other TBH, and other Genesis that I'm really fond of.  Leffens Evo win pretty hype too.
            Where is Big House 9 on your list?
                Up there,  no doubt.  Top 10 easy. TBH4 just had a vibe to it.  It was a particular era of mang0 that was just really flashy and amazing to watch.
                Tbh9 is definitely a contender for top tournament in my mind with one of the best GF's especially. In fact for me it's either that tournament or this one.
    Thoughts on where apex 15 sits?
Funny thing is Axe has won a Summit before.
hbox played like a stand up gent this tourney tho
    Nah he sits down for his sets now
Same here sucks how awkward they all talk to him after matches nd root against him tho in a passive aggressive way
Dude same!  Not for the first time, because I was rooting for him against Armada in 2016, but I was really hoping for a good run from him after that Amsa set.
It’s weird not seeing the dude on top
I thought this one would be the set of the tournament before Zain v. Mango
That's fair, I agree in terms of legacy and longevity (even though it's *real* tight rn, one or two more supermajors and one or two more years at the top and Zain will have the edge); but in terms of gameplay I think it's no contest, we've never ever seen a marth play like this.
[deleted]
    Okay, okay, I think you take playstyle way too much into account when considering this. I'm sorry, but I simply cannot understand the thought process of ranking PP over M2K, and that line of thinking falls flat upon more examination. First off, your description of M2K's playstyle is a gross misunderstanding and exaggeration of his playstyle, as someone who's analysed and compared both their Marths, both M2K and Zain play for the cheese at the ledge a lot, but it's like saying Hbox's whole playstyle is just floating and bairing, there's so much more to it then that. M2K will mix in dash dancing in place with a sudden burst of movement or am attack, he'll whiff punish, he'll grab you and intentionally combo upwards for the damage or to set into a Ken combo, etc.
Secondly, even if it was correct... so? He still found incredible success, and was the best Marth in the world from 2007-2013, and 2016-2018. Does Zain being the best Marth in the world for 2-3 years, depending on how much you value online, outweigh the factor of M2K literally being the best Marth in the game, for at least, double that time period, arguably more? I'd still say not yet. 
Thirdly, M2K has also played Marth a lot in the ditto, and for the majority of his career, prioritized Marth as his top character (from 2007-2010, 2014, 2016-2019). Sure, he dual mains, but Marth is the character he's played the most. 
Fourthly, M2K has won not 1 or 2, but 6 sets vs Armads with Marth. Twice in 2016, once in 2017, and three times in 2018. Obviously this pales in comparison to other gods, but at least he's on the very short list of people to take a set of Armada, which, Zain isn't. You can argue whether he could've if Armada kept painting  but at the end of the day in our timeline, Zain failed to take a set off Armada. 
Fifthly, to debunk the PPMD argument, PP was also a dual main, and I'd argue only prioritized Marth in 2015, which, he only attended 3 major tournaments. He's also won 3 majors going some amount of Marth, while M2K has won at least double that, winning multiple majors in 2007, 2013, 2016, 2017, and 2018, and only was the best Marth at maximum from 2014-2015, which even then, PP primarily played Falco in 2014, and was ranked lower in 2015.
Lastly, M2K was the definitive best in the world with Marth in 2007, and possibly even 2008. Zain has only been the best player in North America online. It's still very impressive, and he will likely prove himself by the end of the year, but as of right now, it just doesn't have the same impact. He also practically invented the modern style of Marth, in which Zain has built upon with great results.

I'm deeply sorry for the wall of text, but I honestly fail to understand your thought process, on so many accounts, and is even flat out incorrect on a few things.
        [deleted]
            PP would not mainly play Marth, he would primarily play Falco up to 2015-2016, which is the sole exception for this. And even that, he played a lot of Falco that year, specifically at Evo and Canada Cup, He also wasn't very active those years either. M2K has most definitely played more Marth overall than PPMD has. I can see where you're coming from with Zain over M2K, but there is no way at all that PP is a greater Marth all time than M2K . If you're going to take points away from M2K for not solo maining then that's fine, but you'd have to do the same for PPMD as well.

M2K has been playing primarily Marth for longer than PP, has won more major tournaments going Marth then PP, etc.
                [deleted]
                    Unlike M2K, PP didn't really choose between Marth or Falco for matchup reasons, it was more how much energy he had or what he was feeling in the moment. He wasn't really truly confident in one specific character in one specific mu. For example, at Evo 2015, PP went pretty much exclusively Falco until top 8, then went exclusively Marth vs Plup's Sheik, then both characters vs Armada and Hungrybox. At Apex, he went pretty much Marth vs everyone except S2J and one set with Armada. As you can see, there isn't really a rhyme or reason for choosing a certain character, it's more a feels based thing.  
Taking away points for not playing Marth in certain mu's is valid, it's just hard to compare because M2K would almost exclusively go Marth vs spacies and Peach, but almost exclusively Sheik vs Sheik and Falcon. For PPMD, he dual mained both from around 2013-2015, he primarily played Falco in 2013-2014, and Marth in 2015-early 2016. So if you had to find a statistic to compare the two on, it would more than likely just be which of their mains they prioritized, in which M2K has prioritize Marth in more years than PPMD has.
Different people will give you different answers. Almost no one disputes that he, right now, is playing Marth at a higher level than *anyone* prior to this point: he dominates Marths good matchups (outside of mango he just doesn’t lose to spacies, ever), and he’s taken what were previously considered tough or weird matchups and dramatically improved them (Hbox/puff, Pikachu, falcon), while also being a god at the ditto (taken every major name, including an admittedly rusty M2K). 

The only things stopping him from being GOAT marth would be legacy and longevity: those are both eroding steadily as he continues to dominate, but a lot of people still think he needs a few more years / super majors to indisputably best M2K (or, if you’re one of those people, Ken).
    jesus, props to him, last time i followed it was shortly before his first major win
little did we KNOW!!!!!!!!!!
I did not watch it live, I pulled up the video, did not look at how long it was, then Mang0 lost game 1 and 2 and I was so sad, I was like do I even need to watch this last game? Then I looked at how long the video was, (which I wish I hadn't) and had a preemptive pop off that mang0 was about to win at least 3 games in a row. 


I had no idea how the 2nd set was going to go though. Then on game 10, when Mang0 lost the first two stocks in a row, I closed the video, I was like god damn it's over, I don't want to watch Mang0 choke again. 

Then I took a deep breath, said, well... maybe... and opened it back up, watched the swing in the momentum, and absolutely lost my shit when he won! Such a great set! Zain was playing out of his mind, but then he was also def feeling the pressure, and had a couple SDs in the set, but hey, that's live melee.
There's a beauty with this being the first in-person major post-pandemic too
    And for almost $50k
        And with Mang0 going fox against Zain with the whole fox-marth narrative going around lately
You know I was thinking "well.. it was a decent set.. wish there was less flubbing" but at the same time... what do you expect?  That was a suuuper high pressure set.  Nerves is literally half the battle.  And it wasn't like there weren't insane plays happening ever other engagement.  Insane set.
Fucking lol.  Word
Royal Flush and EVO 2016 in the convo for me
    BH9 GFs with the stream cutting out, Armada’s swansong at Smash Con ‘18 vs m2k, Mango vs Leffen at G4, there really are too many insane sets to choose from
        Mannnnn I forgot the bh9 cut out!!! That was crazy, I was thinking of that set during this gfs for obvious reasons
    Ironically the one that gets bumped from top 10 lists for this is probably Big House 9, since this was the same thing but fox and at the return to lan
    Only thing is royal flush is not an iconic tournament. The stakes and the stage heighten the significance
EVO 2016, how could you forget?
    Evo 2016 is top 5 for me, but not as good as this or apex 15. The mystery of the return of PP for apex and the return to LAN from pandemic both outvalue the (extremely great!) evo 16 gfs
Genesis 1-3, Apex 2015 I think should be rightfully in there.
    Apex 15 is unseatable as #1 for me personally. The entire tournament was perfect leading up to the goat return of Kevin. Man. I get chills thinking about it definitely the best event I’ve watched live (not in person)
Didn’t really start watching until like 2019. Always kind of get bummed out watching the classics thinking about how I couldn’t experience them live without knowing the outcome. Absolutely thrilled I just watched that live
    there is SO MUCH more melee to be played
free
Everyone is remembering the slop from this set because we just watched it, but pretty much every epic set in grands has some spaghetti.  The stakes and pressure make it basically impossible to play flawless melee.
    Also the entire building chanting Mango's name has to hit him a little. I do notice Zain starts to look shakey  in grands tho so many the pressure of the final is his weakness
        I wonder if Zain might be realizing that he's become so dominant so fast that it might make people annoyed with "oh great, another Zain win" like they did with armada...? Must suck to be so new compared to mango and still feel like expectations are on you to easily win and so everybody wants to cheer for an OG god over you
I think it was very close.

Zain is incredibly good, but part of a big tournament is being able to play through the choke
All sets have flubs. a lot of it also comes from mango putting a ton of pressure in zains face and him having to try and deal with it.
If Zain choking still forces mango to play the best he has in a long time and almost beats him? Says something about Zain, eh?
    Also about the matchup IMO 

That said I think a lot of the Zain flubs don’t happen if Mang0 isn’t playing out of his fucking mind
        Word. Mango's insane play forces the likelihood of mistakes. The pressure is toobmuch sometimes.
I agree honestly, this was a very, very  entertaining set, but both players made some pretty bad mistakes. It was super close and fun to watch, but I wouldn’t call it the “greatest”. Maybe I’m just being nit-picky tho. Either way, you shouldn’t be getting downvoted for expressing your opinion :p

Edit: a lot of people have been saying that every high stakes grand finals set has flubs/spaghetti, which is true. That said, this one definitely had more flubs than a lot of the other historic sets.

This kind of reminds me of the Patriots / Falcons super bowl from a few years ago. It was a super awesome game to watch and one of my favorites as a patriots fan, but the Falcons played so shitty in the second half that many will argue it wasn’t “great” game. Again, I think it just comes down semantics and opinion.

Edit 2: I’ve thought about it some more, and I do think I’m not appreciating the context of the set enough. One of the first major “IRL” tourneys with the biggest prize pool ever, and an insane losers run. It was the first tourney I’ve watched in awhile and I assume that’s true for a lot of other people too. Two greatest players in the world down to the last stock. While it wasn’t the best “performance” in a vacuum, I think the argument can be made it was the greatest set.
    Don't let the downvotes from people feeding of hype change your opinion.
Truth is, recency bias and "it's MANGO" is definetely making people react with exaggerated hot takes. As time passes and everyone looks at this set with a cold head, it will be pretty obvious it wasn't that great, very sloppy and spaghetti melee all around. You could argue "context matters" but if that's the case I can think of a million other sets with way higher stakes (besides money, I guess) and crazy atmosphere than this one
        It was a ninja edit, but I hear you. I was thinking that too, had Zain taken that last stock the hype wouldn’t be the same. Honestly most of the reason I loved the set is because I’m a Mang0 fanboy. And yeah, having a crowd definitely would’ve added to the hype.
I cant think of anything better. The stakes, prize pool, drama, the level of technical play, etc etc.
    Agreed
    While some may say Zain wasn't playing his best, and that's probably true, but everyone's gangsta until Loser's Mango is in your face.

This set brought me back to how Mango would play M2K, who equally seemed downright unstoppable in this matchup. And Mango's aggression sometimes made Jason look like he was falling apart.
    It's probably not the highest level grand finals I've ever seen in terms of play but it was still insanely cracked.  But in terms of the overall storyline and just how the sets played out.. Insane.  Complete insanity.  Nothing matches.  You love to see mango pull this out.
        Nothing offline has ever compared to this set before, because mang0 and Zain have pushed Melee to a higher level during the online era than anyone had ever been before.

The best Marth performance in a grand finals ever was probably just SCL 2 week 4 GF set 2.

But these two players simply weren't this cracked before the online era, making this, despite the flubs from the nerves from the ENORMOUS stakes, easily the highest level grand finals played in person.
            Zain made so many flubs. It was extremely hype and mango was on fire. Zains punish game was insane but to say nothing compares in terms of level of play just isn't right imo

I'm happy mango won, but zain choked from pressure in both sets.
                Lack of tech flubs =/= higher level melee. If you or I played Zain and made zero tech flubs against his spaghetti marth from grands we would still certainly get 3-4 stocked. If a player from early 2020 time travelled to summit 11 they would probably lose to both mango and zain despite the apparently sloppy gameplay. They are so good now after a year and a half of grinding like they never have before that even their sloppy B game is higher level than the A game of pre-pandemic pros, in my opinion
                    Very well said
        which set would you say had a higher level of play?
        I personally think the 'level of play', especially from Zain, was higher at the SCL 2 Mang0/Zain grand finals. But I think Mang0 probably did play the best he ever was last night
    I will say that having no crowd loses points in my book. Not getting to see a bunch of people in the background pop off on each stock and at the end of the game takes that little bit away
    plus being the first LAN tourny in over a year with real crowd
    Mang0 v Armad at Royal Flush GF was sick. Also theres a wizzy/zain set where the last stocks are absolutely nuts
        That wizzy/zain set is a clusterfuck tho, theyre both basically at maximum spaghetti. I think Toph even said "That was the best bad melee Ive ever seen" in the commentary lol
            When i read "sudden death" as a medical side-effect, i always think of wizzy just collapsing in his chair at the end of that set. Was actually pretty scary to watch
The greatest melee set of all time, so far. There’s so much more melee to be played
    Good point.

But rememeber, this is the first IRL major after a year of lockdown, that kind of pent up hype will likely not happen again in our lifetime.
    lfg
Yes. The answer is yes.
Stressed out Scar is just the best
Toph saying that this was the sickest grand finals hes ever seen really drove it home for me
    Dude, toph is such a huge meleehead, him saying that reaaaaallllly means something
        I'm hard pressed to think of someone more qualified to make that statement.  He's commentated the sickest top 8s of all time. Him and scar are pretty much the custodians of melee in my mind.
        I've been watching competitive Melee since 2013. This is the best Loser's Bracket run I've ever seen, and the best Grand Finals set I've ever seen. The only thing that could've made it better is a huge crowd, but this was amazing.
            Same and I 100% agree. Never seen a fox move like mang0 last night and probably never will again. Makes me wonder if I even play the same game
I watched with no sound and that was still one of the most insane sets I’ve ever seen
    You should go back and rewatch.
        Definitely will
Yes, except scar got too hyped up and kept legit screaming lmao.
    Yo if you werent also screaming or at least felt like screaming, idk what to say man
        I know I was! But he wasn’t like screaming commentary he was shrieking while toph and Oscar were trying to build the moment! Haha
100% recency bias lollll

Melee has had so many amazing moments this doesn't really come close.
    You guys high on pcp or something lmao
        Nah, just seen a lot of amazing melee moments.

It's just recency bias and the fact there's been no big tournaments for a while.

I think Armadas mediation into 4 stock was different

Or Chudats crazy time at the top again

Or melee donating loads of money to be at Evo

Or just the fact melee has been around for so fucking long.
            Those are all incredible feats from this amazing game (Chudat had wobbling so maybe that should have an asterisk haha) but I have zero doubt that this Melee moment will stand the test of time.  Kinda reminded me of Armada vs Mang0 GF at Royal Flush
He tweeted out this was by far his hardest loss to take. He hasn't lost to a fox on fd in like legitimate years. This is as if a falcon beat mang0 in GF. It's just unheard of and after seeing that mang0 was going to have to do two fd games against zain with fox, i actually lost complete faith in his fox. I was literally pleading please just go fucking falco man. Turns out, this is why mang0 is a god and why i go 2-2 max at tournies lmao
    Hard to feel tooooo bad for zain though.  Compare it to mang0 who has been both literally considered the goat to completely washed, relegated to streamer, a drunk, etc etc.  I have a feeling he's going to just lab the fuck out of fox match-up and we'll be back to seeing second place finishes for a while.  I'm pretty convinced mang will stay fox for the foreseeable future against Zain though and that it's way closer to even than his Falco.  Especially on FD.
        I don't even understand how you begin to lab out those matches. Mang0 did so many unorthodox options, it really just felt like he was reading every single move zain made.
            For the most part it's probably going to be coming up with general game plans to slow down mang0 and he's probably gonna grind punish super hard to the point that if he grabs mang0 he either takes the stock or gets him off stage for an edge guard (which he will also lab for sure lol)
Plus PP potentially on the Horizon. Summit could become a symbol of the gods and their pet mouse.
    PP is not winning a summit
        I'll be laughing at this comment in 2027
        I will never count that man out again. Hiatus and came in with a different main. PP is unreal.
            bro its been 6 years



:(
        I don't see it happening anytime soon. But he's also the only person to take a hiatus and then win a super major as his first tournament back. But this has been a MUCH longer hiatus
Still wishing it had been Wizzy instead 😭😭😭
    Who the fuck is downvoting this, what's wrong with being a wizzyfan109!?
    I'm so happy wizzy had just won SnS right before that summit, otherwise it would've been heartbreaking for either of them to lose
and the largest prize pool in Smash Bros. history
Haha take a look at Leff’s Twitter and you can see he definitely does not agree lol. I do feel for him. Not only can he not attend, his spot as worlds best fox is taken from him without a chance to defend it. That hurts
    Well I did say “almost” a compliment lol. But yeah I’m feeling so sad for leffen and Zain right now. Fortunately the mang0 happiness is outweighing it slightly
        Yeah same. At least zain walks away with a fat stack of cash. Poor leff missed the whole thing didn’t get the massive money they all made in top 8, and the fact that they had a basketball tournament on top? That’s rough man lmao.
    To be fair, Leffen stopped trying to defend it. He gave up on Fox vs Zain and switched to Sheik. Even if Leffen was here, he would never have done what Mango just did because he'd be playing Sheik against Zain instead.
        Honestly it’s hard to say what would have happened in the past year and a half. Leff has been completely out of the game.  Maybe he makes some of these same advances in the matchup if he has the chance, if anyone besides mango is capable it’s Leffen
            I mean Leffen made it clear that he was giving up on the matchup because he thought the matchup was too hard, it was unrelated to him being out of the game. He is convinced Marth dominates Fox so he dropped the matchup, which is why he would never have been able to accomplish what Mango did.

Mango proved hes the best fox regardless of whether or not Leffen is here, since Leffen himself is the one who built up this impossible challenge of beating Zain with Fox. Mango did it in his first try lmao
                I’m not disagreeing with that you’re probably right, just saying that the same time that Mango has been working on it, leff hasn’t even really been able to play with anyone decent besides Pipsqueak and a handful of others while the NA guys get to grind 24/7 with top pros. Not saying Leffen would have done this or not done that, just that he hasn’t had the opportunity to try during this online era
    He will get his shot bit ridiculous to moan and take Mangos win away.
        He’s not taking Mang0’s win away, he’s lamenting that his visa issue has no end in sight and there’s no telling how long it’ll be before he gets to be involved again. That really sucks, if not for the pride factor, for the financial factor that he probably would have walked away from this tournament with 8k+
            Yeah, fair enough. Plus mango goaded that sort of reply from him anyway lol
                Yeah he definitely was antagonizing Leffen but they’ve been doing the podcast long enough and known each other long enough that I’m sure neither of them take it particularly personally
I know everyone’s high off the mango win (me too) but saying undisputed is definitely not correct… Armada DEFINITELY has an argument
    I think armadas claim slips with every mango major. Mango won his first national in 2008 at pound 3 and his most recent major 1 day ago in 2021. Armada was beyond dominant but the longevity of mango is surpassing that dominant stretch quickly.
    Armada may be the BOAT, but Mango is the GOAT.
    The GOAT wouldn't quit. The GOAT lives and breathes melee.
    Mang0 is the main character of Melee.
Not very recently. I’m also pretty sure it’s all about Leffen complaining about fox zain relentlessly and then having argued about it on mango and the 6-4 for a longggg time
    it was very recent. 

https://twitter.com/TSM\_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461
        Dude it's just banter mang0 says the same shit on stream all the time it's not that deep
            I didn't say it was deep but clearly Mang0 was offended.
        Oh that was a direct reply lol they’re just shit talking each other cuz they’re friends that’s not like flaming him lol. That type of thing is just mang being mang. He definitely said that about Leffen afterwards because he beat Zain on fd with fox twice, while Leffen has been complaining it’s unwinnable since sding his last two stocks on dreamland vs zain at summit 9
        [deleted]
            It's not deleted, the person just did a bad job of linking

https://twitter.com/TSM_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461
After winning, the first thing mango said was “this one is for the (folks? Foxes? Not sure lol don’t remember.) the second thing Mango said was “Leffen can suck my fat fucking cock”
That’s why he’s got them tatted on him. The bird and the Fox are just natural to him at this point
    I was suuuuper impressed with his ability to switch today. In the past he's struggled switching mid tourny but he looked clean on both.  Looking forward to more in the future.
M2k CAN, but it was unnecessary. His Marth was better than all his other charsacters
    True. I didn't count pp and m2k as they're not active but both are capable and have been successful dual (in m2k's case like tri/quad) main
    Sheik was just a way to save energy in pools tbh
        Yeah, I thought M2K said at one point (maybe after his summit win) that he only plays Marth when he feels like he's playing great because it's such a hard character to play. So basically we all have this perception that M2K's marth is godly, and it is, but we also only see it when he knows it will be godly.
it's kinda funny, this long saga as a falco main just to go back to essentially what he was doing back in 2016-17 lol
    I do think that Mango solo maining falco forced him to refine his defensive game a massive amount though. It almost goes without saying but  it feels like he's playing so much smarter and analytically than he did back then, and I think focusing on falco is a big part of why.
        I was thinking this so much. I'm a huge Mango Falco fan and it has been so amazing seeing him make his Falco work in the current meta. I didn't expect it to also improve his fox.
PP was Marth/Falco, Armada was Fox/Peach, M2K was Sheik/Marth/Fox. There were a lot of dual mains, Mango just remains one of the last.
Armada, M2K, and PP were able to maintain multiple characters too
    Yes. You're not the first to mention them. They were all absolutely insane with multiple with numerous characters. I guess I kinda meant active players. (I also think it's harder to have 2 characters at a level where they are viable at highest level in 2021 vs 2018 but that's an opinion rather than the fact about the lack of dual mains so I won't really get into that)
        I’m inclined to agree. The defensive meta has been pushed so far in the last few years that it seems harder and harder to maintain multiple characters at the top level
Armada peach/fox I think is a true dual main
[deleted]
What the hell do you mean? He lost 3-1 to both of them.

How is that "one rest away"?
    It could've gone either way
        Mango dismantled hbox imo
            Last game was like 1 hit and then its 2-2, thats a close set anyway you see it

Can't take away Armada's dominance, but in terms of total melee played and the quality of it, This loser's run + Mango's longevity tipped the scales for me.
    Hbox said so too
        Bro even Hbox is a Mango fan nowadays, and I am living for it
            We all are just Melee fans doesn't matter what characters we play

Just GGs nd keep the salt at 🏡
    Yeah, there will probably never be someone who dominates an era as much as Armada did, but we have to be able to reevaluate who the GOAT is. Armada doesn't just get to keep it forever because he says so. Especially if Mang0 keeps winning massive tournaments long after Adam's retirement.
        Yeah it's slipping away, 100%
    yeah

mango 2007 (pound3) - mango 2021 (ss11)

armada 2011 (g2) - armada 2018 (ssc2018)

that's 14 years of top level play vs 7 years; in terms of raw career value i'm easily picking mango over armada

i honestly think hbox at some point has surpassed armada also
        Really not gonna count Genesis 1 for armada where he beat everyone including Mango before losing in grands as top level play? Or Apex, etc? Pretty sure he was undeniably top level at that point.
            sure i guess you could count genesis 1 for armada but then you could go even further back for mango since i'm just counting the period of time in between major championship titles
                Mango would go back one more year I guess.  But Armada crushed a bracket that was literally stacked against him at Genesis 1.  It was definitely top-level play at the time.
                    yeah i guess you're right

so then you'd add two more years on for armada to make it nine years, and compare that to mango's fifteen years
        Armada never losing to a non God except for like one exception or something is a nigh untouchable record of dominance. Also people may think this is controversial but when Armada was playing 4-5 gods were playing + Leffen.
            armada's argument for GOAT hinges on dominance, but as the years go by and the relative level of play increases, his argument will get progressively weaker

like i said before, at some point it'll be 2027 and people will be talking about armada's reign like he was bill russell winning his 11 rings against milkmen and accountants
                I don't really like this because it ignores that other gods would get upset by those "milkmen and accountants" while armada wouldn't. In the 2010s armada lost to 9 unique players, and 3 of those only once, never placing outside of top 6 a single time. That is an unreal level of consistency that no one will ever be able to touch, even if mango's legacy does surpass his due to more time spent in the game.
                    Agreed. I can say that the title of GOAT can mean what people want it to mean (longevity, whatever) but unless Mango can do something similar I think that he will always have a cup he can’t drink from that only Armada can.
                        I mean yes but it goes both ways. I think mango envies armadas past, but armada envies mangos present.
At the end of the day I think we all kinda forgot about ken, will do about armada, and eventually will forget mango when he quits. It's just how it goes
                    Not saying people haven't/don't argue against what you are saying but that isn't really what is going on. Everyone (in this chain) is agreeing that Armada was the greatest of the 2010's but as time goes on his argument for the "of all time" aspect gets weaker and weaker. Just like how people now argue Lebron James, Seth Curry, or Kobe Bryant for GOAT of basketball over MJ now.
            The obvious counterargument to this line of thinking is that it doesn't matter how many gods were competing at that time when several non-gods today are obviously playing at a level of quality beyond what the gods were doing back then
                I guess that’s the only point I would debate. The level of play argument works if you don’t consider that had none of the Gods quit they would also reach said level of play (we have two great examples in this tournament) which means that lower players would be knocked out earlier. Not to mention that in the God to God matchups, Armada does extremely well.

But it’s all speculation and it’s mostly for fun. Truth of the matter is if Armada never quit and Leffen was able to attend everything I speculate that they probably would knock out players like iBDW and Amsa and moky and SFAT, resulting in a more god-saturated top 8. Exceptions obviously can occur. But how tournaments are seeded obviously makes a difference to the outcomes because you may be a player like iBDW who can beat hbox but IMO Armada eats play styles like his alive. Though again, speculation, and not even saying he wouldn’t be able to overcome it. Not to mention that having more character diversity (when the 5 gods were playing, everyone had to know the Peach and Falco matchup)
        Lmao longevity doesn't make someone better than someone else. LeBron isn't better than MJ because he had a longer career. Hbox is not past armada either what the
        Pound 3 was in 2008, not 2007. 13 years of being at the top of competition is an astounding accomplishment however.
It does suck that armada quit when he did and covid just killing thing. Imagine armada Mang0 hbox Leffen and Zain all duking it out for number one the last two years
Armada’s claim is gone. Mango’s longevity is too much.
    ? It’s been like 3 years lol
        Genesis which marks the start of Armada at the global level was mid 2009 and Armada retired in 2018. 3 years is 30% of his time at the global level. 

That’s a shit ton of extra time.
            Less than a third of his prime…? lmao
As a diehard armada fan, it's definitely slipping away. I think people are jumping the gun saying that mang0 is now the definite goat, but he now has a much, much better argument than he's ever had. If he continues at this level, he will be the greatest player of all time.
    Imo it depends on how you want to count online. If you give any weight to it, any at all, then I think it tips in Mang0's favor. If you don't, then it's still in the 'slipping away' point.
        Tbh I think the difference between online and LAN is smaller than the difference between pre ucf and post ucf melee. And much smaller than Rainbow Cruise legal melee. So if we give asterisks for online, we should give asterisks for every era before 2017.
    Yeah recency bias is definitely favoring mango right now in terms of this discussion. Looking back at it, Armada's dominance was insane. However unlike traditional sports, where top player's GOAT status is normally contextualized in their specific era. Due to aging and the longevity of the sport. Melee is getting to a point where a younger generation of players are entering the game, it'll be interesting to watch if Mango can still remain a top 3 player for the forseeable future. As the level of which melee is played at continues to rise aswell.
Yeah, if it’s not too late it’s too late soon.
I agree, but even though Mango won, the both sets felt like an upward battle to counter, anything Zain did. If he touched fox it felt like it hurt 3x more than anything Mango did. Even in the end it went down to the last fucking stock, Zain certainly didn't choke in my opinion,  he lost because Mango has GRINDED the Marth match-up with his fox. The two have gone back and forth since the pandemic.
    Mango balled out hard but Zain def choked and you've got some kind of blinders on if you can't see it lol, Zain missed stuff that is typically automatic and largely independent of what the opponent is doing.  He dropped more chaingrabs in this set than he does in some tournaments for example lol that's not just Mango doing some kind of magic special superhuman DI.
        still I think Mang0 deserves credit for having the composure to capitalize off Zain's mistakes. Insane to play that well staring down the barrel of back to back FDs. So many players would just mentally crumble in that situation (including mang0 at times in the past lol)
        That's a scrub take. Top players regularly talk about how when the other player is playing really hot then a lot of the "automatic" things that you get openings on become easier to drop because the flow of the game itself has gotten so much faster, it can be hard to mentally slow down and focus on your guaranteed punish. Mango was playing faster than any fox Zain has ever played, so yea theres going to be some mental effect on Zain that comes with that. 

Zain still had plenty of insane edgeguards and crazy conversions, just because you can point to him dropping a few follow ups that should be easy doesnt change the fact that overall he was playing at his usual level.
very accurate
Zain is not a doc kid, he was not inspired to start playing by the documentary
Competing is so hard, I couldn't do it. When they showed everyone in the last mintage I was like... Fuck, all these guys want to win so bad, and they can't. Was kinda melancholy
    Dude, even when I'm playing with my friends, sometimes we just mess around and do a super small 8-10 people tournament, and I get nervous as fuck, even when playing against people I use to beat, tournament pressure is fucking real
        I absolutely feel that. Even small tournaments like you said. I once entered a super small like 16 entrant tournament. I made it to winners side of grands. I won in winners finals 3-1. Played the same person in grands, went up 2-0, and then I got reverse 6-0d. The pressure of being in grands is so weird. Even in tiny tournaments.

Also making it to grands, only to take second feels ***SO*** much worse than getting any other placement. At least for me. Like, you were so close to winning it all. But you let it slip away. It's hard to not beat yourself up over that.
            I once missed a perfect bowling game by 2 pins. Still stings to this day.
It was a weird Sinusoidal graph of fluctuation between super flubby melee and absolute godlike play the likes of which has never been seen before. Exemplified what melee is all about to a tee. Best melee set ive ever watched, and ive been watching since like 2014
Stupision.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Stupid decision' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
To be fair a friend asked for my help so I had other things to do, but I had the choice to keep watching if I wanted to.
Zain even got a grab, I thought it was over.
    That's them $50k nerves. That's them prestige nerves. Them facing mang0 on the sickest loser run into one if the most insane grand finals ever nerves.  Zain flubbed a ton but so did mang0.  At first I was a little (emphasis on only a little) disappointed by it and then pulled my head out of my ass and realized of course they have fucking nerves.  No player in either of their shoes would be anything but a heaping plate of spaghetti.  It added to the hype.
        I miss the old mango, the straight from the go mango.
        imagine being in either of their positions and knowing you have to play the best melee of your life right then and if you make one mistake you lose $23k
        Sometimes I genuinely feel like Mang0 can pull off these sick ass losers runs just because in the back of the other players head they're like fuck I wanna see a sick ass Mang0 loser's run I can't win this.
        This was the Smash set with perhaps the most pressure ever behind it. No two players have ever had more stakes behind their set as this grands.
            The only argument I can possibly make is Evo just based on the crowd size/venue/stage? Like maybe the one where hbox ran the reset on Armada, 2016 I think.  But even then I tend to agree with you. This tournament meant a ton.
        It’s really cool to think about the mind games at that level
Yup. This was the first set where I thought to myself, "Oh fuck, this might be better than Apex 2015". At the end of game 9
    One big thing that this tourney was missing imo is a massive hype crowd. The crowd at the summit house was definitely hype in it's own way though. 

Let's see in a few months if this tourney really beat apex 2015 - right now I agree that it is but there is a LOT of recency bias lol.
        I agree, but hearing the excitement from the other attendees at Summit was unusual for a summit event and definitely added to the hype overall lol.

The only thing that pushes this set back is that there were a few technical flubs from both players. A real, perfect set would have both players at their absolute best. This set has everything else going for it though
Over Apex 2015?
    I'll put that in top 5.  I love me some ppmd but not that much.  I think my list would go.


1. Summit 11 (????)

1. Evo 2013 (it was the first stream I watched -- hard not to slot #2)
 
1. Genesis 5 (the one Plup won, I think it was 5?)
 
1. TBH 4 (what can I say I'm a mang0/plup fanboy at the end of the day)
 
1. APEX 2015 / GOML 2016 / Evo 2016 -- hard to say, 3 way tie.
        Would you rank Smash Summit 6/8 quite high? Both those tournaments had bonkers upsets and some of the wildest results ever.

Still cannot get over Axe Wizzrobe grand finals in a tournament with both Mang0 and Hbox.
            Mmmm... good question. I feel satisfied with my top 4 personally. All of this is subjective af of course.  Axe winning summit was pretty fuckin wholesome.  For some reason I felt the level of play was off... no offense to axe or Wizz but to have a falcon Pikachu grands some things needed to have gone wonky.  They were both out of their minds that top 8 though to be fair.  Watching axe overcome with emotion was pretty satisfying. Was summit 6 m2k?  I think I was on vacation in New Orleans for that one so I was only able to watch like wunners finals forward.  I've never been a huge fan of m2k though I respect the shit out of him.

I guess I'd put them like 10 through 15? Somewhere in there? Reason being because there were some royal flushes, other TBH, and other Genesis that I'm really fond of.  Leffens Evo win pretty hype too.
        Where is Big House 9 on your list?
            Up there,  no doubt.  Top 10 easy. TBH4 just had a vibe to it.  It was a particular era of mang0 that was just really flashy and amazing to watch.
            Tbh9 is definitely a contender for top tournament in my mind with one of the best GF's especially. In fact for me it's either that tournament or this one.
Thoughts on where apex 15 sits?
Nah he sits down for his sets now
Okay, okay, I think you take playstyle way too much into account when considering this. I'm sorry, but I simply cannot understand the thought process of ranking PP over M2K, and that line of thinking falls flat upon more examination. First off, your description of M2K's playstyle is a gross misunderstanding and exaggeration of his playstyle, as someone who's analysed and compared both their Marths, both M2K and Zain play for the cheese at the ledge a lot, but it's like saying Hbox's whole playstyle is just floating and bairing, there's so much more to it then that. M2K will mix in dash dancing in place with a sudden burst of movement or am attack, he'll whiff punish, he'll grab you and intentionally combo upwards for the damage or to set into a Ken combo, etc.
Secondly, even if it was correct... so? He still found incredible success, and was the best Marth in the world from 2007-2013, and 2016-2018. Does Zain being the best Marth in the world for 2-3 years, depending on how much you value online, outweigh the factor of M2K literally being the best Marth in the game, for at least, double that time period, arguably more? I'd still say not yet. 
Thirdly, M2K has also played Marth a lot in the ditto, and for the majority of his career, prioritized Marth as his top character (from 2007-2010, 2014, 2016-2019). Sure, he dual mains, but Marth is the character he's played the most. 
Fourthly, M2K has won not 1 or 2, but 6 sets vs Armads with Marth. Twice in 2016, once in 2017, and three times in 2018. Obviously this pales in comparison to other gods, but at least he's on the very short list of people to take a set of Armada, which, Zain isn't. You can argue whether he could've if Armada kept painting  but at the end of the day in our timeline, Zain failed to take a set off Armada. 
Fifthly, to debunk the PPMD argument, PP was also a dual main, and I'd argue only prioritized Marth in 2015, which, he only attended 3 major tournaments. He's also won 3 majors going some amount of Marth, while M2K has won at least double that, winning multiple majors in 2007, 2013, 2016, 2017, and 2018, and only was the best Marth at maximum from 2014-2015, which even then, PP primarily played Falco in 2014, and was ranked lower in 2015.
Lastly, M2K was the definitive best in the world with Marth in 2007, and possibly even 2008. Zain has only been the best player in North America online. It's still very impressive, and he will likely prove himself by the end of the year, but as of right now, it just doesn't have the same impact. He also practically invented the modern style of Marth, in which Zain has built upon with great results.

I'm deeply sorry for the wall of text, but I honestly fail to understand your thought process, on so many accounts, and is even flat out incorrect on a few things.
    [deleted]
        PP would not mainly play Marth, he would primarily play Falco up to 2015-2016, which is the sole exception for this. And even that, he played a lot of Falco that year, specifically at Evo and Canada Cup, He also wasn't very active those years either. M2K has most definitely played more Marth overall than PPMD has. I can see where you're coming from with Zain over M2K, but there is no way at all that PP is a greater Marth all time than M2K . If you're going to take points away from M2K for not solo maining then that's fine, but you'd have to do the same for PPMD as well.

M2K has been playing primarily Marth for longer than PP, has won more major tournaments going Marth then PP, etc.
            [deleted]
                Unlike M2K, PP didn't really choose between Marth or Falco for matchup reasons, it was more how much energy he had or what he was feeling in the moment. He wasn't really truly confident in one specific character in one specific mu. For example, at Evo 2015, PP went pretty much exclusively Falco until top 8, then went exclusively Marth vs Plup's Sheik, then both characters vs Armada and Hungrybox. At Apex, he went pretty much Marth vs everyone except S2J and one set with Armada. As you can see, there isn't really a rhyme or reason for choosing a certain character, it's more a feels based thing.  
Taking away points for not playing Marth in certain mu's is valid, it's just hard to compare because M2K would almost exclusively go Marth vs spacies and Peach, but almost exclusively Sheik vs Sheik and Falcon. For PPMD, he dual mained both from around 2013-2015, he primarily played Falco in 2013-2014, and Marth in 2015-early 2016. So if you had to find a statistic to compare the two on, it would more than likely just be which of their mains they prioritized, in which M2K has prioritize Marth in more years than PPMD has.
jesus, props to him, last time i followed it was shortly before his first major win
And for almost $50k
    And with Mang0 going fox against Zain with the whole fox-marth narrative going around lately
BH9 GFs with the stream cutting out, Armada’s swansong at Smash Con ‘18 vs m2k, Mango vs Leffen at G4, there really are too many insane sets to choose from
    Mannnnn I forgot the bh9 cut out!!! That was crazy, I was thinking of that set during this gfs for obvious reasons
Ironically the one that gets bumped from top 10 lists for this is probably Big House 9, since this was the same thing but fox and at the return to lan
Only thing is royal flush is not an iconic tournament. The stakes and the stage heighten the significance
Evo 2016 is top 5 for me, but not as good as this or apex 15. The mystery of the return of PP for apex and the return to LAN from pandemic both outvalue the (extremely great!) evo 16 gfs
Apex 15 is unseatable as #1 for me personally. The entire tournament was perfect leading up to the goat return of Kevin. Man. I get chills thinking about it definitely the best event I’ve watched live (not in person)
there is SO MUCH more melee to be played
Also the entire building chanting Mango's name has to hit him a little. I do notice Zain starts to look shakey  in grands tho so many the pressure of the final is his weakness
    I wonder if Zain might be realizing that he's become so dominant so fast that it might make people annoyed with "oh great, another Zain win" like they did with armada...? Must suck to be so new compared to mango and still feel like expectations are on you to easily win and so everybody wants to cheer for an OG god over you
Also about the matchup IMO 

That said I think a lot of the Zain flubs don’t happen if Mang0 isn’t playing out of his fucking mind
    Word. Mango's insane play forces the likelihood of mistakes. The pressure is toobmuch sometimes.
Don't let the downvotes from people feeding of hype change your opinion.
Truth is, recency bias and "it's MANGO" is definetely making people react with exaggerated hot takes. As time passes and everyone looks at this set with a cold head, it will be pretty obvious it wasn't that great, very sloppy and spaghetti melee all around. You could argue "context matters" but if that's the case I can think of a million other sets with way higher stakes (besides money, I guess) and crazy atmosphere than this one
    It was a ninja edit, but I hear you. I was thinking that too, had Zain taken that last stock the hype wouldn’t be the same. Honestly most of the reason I loved the set is because I’m a Mang0 fanboy. And yeah, having a crowd definitely would’ve added to the hype.
Agreed
While some may say Zain wasn't playing his best, and that's probably true, but everyone's gangsta until Loser's Mango is in your face.

This set brought me back to how Mango would play M2K, who equally seemed downright unstoppable in this matchup. And Mango's aggression sometimes made Jason look like he was falling apart.
It's probably not the highest level grand finals I've ever seen in terms of play but it was still insanely cracked.  But in terms of the overall storyline and just how the sets played out.. Insane.  Complete insanity.  Nothing matches.  You love to see mango pull this out.
    Nothing offline has ever compared to this set before, because mang0 and Zain have pushed Melee to a higher level during the online era than anyone had ever been before.

The best Marth performance in a grand finals ever was probably just SCL 2 week 4 GF set 2.

But these two players simply weren't this cracked before the online era, making this, despite the flubs from the nerves from the ENORMOUS stakes, easily the highest level grand finals played in person.
        Zain made so many flubs. It was extremely hype and mango was on fire. Zains punish game was insane but to say nothing compares in terms of level of play just isn't right imo

I'm happy mango won, but zain choked from pressure in both sets.
            Lack of tech flubs =/= higher level melee. If you or I played Zain and made zero tech flubs against his spaghetti marth from grands we would still certainly get 3-4 stocked. If a player from early 2020 time travelled to summit 11 they would probably lose to both mango and zain despite the apparently sloppy gameplay. They are so good now after a year and a half of grinding like they never have before that even their sloppy B game is higher level than the A game of pre-pandemic pros, in my opinion
                Very well said
    which set would you say had a higher level of play?
    I personally think the 'level of play', especially from Zain, was higher at the SCL 2 Mang0/Zain grand finals. But I think Mang0 probably did play the best he ever was last night
I will say that having no crowd loses points in my book. Not getting to see a bunch of people in the background pop off on each stock and at the end of the game takes that little bit away
plus being the first LAN tourny in over a year with real crowd
Mang0 v Armad at Royal Flush GF was sick. Also theres a wizzy/zain set where the last stocks are absolutely nuts
    That wizzy/zain set is a clusterfuck tho, theyre both basically at maximum spaghetti. I think Toph even said "That was the best bad melee Ive ever seen" in the commentary lol
        When i read "sudden death" as a medical side-effect, i always think of wizzy just collapsing in his chair at the end of that set. Was actually pretty scary to watch
Good point.

But rememeber, this is the first IRL major after a year of lockdown, that kind of pent up hype will likely not happen again in our lifetime.
lfg
Dude, toph is such a huge meleehead, him saying that reaaaaallllly means something
    I'm hard pressed to think of someone more qualified to make that statement.  He's commentated the sickest top 8s of all time. Him and scar are pretty much the custodians of melee in my mind.
    I've been watching competitive Melee since 2013. This is the best Loser's Bracket run I've ever seen, and the best Grand Finals set I've ever seen. The only thing that could've made it better is a huge crowd, but this was amazing.
        Same and I 100% agree. Never seen a fox move like mang0 last night and probably never will again. Makes me wonder if I even play the same game
You should go back and rewatch.
    Definitely will
Yo if you werent also screaming or at least felt like screaming, idk what to say man
    I know I was! But he wasn’t like screaming commentary he was shrieking while toph and Oscar were trying to build the moment! Haha
You guys high on pcp or something lmao
    Nah, just seen a lot of amazing melee moments.

It's just recency bias and the fact there's been no big tournaments for a while.

I think Armadas mediation into 4 stock was different

Or Chudats crazy time at the top again

Or melee donating loads of money to be at Evo

Or just the fact melee has been around for so fucking long.
        Those are all incredible feats from this amazing game (Chudat had wobbling so maybe that should have an asterisk haha) but I have zero doubt that this Melee moment will stand the test of time.  Kinda reminded me of Armada vs Mang0 GF at Royal Flush
Hard to feel tooooo bad for zain though.  Compare it to mang0 who has been both literally considered the goat to completely washed, relegated to streamer, a drunk, etc etc.  I have a feeling he's going to just lab the fuck out of fox match-up and we'll be back to seeing second place finishes for a while.  I'm pretty convinced mang will stay fox for the foreseeable future against Zain though and that it's way closer to even than his Falco.  Especially on FD.
    I don't even understand how you begin to lab out those matches. Mang0 did so many unorthodox options, it really just felt like he was reading every single move zain made.
        For the most part it's probably going to be coming up with general game plans to slow down mang0 and he's probably gonna grind punish super hard to the point that if he grabs mang0 he either takes the stock or gets him off stage for an edge guard (which he will also lab for sure lol)
PP is not winning a summit
    I'll be laughing at this comment in 2027
    I will never count that man out again. Hiatus and came in with a different main. PP is unreal.
        bro its been 6 years



:(
    I don't see it happening anytime soon. But he's also the only person to take a hiatus and then win a super major as his first tournament back. But this has been a MUCH longer hiatus
Who the fuck is downvoting this, what's wrong with being a wizzyfan109!?
I'm so happy wizzy had just won SnS right before that summit, otherwise it would've been heartbreaking for either of them to lose
Well I did say “almost” a compliment lol. But yeah I’m feeling so sad for leffen and Zain right now. Fortunately the mang0 happiness is outweighing it slightly
    Yeah same. At least zain walks away with a fat stack of cash. Poor leff missed the whole thing didn’t get the massive money they all made in top 8, and the fact that they had a basketball tournament on top? That’s rough man lmao.
To be fair, Leffen stopped trying to defend it. He gave up on Fox vs Zain and switched to Sheik. Even if Leffen was here, he would never have done what Mango just did because he'd be playing Sheik against Zain instead.
    Honestly it’s hard to say what would have happened in the past year and a half. Leff has been completely out of the game.  Maybe he makes some of these same advances in the matchup if he has the chance, if anyone besides mango is capable it’s Leffen
        I mean Leffen made it clear that he was giving up on the matchup because he thought the matchup was too hard, it was unrelated to him being out of the game. He is convinced Marth dominates Fox so he dropped the matchup, which is why he would never have been able to accomplish what Mango did.

Mango proved hes the best fox regardless of whether or not Leffen is here, since Leffen himself is the one who built up this impossible challenge of beating Zain with Fox. Mango did it in his first try lmao
            I’m not disagreeing with that you’re probably right, just saying that the same time that Mango has been working on it, leff hasn’t even really been able to play with anyone decent besides Pipsqueak and a handful of others while the NA guys get to grind 24/7 with top pros. Not saying Leffen would have done this or not done that, just that he hasn’t had the opportunity to try during this online era
He will get his shot bit ridiculous to moan and take Mangos win away.
    He’s not taking Mang0’s win away, he’s lamenting that his visa issue has no end in sight and there’s no telling how long it’ll be before he gets to be involved again. That really sucks, if not for the pride factor, for the financial factor that he probably would have walked away from this tournament with 8k+
        Yeah, fair enough. Plus mango goaded that sort of reply from him anyway lol
            Yeah he definitely was antagonizing Leffen but they’ve been doing the podcast long enough and known each other long enough that I’m sure neither of them take it particularly personally
I think armadas claim slips with every mango major. Mango won his first national in 2008 at pound 3 and his most recent major 1 day ago in 2021. Armada was beyond dominant but the longevity of mango is surpassing that dominant stretch quickly.
Armada may be the BOAT, but Mango is the GOAT.
The GOAT wouldn't quit. The GOAT lives and breathes melee.
Mang0 is the main character of Melee.
it was very recent. 

https://twitter.com/TSM\_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461
    Dude it's just banter mang0 says the same shit on stream all the time it's not that deep
        I didn't say it was deep but clearly Mang0 was offended.
    Oh that was a direct reply lol they’re just shit talking each other cuz they’re friends that’s not like flaming him lol. That type of thing is just mang being mang. He definitely said that about Leffen afterwards because he beat Zain on fd with fox twice, while Leffen has been complaining it’s unwinnable since sding his last two stocks on dreamland vs zain at summit 9
    [deleted]
        It's not deleted, the person just did a bad job of linking

https://twitter.com/TSM_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461
I was suuuuper impressed with his ability to switch today. In the past he's struggled switching mid tourny but he looked clean on both.  Looking forward to more in the future.
True. I didn't count pp and m2k as they're not active but both are capable and have been successful dual (in m2k's case like tri/quad) main
Sheik was just a way to save energy in pools tbh
    Yeah, I thought M2K said at one point (maybe after his summit win) that he only plays Marth when he feels like he's playing great because it's such a hard character to play. So basically we all have this perception that M2K's marth is godly, and it is, but we also only see it when he knows it will be godly.
I do think that Mango solo maining falco forced him to refine his defensive game a massive amount though. It almost goes without saying but  it feels like he's playing so much smarter and analytically than he did back then, and I think focusing on falco is a big part of why.
    I was thinking this so much. I'm a huge Mango Falco fan and it has been so amazing seeing him make his Falco work in the current meta. I didn't expect it to also improve his fox.
Yes. You're not the first to mention them. They were all absolutely insane with multiple with numerous characters. I guess I kinda meant active players. (I also think it's harder to have 2 characters at a level where they are viable at highest level in 2021 vs 2018 but that's an opinion rather than the fact about the lack of dual mains so I won't really get into that)
    I’m inclined to agree. The defensive meta has been pushed so far in the last few years that it seems harder and harder to maintain multiple characters at the top level
It could've gone either way
    Mango dismantled hbox imo
        Last game was like 1 hit and then its 2-2, thats a close set anyway you see it
Hbox said so too
    Bro even Hbox is a Mango fan nowadays, and I am living for it
        We all are just Melee fans doesn't matter what characters we play

Just GGs nd keep the salt at 🏡
Yeah, there will probably never be someone who dominates an era as much as Armada did, but we have to be able to reevaluate who the GOAT is. Armada doesn't just get to keep it forever because he says so. Especially if Mang0 keeps winning massive tournaments long after Adam's retirement.
    Yeah it's slipping away, 100%
yeah

mango 2007 (pound3) - mango 2021 (ss11)

armada 2011 (g2) - armada 2018 (ssc2018)

that's 14 years of top level play vs 7 years; in terms of raw career value i'm easily picking mango over armada

i honestly think hbox at some point has surpassed armada also
    Really not gonna count Genesis 1 for armada where he beat everyone including Mango before losing in grands as top level play? Or Apex, etc? Pretty sure he was undeniably top level at that point.
        sure i guess you could count genesis 1 for armada but then you could go even further back for mango since i'm just counting the period of time in between major championship titles
            Mango would go back one more year I guess.  But Armada crushed a bracket that was literally stacked against him at Genesis 1.  It was definitely top-level play at the time.
                yeah i guess you're right

so then you'd add two more years on for armada to make it nine years, and compare that to mango's fifteen years
    Armada never losing to a non God except for like one exception or something is a nigh untouchable record of dominance. Also people may think this is controversial but when Armada was playing 4-5 gods were playing + Leffen.
        armada's argument for GOAT hinges on dominance, but as the years go by and the relative level of play increases, his argument will get progressively weaker

like i said before, at some point it'll be 2027 and people will be talking about armada's reign like he was bill russell winning his 11 rings against milkmen and accountants
            I don't really like this because it ignores that other gods would get upset by those "milkmen and accountants" while armada wouldn't. In the 2010s armada lost to 9 unique players, and 3 of those only once, never placing outside of top 6 a single time. That is an unreal level of consistency that no one will ever be able to touch, even if mango's legacy does surpass his due to more time spent in the game.
                Agreed. I can say that the title of GOAT can mean what people want it to mean (longevity, whatever) but unless Mango can do something similar I think that he will always have a cup he can’t drink from that only Armada can.
                    I mean yes but it goes both ways. I think mango envies armadas past, but armada envies mangos present.
At the end of the day I think we all kinda forgot about ken, will do about armada, and eventually will forget mango when he quits. It's just how it goes
                Not saying people haven't/don't argue against what you are saying but that isn't really what is going on. Everyone (in this chain) is agreeing that Armada was the greatest of the 2010's but as time goes on his argument for the "of all time" aspect gets weaker and weaker. Just like how people now argue Lebron James, Seth Curry, or Kobe Bryant for GOAT of basketball over MJ now.
        The obvious counterargument to this line of thinking is that it doesn't matter how many gods were competing at that time when several non-gods today are obviously playing at a level of quality beyond what the gods were doing back then
            I guess that’s the only point I would debate. The level of play argument works if you don’t consider that had none of the Gods quit they would also reach said level of play (we have two great examples in this tournament) which means that lower players would be knocked out earlier. Not to mention that in the God to God matchups, Armada does extremely well.

But it’s all speculation and it’s mostly for fun. Truth of the matter is if Armada never quit and Leffen was able to attend everything I speculate that they probably would knock out players like iBDW and Amsa and moky and SFAT, resulting in a more god-saturated top 8. Exceptions obviously can occur. But how tournaments are seeded obviously makes a difference to the outcomes because you may be a player like iBDW who can beat hbox but IMO Armada eats play styles like his alive. Though again, speculation, and not even saying he wouldn’t be able to overcome it. Not to mention that having more character diversity (when the 5 gods were playing, everyone had to know the Peach and Falco matchup)
    Lmao longevity doesn't make someone better than someone else. LeBron isn't better than MJ because he had a longer career. Hbox is not past armada either what the
    Pound 3 was in 2008, not 2007. 13 years of being at the top of competition is an astounding accomplishment however.
? It’s been like 3 years lol
    Genesis which marks the start of Armada at the global level was mid 2009 and Armada retired in 2018. 3 years is 30% of his time at the global level. 

That’s a shit ton of extra time.
        Less than a third of his prime…? lmao
Imo it depends on how you want to count online. If you give any weight to it, any at all, then I think it tips in Mang0's favor. If you don't, then it's still in the 'slipping away' point.
    Tbh I think the difference between online and LAN is smaller than the difference between pre ucf and post ucf melee. And much smaller than Rainbow Cruise legal melee. So if we give asterisks for online, we should give asterisks for every era before 2017.
Yeah recency bias is definitely favoring mango right now in terms of this discussion. Looking back at it, Armada's dominance was insane. However unlike traditional sports, where top player's GOAT status is normally contextualized in their specific era. Due to aging and the longevity of the sport. Melee is getting to a point where a younger generation of players are entering the game, it'll be interesting to watch if Mango can still remain a top 3 player for the forseeable future. As the level of which melee is played at continues to rise aswell.
Mango balled out hard but Zain def choked and you've got some kind of blinders on if you can't see it lol, Zain missed stuff that is typically automatic and largely independent of what the opponent is doing.  He dropped more chaingrabs in this set than he does in some tournaments for example lol that's not just Mango doing some kind of magic special superhuman DI.
    still I think Mang0 deserves credit for having the composure to capitalize off Zain's mistakes. Insane to play that well staring down the barrel of back to back FDs. So many players would just mentally crumble in that situation (including mang0 at times in the past lol)
    That's a scrub take. Top players regularly talk about how when the other player is playing really hot then a lot of the "automatic" things that you get openings on become easier to drop because the flow of the game itself has gotten so much faster, it can be hard to mentally slow down and focus on your guaranteed punish. Mango was playing faster than any fox Zain has ever played, so yea theres going to be some mental effect on Zain that comes with that. 

Zain still had plenty of insane edgeguards and crazy conversions, just because you can point to him dropping a few follow ups that should be easy doesnt change the fact that overall he was playing at his usual level.
Dude, even when I'm playing with my friends, sometimes we just mess around and do a super small 8-10 people tournament, and I get nervous as fuck, even when playing against people I use to beat, tournament pressure is fucking real
    I absolutely feel that. Even small tournaments like you said. I once entered a super small like 16 entrant tournament. I made it to winners side of grands. I won in winners finals 3-1. Played the same person in grands, went up 2-0, and then I got reverse 6-0d. The pressure of being in grands is so weird. Even in tiny tournaments.

Also making it to grands, only to take second feels ***SO*** much worse than getting any other placement. At least for me. Like, you were so close to winning it all. But you let it slip away. It's hard to not beat yourself up over that.
        I once missed a perfect bowling game by 2 pins. Still stings to this day.
That's them $50k nerves. That's them prestige nerves. Them facing mang0 on the sickest loser run into one if the most insane grand finals ever nerves.  Zain flubbed a ton but so did mang0.  At first I was a little (emphasis on only a little) disappointed by it and then pulled my head out of my ass and realized of course they have fucking nerves.  No player in either of their shoes would be anything but a heaping plate of spaghetti.  It added to the hype.
    I miss the old mango, the straight from the go mango.
    imagine being in either of their positions and knowing you have to play the best melee of your life right then and if you make one mistake you lose $23k
    Sometimes I genuinely feel like Mang0 can pull off these sick ass losers runs just because in the back of the other players head they're like fuck I wanna see a sick ass Mang0 loser's run I can't win this.
    This was the Smash set with perhaps the most pressure ever behind it. No two players have ever had more stakes behind their set as this grands.
        The only argument I can possibly make is Evo just based on the crowd size/venue/stage? Like maybe the one where hbox ran the reset on Armada, 2016 I think.  But even then I tend to agree with you. This tournament meant a ton.
    It’s really cool to think about the mind games at that level
One big thing that this tourney was missing imo is a massive hype crowd. The crowd at the summit house was definitely hype in it's own way though. 

Let's see in a few months if this tourney really beat apex 2015 - right now I agree that it is but there is a LOT of recency bias lol.
    I agree, but hearing the excitement from the other attendees at Summit was unusual for a summit event and definitely added to the hype overall lol.

The only thing that pushes this set back is that there were a few technical flubs from both players. A real, perfect set would have both players at their absolute best. This set has everything else going for it though
I'll put that in top 5.  I love me some ppmd but not that much.  I think my list would go.


1. Summit 11 (????)

1. Evo 2013 (it was the first stream I watched -- hard not to slot #2)
 
1. Genesis 5 (the one Plup won, I think it was 5?)
 
1. TBH 4 (what can I say I'm a mang0/plup fanboy at the end of the day)
 
1. APEX 2015 / GOML 2016 / Evo 2016 -- hard to say, 3 way tie.
    Would you rank Smash Summit 6/8 quite high? Both those tournaments had bonkers upsets and some of the wildest results ever.

Still cannot get over Axe Wizzrobe grand finals in a tournament with both Mang0 and Hbox.
        Mmmm... good question. I feel satisfied with my top 4 personally. All of this is subjective af of course.  Axe winning summit was pretty fuckin wholesome.  For some reason I felt the level of play was off... no offense to axe or Wizz but to have a falcon Pikachu grands some things needed to have gone wonky.  They were both out of their minds that top 8 though to be fair.  Watching axe overcome with emotion was pretty satisfying. Was summit 6 m2k?  I think I was on vacation in New Orleans for that one so I was only able to watch like wunners finals forward.  I've never been a huge fan of m2k though I respect the shit out of him.

I guess I'd put them like 10 through 15? Somewhere in there? Reason being because there were some royal flushes, other TBH, and other Genesis that I'm really fond of.  Leffens Evo win pretty hype too.
    Where is Big House 9 on your list?
        Up there,  no doubt.  Top 10 easy. TBH4 just had a vibe to it.  It was a particular era of mang0 that was just really flashy and amazing to watch.
        Tbh9 is definitely a contender for top tournament in my mind with one of the best GF's especially. In fact for me it's either that tournament or this one.
[deleted]
    PP would not mainly play Marth, he would primarily play Falco up to 2015-2016, which is the sole exception for this. And even that, he played a lot of Falco that year, specifically at Evo and Canada Cup, He also wasn't very active those years either. M2K has most definitely played more Marth overall than PPMD has. I can see where you're coming from with Zain over M2K, but there is no way at all that PP is a greater Marth all time than M2K . If you're going to take points away from M2K for not solo maining then that's fine, but you'd have to do the same for PPMD as well.

M2K has been playing primarily Marth for longer than PP, has won more major tournaments going Marth then PP, etc.
        [deleted]
            Unlike M2K, PP didn't really choose between Marth or Falco for matchup reasons, it was more how much energy he had or what he was feeling in the moment. He wasn't really truly confident in one specific character in one specific mu. For example, at Evo 2015, PP went pretty much exclusively Falco until top 8, then went exclusively Marth vs Plup's Sheik, then both characters vs Armada and Hungrybox. At Apex, he went pretty much Marth vs everyone except S2J and one set with Armada. As you can see, there isn't really a rhyme or reason for choosing a certain character, it's more a feels based thing.  
Taking away points for not playing Marth in certain mu's is valid, it's just hard to compare because M2K would almost exclusively go Marth vs spacies and Peach, but almost exclusively Sheik vs Sheik and Falcon. For PPMD, he dual mained both from around 2013-2015, he primarily played Falco in 2013-2014, and Marth in 2015-early 2016. So if you had to find a statistic to compare the two on, it would more than likely just be which of their mains they prioritized, in which M2K has prioritize Marth in more years than PPMD has.
And with Mang0 going fox against Zain with the whole fox-marth narrative going around lately
Mannnnn I forgot the bh9 cut out!!! That was crazy, I was thinking of that set during this gfs for obvious reasons
I wonder if Zain might be realizing that he's become so dominant so fast that it might make people annoyed with "oh great, another Zain win" like they did with armada...? Must suck to be so new compared to mango and still feel like expectations are on you to easily win and so everybody wants to cheer for an OG god over you
Word. Mango's insane play forces the likelihood of mistakes. The pressure is toobmuch sometimes.
It was a ninja edit, but I hear you. I was thinking that too, had Zain taken that last stock the hype wouldn’t be the same. Honestly most of the reason I loved the set is because I’m a Mang0 fanboy. And yeah, having a crowd definitely would’ve added to the hype.
Nothing offline has ever compared to this set before, because mang0 and Zain have pushed Melee to a higher level during the online era than anyone had ever been before.

The best Marth performance in a grand finals ever was probably just SCL 2 week 4 GF set 2.

But these two players simply weren't this cracked before the online era, making this, despite the flubs from the nerves from the ENORMOUS stakes, easily the highest level grand finals played in person.
    Zain made so many flubs. It was extremely hype and mango was on fire. Zains punish game was insane but to say nothing compares in terms of level of play just isn't right imo

I'm happy mango won, but zain choked from pressure in both sets.
        Lack of tech flubs =/= higher level melee. If you or I played Zain and made zero tech flubs against his spaghetti marth from grands we would still certainly get 3-4 stocked. If a player from early 2020 time travelled to summit 11 they would probably lose to both mango and zain despite the apparently sloppy gameplay. They are so good now after a year and a half of grinding like they never have before that even their sloppy B game is higher level than the A game of pre-pandemic pros, in my opinion
            Very well said
which set would you say had a higher level of play?
I personally think the 'level of play', especially from Zain, was higher at the SCL 2 Mang0/Zain grand finals. But I think Mang0 probably did play the best he ever was last night
That wizzy/zain set is a clusterfuck tho, theyre both basically at maximum spaghetti. I think Toph even said "That was the best bad melee Ive ever seen" in the commentary lol
    When i read "sudden death" as a medical side-effect, i always think of wizzy just collapsing in his chair at the end of that set. Was actually pretty scary to watch
I'm hard pressed to think of someone more qualified to make that statement.  He's commentated the sickest top 8s of all time. Him and scar are pretty much the custodians of melee in my mind.
I've been watching competitive Melee since 2013. This is the best Loser's Bracket run I've ever seen, and the best Grand Finals set I've ever seen. The only thing that could've made it better is a huge crowd, but this was amazing.
    Same and I 100% agree. Never seen a fox move like mang0 last night and probably never will again. Makes me wonder if I even play the same game
Definitely will
I know I was! But he wasn’t like screaming commentary he was shrieking while toph and Oscar were trying to build the moment! Haha
Nah, just seen a lot of amazing melee moments.

It's just recency bias and the fact there's been no big tournaments for a while.

I think Armadas mediation into 4 stock was different

Or Chudats crazy time at the top again

Or melee donating loads of money to be at Evo

Or just the fact melee has been around for so fucking long.
    Those are all incredible feats from this amazing game (Chudat had wobbling so maybe that should have an asterisk haha) but I have zero doubt that this Melee moment will stand the test of time.  Kinda reminded me of Armada vs Mang0 GF at Royal Flush
I don't even understand how you begin to lab out those matches. Mang0 did so many unorthodox options, it really just felt like he was reading every single move zain made.
    For the most part it's probably going to be coming up with general game plans to slow down mang0 and he's probably gonna grind punish super hard to the point that if he grabs mang0 he either takes the stock or gets him off stage for an edge guard (which he will also lab for sure lol)
I'll be laughing at this comment in 2027
I will never count that man out again. Hiatus and came in with a different main. PP is unreal.
    bro its been 6 years



:(
I don't see it happening anytime soon. But he's also the only person to take a hiatus and then win a super major as his first tournament back. But this has been a MUCH longer hiatus
Yeah same. At least zain walks away with a fat stack of cash. Poor leff missed the whole thing didn’t get the massive money they all made in top 8, and the fact that they had a basketball tournament on top? That’s rough man lmao.
Honestly it’s hard to say what would have happened in the past year and a half. Leff has been completely out of the game.  Maybe he makes some of these same advances in the matchup if he has the chance, if anyone besides mango is capable it’s Leffen
    I mean Leffen made it clear that he was giving up on the matchup because he thought the matchup was too hard, it was unrelated to him being out of the game. He is convinced Marth dominates Fox so he dropped the matchup, which is why he would never have been able to accomplish what Mango did.

Mango proved hes the best fox regardless of whether or not Leffen is here, since Leffen himself is the one who built up this impossible challenge of beating Zain with Fox. Mango did it in his first try lmao
        I’m not disagreeing with that you’re probably right, just saying that the same time that Mango has been working on it, leff hasn’t even really been able to play with anyone decent besides Pipsqueak and a handful of others while the NA guys get to grind 24/7 with top pros. Not saying Leffen would have done this or not done that, just that he hasn’t had the opportunity to try during this online era
He’s not taking Mang0’s win away, he’s lamenting that his visa issue has no end in sight and there’s no telling how long it’ll be before he gets to be involved again. That really sucks, if not for the pride factor, for the financial factor that he probably would have walked away from this tournament with 8k+
    Yeah, fair enough. Plus mango goaded that sort of reply from him anyway lol
        Yeah he definitely was antagonizing Leffen but they’ve been doing the podcast long enough and known each other long enough that I’m sure neither of them take it particularly personally
Dude it's just banter mang0 says the same shit on stream all the time it's not that deep
    I didn't say it was deep but clearly Mang0 was offended.
Oh that was a direct reply lol they’re just shit talking each other cuz they’re friends that’s not like flaming him lol. That type of thing is just mang being mang. He definitely said that about Leffen afterwards because he beat Zain on fd with fox twice, while Leffen has been complaining it’s unwinnable since sding his last two stocks on dreamland vs zain at summit 9
[deleted]
    It's not deleted, the person just did a bad job of linking

https://twitter.com/TSM_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461
Yeah, I thought M2K said at one point (maybe after his summit win) that he only plays Marth when he feels like he's playing great because it's such a hard character to play. So basically we all have this perception that M2K's marth is godly, and it is, but we also only see it when he knows it will be godly.
I was thinking this so much. I'm a huge Mango Falco fan and it has been so amazing seeing him make his Falco work in the current meta. I didn't expect it to also improve his fox.
I’m inclined to agree. The defensive meta has been pushed so far in the last few years that it seems harder and harder to maintain multiple characters at the top level
Mango dismantled hbox imo
    Last game was like 1 hit and then its 2-2, thats a close set anyway you see it
Bro even Hbox is a Mango fan nowadays, and I am living for it
    We all are just Melee fans doesn't matter what characters we play

Just GGs nd keep the salt at 🏡
Yeah it's slipping away, 100%
Really not gonna count Genesis 1 for armada where he beat everyone including Mango before losing in grands as top level play? Or Apex, etc? Pretty sure he was undeniably top level at that point.
    sure i guess you could count genesis 1 for armada but then you could go even further back for mango since i'm just counting the period of time in between major championship titles
        Mango would go back one more year I guess.  But Armada crushed a bracket that was literally stacked against him at Genesis 1.  It was definitely top-level play at the time.
            yeah i guess you're right

so then you'd add two more years on for armada to make it nine years, and compare that to mango's fifteen years
Armada never losing to a non God except for like one exception or something is a nigh untouchable record of dominance. Also people may think this is controversial but when Armada was playing 4-5 gods were playing + Leffen.
    armada's argument for GOAT hinges on dominance, but as the years go by and the relative level of play increases, his argument will get progressively weaker

like i said before, at some point it'll be 2027 and people will be talking about armada's reign like he was bill russell winning his 11 rings against milkmen and accountants
        I don't really like this because it ignores that other gods would get upset by those "milkmen and accountants" while armada wouldn't. In the 2010s armada lost to 9 unique players, and 3 of those only once, never placing outside of top 6 a single time. That is an unreal level of consistency that no one will ever be able to touch, even if mango's legacy does surpass his due to more time spent in the game.
            Agreed. I can say that the title of GOAT can mean what people want it to mean (longevity, whatever) but unless Mango can do something similar I think that he will always have a cup he can’t drink from that only Armada can.
                I mean yes but it goes both ways. I think mango envies armadas past, but armada envies mangos present.
At the end of the day I think we all kinda forgot about ken, will do about armada, and eventually will forget mango when he quits. It's just how it goes
            Not saying people haven't/don't argue against what you are saying but that isn't really what is going on. Everyone (in this chain) is agreeing that Armada was the greatest of the 2010's but as time goes on his argument for the "of all time" aspect gets weaker and weaker. Just like how people now argue Lebron James, Seth Curry, or Kobe Bryant for GOAT of basketball over MJ now.
    The obvious counterargument to this line of thinking is that it doesn't matter how many gods were competing at that time when several non-gods today are obviously playing at a level of quality beyond what the gods were doing back then
        I guess that’s the only point I would debate. The level of play argument works if you don’t consider that had none of the Gods quit they would also reach said level of play (we have two great examples in this tournament) which means that lower players would be knocked out earlier. Not to mention that in the God to God matchups, Armada does extremely well.

But it’s all speculation and it’s mostly for fun. Truth of the matter is if Armada never quit and Leffen was able to attend everything I speculate that they probably would knock out players like iBDW and Amsa and moky and SFAT, resulting in a more god-saturated top 8. Exceptions obviously can occur. But how tournaments are seeded obviously makes a difference to the outcomes because you may be a player like iBDW who can beat hbox but IMO Armada eats play styles like his alive. Though again, speculation, and not even saying he wouldn’t be able to overcome it. Not to mention that having more character diversity (when the 5 gods were playing, everyone had to know the Peach and Falco matchup)
Lmao longevity doesn't make someone better than someone else. LeBron isn't better than MJ because he had a longer career. Hbox is not past armada either what the
Pound 3 was in 2008, not 2007. 13 years of being at the top of competition is an astounding accomplishment however.
Genesis which marks the start of Armada at the global level was mid 2009 and Armada retired in 2018. 3 years is 30% of his time at the global level. 

That’s a shit ton of extra time.
    Less than a third of his prime…? lmao
Tbh I think the difference between online and LAN is smaller than the difference between pre ucf and post ucf melee. And much smaller than Rainbow Cruise legal melee. So if we give asterisks for online, we should give asterisks for every era before 2017.
still I think Mang0 deserves credit for having the composure to capitalize off Zain's mistakes. Insane to play that well staring down the barrel of back to back FDs. So many players would just mentally crumble in that situation (including mang0 at times in the past lol)
That's a scrub take. Top players regularly talk about how when the other player is playing really hot then a lot of the "automatic" things that you get openings on become easier to drop because the flow of the game itself has gotten so much faster, it can be hard to mentally slow down and focus on your guaranteed punish. Mango was playing faster than any fox Zain has ever played, so yea theres going to be some mental effect on Zain that comes with that. 

Zain still had plenty of insane edgeguards and crazy conversions, just because you can point to him dropping a few follow ups that should be easy doesnt change the fact that overall he was playing at his usual level.
I absolutely feel that. Even small tournaments like you said. I once entered a super small like 16 entrant tournament. I made it to winners side of grands. I won in winners finals 3-1. Played the same person in grands, went up 2-0, and then I got reverse 6-0d. The pressure of being in grands is so weird. Even in tiny tournaments.

Also making it to grands, only to take second feels ***SO*** much worse than getting any other placement. At least for me. Like, you were so close to winning it all. But you let it slip away. It's hard to not beat yourself up over that.
    I once missed a perfect bowling game by 2 pins. Still stings to this day.
I miss the old mango, the straight from the go mango.
imagine being in either of their positions and knowing you have to play the best melee of your life right then and if you make one mistake you lose $23k
Sometimes I genuinely feel like Mang0 can pull off these sick ass losers runs just because in the back of the other players head they're like fuck I wanna see a sick ass Mang0 loser's run I can't win this.
This was the Smash set with perhaps the most pressure ever behind it. No two players have ever had more stakes behind their set as this grands.
    The only argument I can possibly make is Evo just based on the crowd size/venue/stage? Like maybe the one where hbox ran the reset on Armada, 2016 I think.  But even then I tend to agree with you. This tournament meant a ton.
It’s really cool to think about the mind games at that level
I agree, but hearing the excitement from the other attendees at Summit was unusual for a summit event and definitely added to the hype overall lol.

The only thing that pushes this set back is that there were a few technical flubs from both players. A real, perfect set would have both players at their absolute best. This set has everything else going for it though
Would you rank Smash Summit 6/8 quite high? Both those tournaments had bonkers upsets and some of the wildest results ever.

Still cannot get over Axe Wizzrobe grand finals in a tournament with both Mang0 and Hbox.
    Mmmm... good question. I feel satisfied with my top 4 personally. All of this is subjective af of course.  Axe winning summit was pretty fuckin wholesome.  For some reason I felt the level of play was off... no offense to axe or Wizz but to have a falcon Pikachu grands some things needed to have gone wonky.  They were both out of their minds that top 8 though to be fair.  Watching axe overcome with emotion was pretty satisfying. Was summit 6 m2k?  I think I was on vacation in New Orleans for that one so I was only able to watch like wunners finals forward.  I've never been a huge fan of m2k though I respect the shit out of him.

I guess I'd put them like 10 through 15? Somewhere in there? Reason being because there were some royal flushes, other TBH, and other Genesis that I'm really fond of.  Leffens Evo win pretty hype too.
Where is Big House 9 on your list?
    Up there,  no doubt.  Top 10 easy. TBH4 just had a vibe to it.  It was a particular era of mang0 that was just really flashy and amazing to watch.
    Tbh9 is definitely a contender for top tournament in my mind with one of the best GF's especially. In fact for me it's either that tournament or this one.
PP would not mainly play Marth, he would primarily play Falco up to 2015-2016, which is the sole exception for this. And even that, he played a lot of Falco that year, specifically at Evo and Canada Cup, He also wasn't very active those years either. M2K has most definitely played more Marth overall than PPMD has. I can see where you're coming from with Zain over M2K, but there is no way at all that PP is a greater Marth all time than M2K . If you're going to take points away from M2K for not solo maining then that's fine, but you'd have to do the same for PPMD as well.

M2K has been playing primarily Marth for longer than PP, has won more major tournaments going Marth then PP, etc.
    [deleted]
        Unlike M2K, PP didn't really choose between Marth or Falco for matchup reasons, it was more how much energy he had or what he was feeling in the moment. He wasn't really truly confident in one specific character in one specific mu. For example, at Evo 2015, PP went pretty much exclusively Falco until top 8, then went exclusively Marth vs Plup's Sheik, then both characters vs Armada and Hungrybox. At Apex, he went pretty much Marth vs everyone except S2J and one set with Armada. As you can see, there isn't really a rhyme or reason for choosing a certain character, it's more a feels based thing.  
Taking away points for not playing Marth in certain mu's is valid, it's just hard to compare because M2K would almost exclusively go Marth vs spacies and Peach, but almost exclusively Sheik vs Sheik and Falcon. For PPMD, he dual mained both from around 2013-2015, he primarily played Falco in 2013-2014, and Marth in 2015-early 2016. So if you had to find a statistic to compare the two on, it would more than likely just be which of their mains they prioritized, in which M2K has prioritize Marth in more years than PPMD has.
Zain made so many flubs. It was extremely hype and mango was on fire. Zains punish game was insane but to say nothing compares in terms of level of play just isn't right imo

I'm happy mango won, but zain choked from pressure in both sets.
    Lack of tech flubs =/= higher level melee. If you or I played Zain and made zero tech flubs against his spaghetti marth from grands we would still certainly get 3-4 stocked. If a player from early 2020 time travelled to summit 11 they would probably lose to both mango and zain despite the apparently sloppy gameplay. They are so good now after a year and a half of grinding like they never have before that even their sloppy B game is higher level than the A game of pre-pandemic pros, in my opinion
        Very well said
When i read "sudden death" as a medical side-effect, i always think of wizzy just collapsing in his chair at the end of that set. Was actually pretty scary to watch
Same and I 100% agree. Never seen a fox move like mang0 last night and probably never will again. Makes me wonder if I even play the same game
Those are all incredible feats from this amazing game (Chudat had wobbling so maybe that should have an asterisk haha) but I have zero doubt that this Melee moment will stand the test of time.  Kinda reminded me of Armada vs Mang0 GF at Royal Flush
For the most part it's probably going to be coming up with general game plans to slow down mang0 and he's probably gonna grind punish super hard to the point that if he grabs mang0 he either takes the stock or gets him off stage for an edge guard (which he will also lab for sure lol)
bro its been 6 years



:(
I mean Leffen made it clear that he was giving up on the matchup because he thought the matchup was too hard, it was unrelated to him being out of the game. He is convinced Marth dominates Fox so he dropped the matchup, which is why he would never have been able to accomplish what Mango did.

Mango proved hes the best fox regardless of whether or not Leffen is here, since Leffen himself is the one who built up this impossible challenge of beating Zain with Fox. Mango did it in his first try lmao
    I’m not disagreeing with that you’re probably right, just saying that the same time that Mango has been working on it, leff hasn’t even really been able to play with anyone decent besides Pipsqueak and a handful of others while the NA guys get to grind 24/7 with top pros. Not saying Leffen would have done this or not done that, just that he hasn’t had the opportunity to try during this online era
Yeah, fair enough. Plus mango goaded that sort of reply from him anyway lol
    Yeah he definitely was antagonizing Leffen but they’ve been doing the podcast long enough and known each other long enough that I’m sure neither of them take it particularly personally
I didn't say it was deep but clearly Mang0 was offended.
It's not deleted, the person just did a bad job of linking

https://twitter.com/TSM_Leffen/status/1416541188988051461
Last game was like 1 hit and then its 2-2, thats a close set anyway you see it
We all are just Melee fans doesn't matter what characters we play

Just GGs nd keep the salt at 🏡
sure i guess you could count genesis 1 for armada but then you could go even further back for mango since i'm just counting the period of time in between major championship titles
    Mango would go back one more year I guess.  But Armada crushed a bracket that was literally stacked against him at Genesis 1.  It was definitely top-level play at the time.
        yeah i guess you're right

so then you'd add two more years on for armada to make it nine years, and compare that to mango's fifteen years
armada's argument for GOAT hinges on dominance, but as the years go by and the relative level of play increases, his argument will get progressively weaker

like i said before, at some point it'll be 2027 and people will be talking about armada's reign like he was bill russell winning his 11 rings against milkmen and accountants
    I don't really like this because it ignores that other gods would get upset by those "milkmen and accountants" while armada wouldn't. In the 2010s armada lost to 9 unique players, and 3 of those only once, never placing outside of top 6 a single time. That is an unreal level of consistency that no one will ever be able to touch, even if mango's legacy does surpass his due to more time spent in the game.
        Agreed. I can say that the title of GOAT can mean what people want it to mean (longevity, whatever) but unless Mango can do something similar I think that he will always have a cup he can’t drink from that only Armada can.
            I mean yes but it goes both ways. I think mango envies armadas past, but armada envies mangos present.
At the end of the day I think we all kinda forgot about ken, will do about armada, and eventually will forget mango when he quits. It's just how it goes
        Not saying people haven't/don't argue against what you are saying but that isn't really what is going on. Everyone (in this chain) is agreeing that Armada was the greatest of the 2010's but as time goes on his argument for the "of all time" aspect gets weaker and weaker. Just like how people now argue Lebron James, Seth Curry, or Kobe Bryant for GOAT of basketball over MJ now.
The obvious counterargument to this line of thinking is that it doesn't matter how many gods were competing at that time when several non-gods today are obviously playing at a level of quality beyond what the gods were doing back then
    I guess that’s the only point I would debate. The level of play argument works if you don’t consider that had none of the Gods quit they would also reach said level of play (we have two great examples in this tournament) which means that lower players would be knocked out earlier. Not to mention that in the God to God matchups, Armada does extremely well.

But it’s all speculation and it’s mostly for fun. Truth of the matter is if Armada never quit and Leffen was able to attend everything I speculate that they probably would knock out players like iBDW and Amsa and moky and SFAT, resulting in a more god-saturated top 8. Exceptions obviously can occur. But how tournaments are seeded obviously makes a difference to the outcomes because you may be a player like iBDW who can beat hbox but IMO Armada eats play styles like his alive. Though again, speculation, and not even saying he wouldn’t be able to overcome it. Not to mention that having more character diversity (when the 5 gods were playing, everyone had to know the Peach and Falco matchup)
Less than a third of his prime…? lmao
I once missed a perfect bowling game by 2 pins. Still stings to this day.
The only argument I can possibly make is Evo just based on the crowd size/venue/stage? Like maybe the one where hbox ran the reset on Armada, 2016 I think.  But even then I tend to agree with you. This tournament meant a ton.
Mmmm... good question. I feel satisfied with my top 4 personally. All of this is subjective af of course.  Axe winning summit was pretty fuckin wholesome.  For some reason I felt the level of play was off... no offense to axe or Wizz but to have a falcon Pikachu grands some things needed to have gone wonky.  They were both out of their minds that top 8 though to be fair.  Watching axe overcome with emotion was pretty satisfying. Was summit 6 m2k?  I think I was on vacation in New Orleans for that one so I was only able to watch like wunners finals forward.  I've never been a huge fan of m2k though I respect the shit out of him.

I guess I'd put them like 10 through 15? Somewhere in there? Reason being because there were some royal flushes, other TBH, and other Genesis that I'm really fond of.  Leffens Evo win pretty hype too.
Up there,  no doubt.  Top 10 easy. TBH4 just had a vibe to it.  It was a particular era of mang0 that was just really flashy and amazing to watch.
Tbh9 is definitely a contender for top tournament in my mind with one of the best GF's especially. In fact for me it's either that tournament or this one.
[deleted]
    Unlike M2K, PP didn't really choose between Marth or Falco for matchup reasons, it was more how much energy he had or what he was feeling in the moment. He wasn't really truly confident in one specific character in one specific mu. For example, at Evo 2015, PP went pretty much exclusively Falco until top 8, then went exclusively Marth vs Plup's Sheik, then both characters vs Armada and Hungrybox. At Apex, he went pretty much Marth vs everyone except S2J and one set with Armada. As you can see, there isn't really a rhyme or reason for choosing a certain character, it's more a feels based thing.  
Taking away points for not playing Marth in certain mu's is valid, it's just hard to compare because M2K would almost exclusively go Marth vs spacies and Peach, but almost exclusively Sheik vs Sheik and Falcon. For PPMD, he dual mained both from around 2013-2015, he primarily played Falco in 2013-2014, and Marth in 2015-early 2016. So if you had to find a statistic to compare the two on, it would more than likely just be which of their mains they prioritized, in which M2K has prioritize Marth in more years than PPMD has.
Lack of tech flubs =/= higher level melee. If you or I played Zain and made zero tech flubs against his spaghetti marth from grands we would still certainly get 3-4 stocked. If a player from early 2020 time travelled to summit 11 they would probably lose to both mango and zain despite the apparently sloppy gameplay. They are so good now after a year and a half of grinding like they never have before that even their sloppy B game is higher level than the A game of pre-pandemic pros, in my opinion
    Very well said
I’m not disagreeing with that you’re probably right, just saying that the same time that Mango has been working on it, leff hasn’t even really been able to play with anyone decent besides Pipsqueak and a handful of others while the NA guys get to grind 24/7 with top pros. Not saying Leffen would have done this or not done that, just that he hasn’t had the opportunity to try during this online era
Yeah he definitely was antagonizing Leffen but they’ve been doing the podcast long enough and known each other long enough that I’m sure neither of them take it particularly personally
Mango would go back one more year I guess.  But Armada crushed a bracket that was literally stacked against him at Genesis 1.  It was definitely top-level play at the time.
    yeah i guess you're right

so then you'd add two more years on for armada to make it nine years, and compare that to mango's fifteen years
I don't really like this because it ignores that other gods would get upset by those "milkmen and accountants" while armada wouldn't. In the 2010s armada lost to 9 unique players, and 3 of those only once, never placing outside of top 6 a single time. That is an unreal level of consistency that no one will ever be able to touch, even if mango's legacy does surpass his due to more time spent in the game.
    Agreed. I can say that the title of GOAT can mean what people want it to mean (longevity, whatever) but unless Mango can do something similar I think that he will always have a cup he can’t drink from that only Armada can.
        I mean yes but it goes both ways. I think mango envies armadas past, but armada envies mangos present.
At the end of the day I think we all kinda forgot about ken, will do about armada, and eventually will forget mango when he quits. It's just how it goes
    Not saying people haven't/don't argue against what you are saying but that isn't really what is going on. Everyone (in this chain) is agreeing that Armada was the greatest of the 2010's but as time goes on his argument for the "of all time" aspect gets weaker and weaker. Just like how people now argue Lebron James, Seth Curry, or Kobe Bryant for GOAT of basketball over MJ now.
I guess that’s the only point I would debate. The level of play argument works if you don’t consider that had none of the Gods quit they would also reach said level of play (we have two great examples in this tournament) which means that lower players would be knocked out earlier. Not to mention that in the God to God matchups, Armada does extremely well.

But it’s all speculation and it’s mostly for fun. Truth of the matter is if Armada never quit and Leffen was able to attend everything I speculate that they probably would knock out players like iBDW and Amsa and moky and SFAT, resulting in a more god-saturated top 8. Exceptions obviously can occur. But how tournaments are seeded obviously makes a difference to the outcomes because you may be a player like iBDW who can beat hbox but IMO Armada eats play styles like his alive. Though again, speculation, and not even saying he wouldn’t be able to overcome it. Not to mention that having more character diversity (when the 5 gods were playing, everyone had to know the Peach and Falco matchup)
Unlike M2K, PP didn't really choose between Marth or Falco for matchup reasons, it was more how much energy he had or what he was feeling in the moment. He wasn't really truly confident in one specific character in one specific mu. For example, at Evo 2015, PP went pretty much exclusively Falco until top 8, then went exclusively Marth vs Plup's Sheik, then both characters vs Armada and Hungrybox. At Apex, he went pretty much Marth vs everyone except S2J and one set with Armada. As you can see, there isn't really a rhyme or reason for choosing a certain character, it's more a feels based thing.  
Taking away points for not playing Marth in certain mu's is valid, it's just hard to compare because M2K would almost exclusively go Marth vs spacies and Peach, but almost exclusively Sheik vs Sheik and Falcon. For PPMD, he dual mained both from around 2013-2015, he primarily played Falco in 2013-2014, and Marth in 2015-early 2016. So if you had to find a statistic to compare the two on, it would more than likely just be which of their mains they prioritized, in which M2K has prioritize Marth in more years than PPMD has.
Very well said
yeah i guess you're right

so then you'd add two more years on for armada to make it nine years, and compare that to mango's fifteen years
Agreed. I can say that the title of GOAT can mean what people want it to mean (longevity, whatever) but unless Mango can do something similar I think that he will always have a cup he can’t drink from that only Armada can.
    I mean yes but it goes both ways. I think mango envies armadas past, but armada envies mangos present.
At the end of the day I think we all kinda forgot about ken, will do about armada, and eventually will forget mango when he quits. It's just how it goes
Not saying people haven't/don't argue against what you are saying but that isn't really what is going on. Everyone (in this chain) is agreeing that Armada was the greatest of the 2010's but as time goes on his argument for the "of all time" aspect gets weaker and weaker. Just like how people now argue Lebron James, Seth Curry, or Kobe Bryant for GOAT of basketball over MJ now.
I mean yes but it goes both ways. I think mango envies armadas past, but armada envies mangos present.
At the end of the day I think we all kinda forgot about ken, will do about armada, and eventually will forget mango when he quits. It's just how it goes
