[[Experience the new netplay rollback netcode, integrated matchmaking, and more! slippi.gg]]





I hope you all realize that nearly 100% of the FGC would sell a body organ to get rollback netcode in any of their favorite games. Y'all are truly blessed right now.
    /r/Kappa: "Fuck them. Good for them, but fuck them."
        Yeah surprised they were more impressed than anything else
            I never hear them say anything nice so this was a welcomed change lol
        [Why the hell do they hate us so much?](https://i.imgur.com/HfjrCjw.jpg)
            We tend to show up at FGC events but have zero interest in other games, so I imagine it feels like we just "use" their events in a way.

A lot of times our community is younger too so if you include Ultimate so we bring loud annoying people instead of the gross middle aged annoying people they are used to.
                If you exclude Ultimate (which you should), the average age of Melee players is way above most FGC games and especially /r/kappa. The FGC is all DBFZ zoomers now.

This argument applied in like 2005, but not anymore.
                    The thing is they are going to lump us all together because when one shows up, the other usually does. Doesn't really matter if you "should" make a distinction if they don't.
                        This is why it's time for people to realize that players of games like Super Turbo, MvC2, AC+R, etc. have more in common with Melee and 64 players than DBFZ and SFV players, and that Melee and 64 players have more in common with them than Ultimate players. 

Players of classic games need to secede from the babies who play whatever is new because it's new. That won't happen until FGC and Melee oldheads smarten up and abandon the fake Smash vs. FGC dichotomy though.
                            I don't quite see how playing a game that came out recently makes someone a "baby". Ngl the only difference that I can really see between people who play 64 or melee and people that competitively play ultimate is the elitism that comes with playing melee
                    Here's a sneak peek of /r/Kappa using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!

\#1: [1](https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/74718688_10156389702606577_8174431935297224704_n.jpg?_nc_cat=104&_nc_oc=AQkNxKOEZQkFeMsmI62QjWRuCYDUhgeAZ-xauNG7JrN3If3hQke8GUWKYM13j4DPU58&_nc_ht=scontent-arn2-1.xx&oh=6504685fe01c559649ff17acb9a4696f&oe=5E474AD8) | [105 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dv4czg/1/)  
\#2: [1](https://i.redd.it/yms4iiyafuz31.jpg) | [172 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dz21wz/1/)  
\#3: [Leroy Smith cosplay by rapper T-Pain](https://i.redd.it/ytiemulmb1k31.jpg) | [49 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/cyefpi/leroy_smith_cosplay_by_rapper_tpain/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/fpi5i6/blacklist_vii/)
            Not much overlap and they just hate everything now after porn was basically banned over there.
            r/kappa is not representative of the majority of the FGC. Most of the FGC hates r/kappa. They're like a some fighting game centric version of 4chan.
        R/kappa in shambles
    Yeah, it seems the only ones making shit like this in the FGC are pverty fighters players. But Melty caster doesn't have matchmaking tho.
        What? It does lmao, you can use rollback as well
            Last I checked it didn't have in game matchmaking, you needed to use discord or something like that to find matches. And I literally used the Melty caster as an example of rollback.
                Oh I see. My b
    Bless
can we just make fizzi a fucking statue
    I’m speechless. I had heard rumors of rollback in netplay chat but this is literally beyond my dreams. I just don’t even know what to say.  Playing with my high school buddy who lives in Puerto Rico. I’m in Cali. It’s insane. I don’t even know what to say.
Smash only players reacting mildly or confused by this while I'm losing my fucking mind

Melee is literally in the "never dying" category now
    Right?! The rest of the FGC has been begging for this shit for years and most of the big companies haven't bothered to implement rollback because... jeez, who knows. meanwhile the melee fan community casually rolls out rollback for an emulator of a 19 year old game.

To be fair though faster melee netplay was way better than the nintendos netcode for literally every smash game that came out since. so it kinda makes sense if some people dont get it.
    yep, I'll see y'all at Genesis 30, can't wait
        It’ll be baby mango against Armada JR.
        Syrox finally wins 😭
    It did, in fact, gain many many new players ever since this went online! 

Melee is getting *bigger* more than 12 years later, that is incredible. 

Congratulations, Melee.
    I disagree in that the only way to get a good controller (imo, it has to be an original nintendo gamecube or white controller) is like $200+ on ebay. I typically burn thru a controller in 12-18months (stick box worn so can no longer tap jump, triggers sticking, c stick delaying at random or just not coming out.)

Plus the less good first party controllers are going up in price all the time as well.
 This update is still mindblowing tho
        If you're really going to go ahead and drop $200 on an ebay controller that might still suck, you might as well order a custom controller. People like Nez, Typo, Rienne ect can hook you up with an actually good one for less than $150. I do agree with the sentiment that the game is still less accessible due to that limitation, however. If it weren't for the smash 4 and ult controllers the scene might've really struggled (even if those ones suck).
        I have absolutely zero doubt we will be able to manufacture our own controllers if we need to
            Right. At this point I'm basically expecting someone to make a video showing their GC controller 3d printing operation.
        Look for used T3 controllers on ebay. Avoid ones with knock-off sticks. Purple/black/plat are all $35 max. Orange is $35-40. White is $50-60. Emerald is $70. There's absolutely no need to spend $200 on a controller unless you're buying several of them.
            Yeah. Typing in the basic "original gamecube controller" is like gatekeeping yourself, there's thousands of affordable *and well-functioning* ones out there if you know where to look. I got my orange recently for $28 + $5 shipping on ebay.
            Hey, Do you have any other tips on finding Gamecube controllers online? I want to get one for netplay so I'm not well -versed on what to search for.
                Look for the T3 badge https://controllerlibrary.files.wordpress.com/2020/05/image5.jpg

Look for ones that don't seem to have a lot of wear on them. If there aren't full pics of the controller, request them from the seller or ignore the listing.

Make sure the sticks/buttons are OEM. Knock-off sticks tend to have a shinier than normal plastic, and knock-off buttons tend to look a bit off. Message the seller if you aren't sure.

Some sellers will comment on the tightness of the sticks in either the listing title or the description. Tighter is better.

The prices I put in my previous comment should be about the max you pay for each color after shipping + tax. You can go above them by a few dollars, but anything more would be overpaying.
        Have you looked at B0XX.com? I'm saving up. That's still going to be there when all GCCs have died.
            While you're saving, also check out the [smash stick](http://www.altlabcontrollers.com) so you know all your options. I've been very excited for this for almost a year and the Kickstarter begins in July. It's like a fight stick, but with a custom-made analog stick that is supposed to feel amazing and last indefinitely. Def check out their discord for questions, lots of people are happy to answer
                I'm definitely familiar! It's a really cool concept, but I'm trying to save my hands in the process. Having an arcade stick of any kind, as opposed to the digital inputs, would cause more harm than good for me at this point. I'm obviously still happy for anyone who wants to play that way!
                    I've actually been wondering about this. I couldn't find much about the ergonomics of fight sticks. I assume it must be better than that of a GameCube controller, even just for the stick, since you use your whole hand/wrist/arm rather than just your thumb. I thought it would be ergonomically similar to a mouse, bit I wasn't actually sure. I don't even know if buttons are that great, since people definitely get hand issues from working at keyboards too, but I feel like it's, like many things related to health, very difficult to get solid and consistent answers about it. Either has got to be better than a gc controller though, lol
                        Basically, I'd say the issue is demand on your hands for speed and repetitive motions that don't feel good over time, especially without proper stretching. It's kinda made for the hands of a kid, really, so naturally there's going to be issues.
                I just can't tell from the black background, but does it not have notches? If it doesn't, then that's really going to be a big annoyance for anyone trying to have precise angles, shield dropping, or consistent wavedash lengths.
                    It does have an octangular gate and is specifically made to have shield drop notches on both sides. I definitely recommend checking out the discord if you're interested. Lots of people more knowledgeable than I am can tell you a lot about the decisions made for it. After asking for a bit, it's become clear to me that a lot of care was put into making this.
                        Ah great, thanks for letting me know! :) I'll definitely have to give it a look. Hopefully it will be a successful hybrid between a GC controller and the box.
                sorry for ur loss
        I highly doubt most people burn through controllers in average melee use in the time that you do.
        I mean ucf is pretty standard now so that brings down the controller barrier quite a bit. Don’t have to worry about dash backs or shield drops
        Once people make it easy to use more modern controllers for Melee it's all over.
            Why? This sounds like it would solve a problem in the scene.
                Yeah am saying the reign of the GameCube controller is all over.
        Look up multishine controllers.  They make custom gamecube controllers built specifically for competitive smash play
        GameStop sells controllers for like $30 and they're more than serviceable.
            [deleted]
                If you go anything worse than 2-2 in bracket, a controller isn't holding you back in any way unless it's broken.
                    [deleted]
                        Spoken like a real stream monster
    Was always in the never dying category, melee will always survive.
Rollback netcode for melee? HOLY SHIT

I had been dreaming about this and thinking about what it might take. I didn't hear anyone working on it so I thought it might be a 3+ year from now or never type of deal. Y'all are insane and amazing. Proper rollback has the potential to transform the melee scene, making it easier than ever before to improve no matter where you live and making it easier to get into melee. Cheers and long live melee

I am curious how netplay will work in practice tho. In theory it feels less suited to melee than other fighting games with notable move startup lag. Frequent ping spikes with frame-1 rest/shine rollback and skipping crucial early-frame visual reaction triggers could be really disorienting
    Would you mind explaining what the importance of rollback netcode is? I haven’t played netplay in a couple years so I’m a bit out of the loop.  I assume it’s a good thing.
        To quote Leffen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbZV8u6-hA
> Rollback netcode is the biggest thing to happen to the melee community since the documentary 

The main disadvantage of delay-based netcode is, with farther distance or higher ping, the game is jittery and feels bad to play. In practice for ssbm, this has limited netplay to about a 500 mile radius around you -- enough to play a few states away, but some regions like Mexico get screwed due to how the internet lines are laid out underwater/underground. 

Rollback netcode guarantees that if both players computers can run ssbm at 60 fps normally, then your netplay will run at 60 fps *always*. This is awesome for fighting games where executing combos takes specific inputs and specific timing, and random lag can mess you up and make you the combo food instead. The game will never slow down due to internet lag. Rollback netcode also in practice lets you play much farther distances with high quality gameplay, across the country or even across oceans. The [slippi video introducing rollback netcode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzawZ2nanu0&feature=youtu.be) entertains the possibility of Japan-US netplay, which would never have been possible with delay-based netcode.

For more details (such as implementation), this article https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2019/10/explaining-how-fighting-games-use-delay-based-and-rollback-netcode/ is fantastic -- quite thorough, and easy to understand.
            Does this mean we can have actually decent nationals again? Is this the beginning of a new netplay renaissance?
                I think so
                    Melee is saved!
            Holy shit this is amazing
            Rollback seems great for predicting games with routine input command combinations such as quarter circle motions, but I’m skeptical as to how it’s going to predict a game like melee without constantly rolling back to update opponents actions/positioning. It’s going to feel better as far as input execution goes, but neutral is surely going to be muddied up with jittery opponents seemingly teleporting short distances, on most player’s connections.    
Spacing in neutral is going to still suffer, on most player’s connections.    
    
Just seems like all the technicalities of melee that make rollback a great experience for the player, makes the actual rolling back more glaring when compared to other fighting games.    
    
Edit: I installed and played. It’s fantastic. 100+ ping is rough, but not any worse than the average netplay experience without rollback.    
Under 50 ping plays flawlessly, and neutral is preserved.    
Characters no longer receive netplay buffs.
                I tried it already and it works great. I couldn't wait so I even tried it on my work VPN so I had 100+ ping and while rollback certainly was happening occassionally, it was not that noticeable, and didn't affect neutral at all.

I think the 2 frame buffer would suppress nearly all visible rollback for most connections within 110 ping as the devs describe in their introductory video. Above that, of course frequent rollback would get pretty annoying. But it should work great for most connections in a reasonable distance.

You should just try it imo instead of theorycrafting critiques
                Nah, it looks and plays really good, little to no stutter most of the time for me.
        To give a specific example of how rollback tries to hide/minimize lag, I'll give a specific example. The main concept of rollback is you have a set input delay (like when you set your buffer. For close connections the default is 2 frames, for Leffen vs KJH they were trying out 3 frames), this delay will be much lower than your buffer for 'delay based' netcode (what Melee netplay used to use). **The game will predict what you are going to do, and whenever its wrong it rolls back  and reruns the game with the newly recieved inputs**.

So what does that mean? Lets say your opponent inputs a dash forward that lasts 10 frames, then inputs a dash back. The game reads their dash and shows it to you, and assumes they are going to keep holding forward, which ends up being true for those 10 frames. On frame 11 it still thinks they are dashing forward, on frame 12 it still thinks so, but then right before frame 13 gets displayed it gets their dash back input (the one on frame 10). So it rolls back 2 frames (ie loads a save state), then runs the game forward with the newly received inputs and catches back up to the 'present'. Visually, you would see their dash forward for 2 frames 'too long', then they would visually teleport when the game rolls back and does the dash back.

tl;dr In other words, to put it really simply: rollback is able to 'cheat' the system and make you have less input delay than is necessary. Say you would need 4f of input delay for a delay based netcode, but you run 2f of delay on rollback. It gets away with this by predicting what your inputs will be (assuming you are going to continue to do what you were doing the frame before, which will be correct a lot of the time) and rolling back when it actually gets the inputs. Visually this results in slight teleporting when you do things like input a dash, but the end result is a much smoother experience with less lag. It sounds like teleporting would be really annoying to deal with, but its much better than the alternatives and its a lot less noticeable than you think.
            >but its much better than the alternatives and its a lot less noticeable than you think.

Especially given that it combines rollback with a fixed delay, which is sufficient enough to prevent most rollback situations in the first place
                AND because of Faster Melee, the overall delay is actually less than playing in person, on a CRT anyways.

This work is astounding, there is no other word for it.
        Same, I would appreciate the explanation
            [Long version](http://ki.infil.net/w02-netcode.html)

Short version: say goodbye to client side latency as you now play on offline level quality (hell, even better considering Dolphin has 4f fewer delay than physical) at quadruple the size of the previous range where playing online was acceptable.

This is the single most important event since the game's release
            Hopefully someone will come along with a more knowledgeable explanation but in the meantime: rollback basically extrapolates what you'll be doing in a few frames from what you're doing now. This is useful because if you lag during those few frames, rollback will use the extrapolated frames, meaning neither player should "feel" lag even when lag is there.

Edit: forgot to mention the most important part, that inputs which should have been received during those laggy frames are retroactively applied, or "rolled back."
    I feel like it is even more important right now during corona times as the world tour has been on hold, it helps Melee to stay competitive during a year of downphase
        hell yeah
    [removed]
        Who thinks they are clever for making these bots its fucking annoying
            What was the bot? If you don't mind
            /u/undeleteparent
                UNDELETED comment: 

>#PROFANITY DETECTED: "for"!
>
>This type of language is not exceptable on Rebbit and needs to be deleted. delicious_truffles have been given 1 fraction point and have been reported. If delicious_truffles gets 3 fraction points, delicious_truffles will get deleted and banished from Rebbit!

I am a bot

^please ^pm ^me ^if ^I ^mess ^up

---

consider [supporting me?](https://paypal.me/undeleteparent)
                    Jeez
        bad bot
        Shut up bot
        Go fuck yourself in your fat fuckin ass
This is fucking insane, I cannot imagine how many hours went into this.  Fizzi is truly a god coder among men, people have been talking about this for years but it never seemed remotely doable.

Does anyone have any good videos of what high ping matches look like now?  I wonder if there will still be "netplay specialist" players who are better online, or if lag will be so minor that it doesn't matter.
     [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbZV8u6-hA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbZV8u6-hA) 

Leffen samples this out with Zain (140 ping) at the beginning.
    Leffen played with Kalindi and said he could RTC fine and it basically felt like old, < 60 ping netplay except it was across the fucking Atlantic
        Do you remember what frame delay he played on with KJH? I saw he played at 4 when playing Salvato and 3 when playing Zain so I assume it has some impact on making the lag more bearable but honestly unsure on that aspect.
[deleted]
    Rona Rumble USA
        Rona rumble world
            Rona Rumble World Tour
        Great, now I’m going to be back to going 0-2 every tournament. Fuck Slippi and fuck rollback netcode

 /s
        In all seriousness with all the work Brandon has been putting in I hope he is able to be one of the first hype US online tournaments.
Just in time for LACS2 holy shit..
    I think LACS2 had this in mind the whole time. I don't think Ludwig was joking around now when talking about the biggest tournament of the year, big netplay tournaments have been very hit or miss but now I think we'll just be seeing hits.
        I liked it when Lud showed something to Zain and Zain's response was, "holy shit. for real?" 

I think there is something big thats about to go down for melee, and somehow Lud is gonna get even bigger through it lmfao
            Lud played in a chess tournament didn't win yet somehow also got bigger from that. Everything he does becomes a mogul move.
                Regularly like 70-80k watched the pogchamps, chess is a lowkey wave rn i think leffen has it as a subgoal too
                    Chess rollback when
                        In some of the faster game modes (60 seconds and less), latency actually starts mattering. I watch a Chess streamer named PenguinZ known for his extremely rapid play and when he does 15 second chess it often comes down to who has lower ping to the server to slam out pre-moves.

Here's an example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2AMN9tHSB0
                            Wow that's actually really interesting. Thanks for sharing!
                                Happy to! Chess has really changed a lot in the age of the internet. Twitch, lichess and chess.com have changed the way people play dramatically.
                Lud was exactly what that tournament needed. He provided the naive "asks the stupid questions most people were probably also thinking" perspective while being hilariously entertaining. Hikaru and Botez were great but they needed that little bit of silly, comedic relief to help make the game more accessible.
                His consolation bracket finals was the last match of the final day and the official stream crashed so they hosted him with like 60k viewers. If the average twitch viewer didn't know him before they definitely do now.
Honestly I was severely depressed today and this news saved my day
    Keep your head up king, there's so much more melee to be played
    Melee needs you. Stay strong homie❤👍
Holy shit my dudes.

Not a week ago myself and a few buddies were talking about the kind of engineering problems you'd have to solve to modify Melee to support some kind of rollback solution and kind of talked ourselves out of it ever being a thing.  It's too complicated and too difficult to test (is what we told ourselves...)

I have never been SO happy to be wrong in my life.

What an accomplishment, and what a massive boon for the community.  You guys are legends.
    I really hope he writes a dev diary or something talking about the engineering that went into this. I can't believe he did this..
        Ditto - I'm very curious as to what the approach was.

Actually, I'd love to see it as a GDC talk!
Rollback in melee? Matchmaking? This could be a game changer.

I'm pretty into a lot of fighting games but never really gave melee a try, I live like an hour away from anyone else who plays and the online seemed questionable at best. If this works half as good as I suspect it will I'll definitely be giving melee a try soon. Always really liked the movement and the idea behind it, and even though I did practice a little alone a while back I never got into playing against other people.

Really hoping this inspires a lot of other people to pick it up and try it out too, would be really fun if other bad players like myself started playing and could actually play each other through an in game matchmaker. Watched Leffen's video on it and it really looks pretty fantastic.
Can't believe Fizzi did this in 6 months
    Billion dollar companies \[Nintendo\]: "Yeah this isn't in line with our Q3 goals, let's release some shitty DLC characters and cash out"

One madman:
Melee community remains unfuckwitable. Whatever we need, we'll work it out. Fizzi is a fucking god and I hope people do some fundraising for him.

Online will never be on par with offline, but this will give a level of legitimacy and consistency to online that we just haven't had until now. 99% of players were already on board with Netplay, now everyone will be. As netplay tournies become household names, we'll be able to get our twitch streaming numbers up on a regular basis, and that'll lead to growth. Everyone who plays Melee has something to stream now too.
    I dunno dude, there are plenty of fuckwits in the community.
        There are, and they shouldn't get a pass just because they're a part of our community. Fuck all the edgelords who think they're hilarious mocking Magi any time she's on stream for example.

But generally speaking, I think we have a great community (compared to other gaming communities anyway). I get the sense that because we're probably a bit older on average compared to, say, the Ult community, sets us apart from the rest.
The GOAT
I dropped melee for almost 2 months because my internet is bad but I see this and i'm tearing up
    I dropped it for 5 years. Time to learn how the kids do this netplay stuff.
ROLLBACK POG NOW SAJAM HAS TO PLAY IT
    And he thought his hands were fucked before... he has no idea what’s in store.
What does rollback netcode means? Is it great? I'm assuming it is based on the other comments
    > The previous system is called "delay-based netcode". In delay based netcode when your opponent's controller inputs are late for a given frame, the game stalls and waits for the input—causing jitters and dropped inputs. In rollback, the game does not stall. Instead it continues to play with the opponent's last known input and then once the input does come in, it re-simulates the game using the corrected inputs.

Here's a good video on it as well: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RI5scXYhK0
        Thank you!
Looks like Melee Online finally happened lol
    Holy shit I forgot about that until just now.
Any time line for when the Linux build will be available?
    Wondering the same thing. Setting up a windows partition on my computer right now since this looks lit as fuck
        You following some guide? I'm running Ubuntu 20.04 but haven't made a windows partition from Linux ever, just a Linux partition from windows
            Still working on it (got distracted for a while) but if I figure it out I can PM the stuff I’ve read if you’d like.
                That'd be amazing, thanks
                    Okay, it actually wasn't that bad. High level overview of what I used:

[Rufus](https://rufus.ie/) on a Windows laptop to make the bootable Windows USB drive (There might be a Linux alternative but I've used Rufus in the past and it lets you download an official Windows 10 iso within the app).

[Gparted](https://gparted.org/) to shrink my Linux partition down to make room for the Windows partition. 

From there, I used booted from the Windows USB drive and it installed with no issues. I can definitely provide more detailed guidance if you'd like, but really all I did was follow the guides in the two linked websites so they're probably more helpful than I would be haha. Good luck!


EDIT: so the Ubuntu partition won’t boot anymore, so maybe this wasn’t as easy as I thought. I don’t have anything important on there but if you do maybe back up or be a bit more careful
    I saw on twitter it should be a couple weeks. I wonder if the source can be available sooner so we can build it ourself.
        Honestly, I’ll believe it when I see it. Usually “coming soon” means “in five years or maybe never”. 

It feels pretty shitty that this happened mid-quarantine, and I already had to drop from a tournament because I can’t use the new build.
            coming soon in a few weeks at most. the team is working hard to make it a reality on other OSes but feature parity is hard.
            Yeah I wish the source was open - I built my Linux Slippi r18 build from source and it was pretty easy (just took a simple shell.nix and a lil bit of patching)
            Source code should be available later tonight according to Fizzi (the guy who made it), and release should be later this week.
                I assume the source is that Ishiiruka fork in the project? Any idea if I need to do anything besides build Dolphin in there for all this to work?
                    I'm attempting to build [Ishiiruka HEAD](https://github.com/project-slippi/Ishiiruka/commit/6f5f0d9f3c22658513c6a25607c6f52b0d38ad16) now. Dunno if this, but it was updated last night.

I'm building it with Nix. I'm piggypacking on [`dolphinEmuMaster` in nixpkgs](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/4398e9e346c1f127415d3d76afae3bdfe6e4e300/pkgs/misc/emulators/dolphin-emu/master.nix) and just overriding `src` and a few other things to get it building. We'll see how it goes!

cc /u/Yoyoeat /u/Eleanimyst /u/OrgulousOgre

EDIT: I was able to build it..but then when I try to run my Melee iso it seg faults :|

EDIT2: I used my same derivation to build `r18` (`1ef6f7bfc12e8566153054e6c964111da44f9125`) and it all worked fine. Hmm.
                        Did you get it working? Trying to build from source on Mac
                            Yeah I did get it working. I'll build 2.1.0 and then share my Nix derivation.

Check out the slippi discord. The dev-general channel has discussion of people building from source on Mac and Linux.
                                My fuckin man, thanks dude
                                    [https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix](https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix) Here's what I use to build it! I just built 2.1.1 right now and was able to log-in using the steps I put in the README.

[More details in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/hiiln1/project_slippi_210_release_notes_ps1_now_enabled/fwjdlwm/)
    Question, why do you use Linux?
        I've been full time linux since ~2012 with no regrets, although about a year ago I conceded and setup a hardware-isolated Windows VM for games and VR stuff. I code/data science for a living and Linux is just way nicer to... actually program on.

The best part about being on linux is package management tbh
            Have you tried running slippi on a VM? Was wondering if that'd have noticeable lag
                With how I have my VM setup there's no extra lag at all. It's hardware-isolated, so when it's running it has a dedicated GPU, 2 dedicated cpu cores, its own ethernet connection, etc. It's almost a completely separate computer. 

If you were just quickly throwing up like vmware or something, you could definitely introduce display lag, but you wouldn't have to go as far as I have to fix that. I'm just not sure if the default display +cpu settings would be perfect.
                    Is there any link you could provide so I could do a similar set up? Would rather not have to partition my hard drive just to run this
                        https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/PCI_passthrough_via_OVMF

This is mostly what I've done, obviously it's arch-specific but the arch wiki is just too good.
        Open source, gives me full control over my system, free (as in beer), fantastic support for command line and programming environments, a community of builders and sharers, more stable, more secure.

Also it doesn't repeatedly force install Microsoft Edge without my permission because why in the world would I ever use that piece of shit, stop.
        In my case, I found that the Wii U adapter only has a 125hz polling rate on Windows, and there's no way to change the rate. But on Linux there's a way to overclock the adapter to 500hz which helps with input consistency. There's also an issue on Ryzen CPUs on Windows where it drops inputs, but it doesn't have that issue on Linux.
        CS student and my school's department machines use Linux so it just made life easier. Pretty much everything I used was available for Linux until now so I didn't see a point in dual booting
I can't wait to try this out. Matchmaking being built into the game is wild.

EDIT: Still a big laggy and inputs feel off :( I'm sure it will improve with time

EDIT2: Had to use my adapter in PC mode & adjust Dolphin settings, now it works flawlessly. This is dope.
    I was looking to see if anyone else had a similar experience. The client itself is amazing, but it feels like 8 buffer (without the spikes, what a Godsend). I'm gonna see if my phone slow-mo can see if 6 buffer r18 is faster than the rollback code in 2.0.
        6 vs 8 buffer shouldnt be a complaint, as the lag reduction and 120hz monitor can reduce up to 2 frames already, effectively making 2F = 0F, which is way better than Killer Instinct with 3F (very popular rollback fg)
            That was one thing I needed to mention: I don't have a 120hz monitor. I guess I'm due for an upgrade, thanks for the reminder, as I clearly forgot about this factor.
                I got one a few months ago and the difference is staggering
        yea it defaults to 8 buffer
        (yes I fullscreened the game and will test with ultra, on and off low latency modes with the Nvidia Control Panel)
            Do you have the mayflash adapater or a ryzen CPU?
                I have both, does that cause problems for the game?
                    ryzen is known to have some problems
                I have neither, but I DON'T have a 120hz monitor, so I guess I'm due for an upgrade.
                Is mayflash an issue?
                    Shouldn't be. I've had issues with it causing input lag when on WiiU mode, but I switched to PC mode and it works fine.
    laggy like frame drops? what cpu do you have?
        I fixed it. I had to tweak Dolphin a bit, and I had to use my adapter on PC mode.
            weird, I thought pc mode makes the gc controller a standard controller instead of "gamecube adapter for wiiu"
                It does, but I find it less input lag for me. Oh well.
Woah does Smashladder have competition now?
    Smashladder doesn't compete with Slippi, it's just a matchmaking/ranking service. Smashladder uses Slippi already as one of the applicable builds.

Edit - Slippi is planning on implementing ranked matchmaking, so then maybe.
        [deleted]
            Not ranked. Not yet, anyway.
        Oh I thought this website was matchmaking for Slippi
        Will Slippi use SmashLadder for it's ranking though, or will it create a separate ladder?
            I imagine Smashladder will just be used to display the built in Slippi ranked when it’s made.
    I'd assume they'd still use Smashladder for matchmaking behind the scenes. Wouldn't make a lot of sense to re-invent the wheel when there's already a massive community on Anthers. I could be wrong though.
        Just tested it out - it has a separate ID system integrated within the game itself. Doesn't seem like it'll use Anther's.
I'm speechless dude, this is incredible!
I've been playing Rivals because the netcode is so good that it dropped my connection to my brother from 80 ping to 30 on their new netcode.

We could never really play Melee together because at 80+ ping it was just too much input delay we had to have it at like buffer 8 just to make it even run.

But with this it might have almost as good of a connection as Rivals, maybe even better. 

This is amazing. Everyone who can go throw money at Fizzi
    It is better. Check out [this post](https://steamcommunity.com/games/383980/announcements/detail/2782582411957569639) near the end about rollback if you're interested, but tldr is that they spent a lot of time trying to do it, but ultimately gave up
This is fucking insane holy shit
Has anyone figured out how to chat with someone you're playing in game yet
    This does not use dolphin netplay so you probably cannot chat (a good thing imo lol)
    I miss saying gg's too, or telling the other person if im going to get water or something. idk I really liked how personal it was on anthers, I feel like it was closer to what im used to in locals and stuff. If anyone figures out how to chat please lmk
    My thought is to just use smashladder & direct connect
    That’s always been a thing, it’s one of the options in the Dolphin hotkeys.


EDIT : Forget my two comments. I was wrong.
        yeah 'y' isn't working to bring up a chat anymore
            You can probably just change it to another key
Holy shit.

Holy shit.
Sounds cool. If anyone can try and post video of what it looks like i would be erect.
     Leffens vid: https://youtu.be/erbZV8u6-hAb
        Full mast thank you.
        Huh, that link gives me an error. Take out the b at the end i think
            Odd it works for me, are you on mobile or desktop?
                I'm on mobile

Other people linked the video though so no worries
Been playing on this & it feels pretty amazing !
For solo play, should we still host netplay lobby and set a buffer?
I love how Melee online is now becoming 1000 times better than Ultimate's, this is insane ! This game will never die and that's dope
love to see it
I wonder if, eventually, nationwide tournaments could be run through this interface. Like how big would a tournament be if everyone in the country could enter from their own home? Prize support would be incredible.
    Even better would be online pools followed by in person top 64 with guaranteed prize pools large enough to make sure everyone who qualifies can attend.
This is amazing, I love the integrated matchmaking, it gets rid of all the anxiety of having to host and look for an opponent lol. Now i can just hit a button and wait to be matched up with somebody, incredible.

 Question, how do we view the replays?
    I assume the same way you did before. Replay files should be in the folder called slippi, use the slippi launcher off his site.
    Download slippi replay viewer
THIS is melee HD. 2020 has been saved
/u/Fizzi36 you are amazing many thanks

the dedication to this goal is admirable

great day for melee and the greater need for online change in the FGC
I don't even know what to say. I joined the patreon.
finally proof! Ive been arguing for what feels like ages that Smash Ultimate could easily handle rollback and people always use the excuse "but smash is to complex for rollback" Here we have it. Can we please stop making excuses for devs not utilizing technology that has existed since the early 2000's. Devs have had 20 years to figure out how to utilize this netcode and still we have things like Smash Ultimates netcode.

Thank you everyone that worked on this!
I’m so excited to try this. The matchmaking experience is gonna be so good.
this is unreal
I can't wait to try this tonight, I've heard only great stuff, congratz and thanks for the dedication man
So this is what you meant by I should be excited for your next project
I don’t even know what to say because this is so goddamn amazing, but I’m concerned about what Nintendo could do to take a project like this out?
    If they haven't shut it down yet, what does this change?
        They keep expecting it to fade away in time, but the community keeps finding new ways to be rejuvenate itself back to 100%. I'm afraid they'll eventually feel the need to take matters into their own hands.

People keep going from newer games *to* the older game. It's an affront to their product lol.
Legit hope that hax$ and axe go in on netplay, now.
This is now the top post of all time on the subreddit, congrats fizzi! Long live melee!
How powerful of a computer would you need to run this perfectly? Have a mac pro rn but thinking of getting a PC to run this well
    [deleted]
        I have only played offline with my brother so far, but EVEN that lags, so I assumed my computer just wasn't powerful enough
            Or your dolphin settings are wrong
            Yeah if you lag when playing offline you're gonna have some issues.
            Unfortunately, macOS has other issues that can make it wonky to run due to Apple messing with OpenGL, and the Dolphin devs not prioritizing macOS as much.
            [This is a pretty good video that delves into the specs you'd need to comfortably run it.](https://youtu.be/xJhkOxp1UcA)
    I'm in the same boat with a MacBook Air, my dude. 

2015, 2.2 GHz Intel Core i7
8 GB Ram, DDR3
Intel HD Graphics 6000 1536 MB

Has anyone went through the process of making something like that with before?... Please help us, if you can. It's been a long time of trying.
        Tbh it might be more worth it to just save up for a new laptop/pc my man, that is what I'm gonna do
            Yeah; yeah... I'm just trying to not have to do that, because I'm already saving for a B0XX controller. I think the last thing I'll try is loading Windows on bootcamp with my Mac. We'll see.
            You have a MacBook Pro or a Mac Pro? Big difference.

Apparently if you can run Melee at 60fps that's enough for this, don't rush out for a new computer.
Truly awesome. Is there any update on when a Mac version might be available? Thanks!
    On twitter they said Mac & Linux in a few weeks + 'sorry for the delay' :)
        Epic - thanks!
This is revolutionary.
holy shit
YO THIS IS FUCKING SICK
God is real i guess
this is so awesome

is the auto matchmaking random? or does it somehow use slippi stats to give you a rating or something as you play? just curious
    random with a ranked system to be implemented later
Y’all better be paying this man
This interface is seriously the coolest shit ever. Amazing work. The matches so far have been a bit laggy but I can't wait to see where this goes!

Edit: Might have been because I was on windowed. I switched to full screen and had very playable matches on 80+ ping, which I've never had before. Awesome.
Tragic that the Octagon was the last event prior to this breakthrough. Cheers to better melee going forward!
    Wes in shambles
Will this make streaming netplay more stable? I can stream offline just fine at 720p but when netplaying it becomes unplayable
PLEASE stay away from using wifi while playing this
Fizzi's Patreon has already gone from 225 to 450. Let's go
Holy shit. The old netplay never let me connect with other people for some reason. Somehow it's working now. And it's so nice. I get to play Melee netplay for basically the first time! It's great even though im gettin bodied a bit.
    Dont lie
Is there any way to filter to only play with people a certain distance away? I’m on really solid internet in the south east and I keep connecting to people who must be from like Mexico or something because I’m seeing 100+ pings. It’s amazing how good the connections  are for 100 ping but they’re still noticeably laggy.
At what ping do you guys start getting some bad lag? Im from south america and every match has 200+ ping, last one had 1.1k lmao

Hopefully they add a way to play only people from your continent
This dude saved melee part 2
Assuming the answer is no, but does this support teams?
    I imagine that's the kind of thing we'll see in a couple of months, along with ranked mode, skill-based matchmaking, chat, and built-in slippi analytics. (These are all guesses but I imagine fizzi has similar plans)
        He's since said on stream doubles isn't going to be worked on until ranked, spectator mode, and stage select are implemented, and will probably be fairly challenging, so unfortunately a couple months seems unlikely at this point...
    I see no reason why it wouldn’t, what makes you think it doesn’t?
        It goes through it's own matchmaking interface rather than Dolphin lobbies, so far the interface only seems to support 1v1s.
            doubles is possibly coming later afaik, probably more complicated
Will lower connections be able to play?
Rona Rumble national/major coming soon?
    Zains next super major win incoming
this is insane. I mean the integrated match making alone is insane. But everything combined?? LMaoo
Basically melee online 

What ever happened to that project?
This is insane. It's absolutely crazy
Built-in matchmaking. My goodness.
I might've missed it but does anyone know if this has UCF out of the box? I assumed it does since they consulted with a bunch of pros before release
    Yup, everything from r18 is carried over
        let's fucking go
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Downloaded it as soon as I saw this Post and Jesus its so smooth. They're not lying. Presse Start in the select screen and had somebody to play after 5 seconds. And I'm in Germany and its monday 2am here. Im in college and don't have to much money, but put 10 Dollars down in the donations field immeadiatly and honestly they deserve a thousand
Bro I just played like 5 games and didn't even realize I forgot to plug in my Ethernet cable lmao. Legit couldn't tell until a game where I had like 140 ping.
Might just sell my copy of ultimate and donate that money to Fizzi
This is fucking insane!! How does it auto update?
Okay so I have my whole setup working on a boot camped 2018 MacBook Pro but for some reason it runs at a consistent 15 FPS.  Does anyone know how I can fix this? Can my MacBook just not handle it?
What other games use roll back net code? Is this something just a few fighting games have or is it used in any mobas, shooters or mmos?
    Fighting games use peer to peer connections and other games use servers because they're dealing with more than 2 players. Idk much more about it, from what I do know about shooter netcode it sort of works like rollback where it compensates for lag by predicting movements
Fizzi have you considered working with anthers so you don’t split the player base?   Anthers matchmaking with your build ?
Slippi is basically what everybody's dream meleeHD wish for nintendo from 2015 was. Same gameplay as melee. HD graphics, modern features. what da fuuuuuck . Somebody , quick, find slippi and suck his dick
commenting on this historic thread so I can say I was here.
    Same bro
Will the addition of rollback netcode mean wifi connections will have less stuttering?
    If I lie and say no will you forget you ever asked this and never consider playing on wifi again?
        Suggestion noted!
            Wifi connections will cause both players to teleport around a lot on each others' screen
                I've seen people on Twitter saying otherwise, though it probably varies on a lot of factors. I'm going to test it myself after work.
                    Big spikes = stuttering

Small spikes = rollback
                        Jokes aside, I just tested it for an hour and I was able to play with people up to 100 ping on my wifi connection and I didn't notice any stuttering or teleporting. It's incredibly impressive.
                            Please play on ethernet.
                                Why? He just said he had minimal teleporting.
                            Just plug in a Ethernet cord test your internet speed on Wi-Fi and test it on Ethernet your paying for like half the speed if that
                I've been playing wifi for a couple hours and I've had minimal teleporting.

Like noticeable once or twice, and like 2 ping spikes.
***YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO***
Hold up won’t this hurt smashladder? Since that’s where ppl go to play ranked mostly. Seems like it won’t be needed anymore
    Until it has ranked, smash ladder still has some things it doesn’t. And even once it does have ranked, I imagine there will be a small niche for people who just want to find not random people to play against
        True but I know a lot of ppl that just use discord to find netplay games instead of smashladder. Gonna be interesting
            That shit dead lol
                rip
[deleted]
    You would rather stick with delay-based?
        [deleted]
            No rollback is not an option in Slippi Online. Rollback is delay based with upgrades. Rollback is inherently better no matter what.
                I thought I had read somewhere that rollback wouldn't work for melee due to how much movement there is? Like vs Street fighter where they're basically going to be either a lil forward/back or in the air and that's it
                    As someone who's played it, it's mostly just small position adjustments or animation updates that don't really change anything. With really bad connections it can be jarring though (like one time I got a grab, then it got updated to show I missed the grab. That type of thing).
                Can you explain rollback netcode? What exactly is different about it?
                    Delay based is kind of the naive or intuitive approach to a connection delaying someone's inputs. You pause the simulation until their inputs arrive. This manifests as stuttering. A buffer is used to cover this up. It builds in input delay, and as long as any connection problem is shorter than the input delay, you won't notice. Melee simulators now have less input delay natively than console Melee, so you get a few frames of buffer "for free" just to match console. This means you can connect over a decent radius and never notice a difference between online and offline.

Rollback is a more sophisticated attempt to hide a connection problem. The computer attempts to simulate a player's inputs if the connection delays your inputs. If there's a difference between your inputs and the simulation, it retroactively adjusts your character to match, which is usually seen as teleportation. Rollback allows you to connect from an even larger distance without noticing any input problems, because rather than increasing an input buffer delay, you can opt to rely on the computer simulation instead. The accuracy of the simulation (and the players' tolerance for teleporting opponents) dictates what distances are possible now. 

If you've ever played a shooter and swear you shot the other guy first, you've probably felt the worst case of rollback--the server simulated them moving so you shoot them, but on their end they actually did shoot you first. So when the input arrives and the server sees what actually happened, it kills you and leaves them alive. But most of the time it isn't that extreme of a case.
                        Thanks super interesting stuff
                What if I prefer the game stopping instead of rolling back, because rollback throws me off a lot of the time.
                    spotw
                    weirdchamp
                    I too prefer frequent stutters that interrupt my inputs to minor occasional teleportation of my opponents character
                    "What if I prefer dial-up?"
                    These must be the people who didn't download slippi because FM 5.0 works fine
            If you only play on low ping connections then the rollback will never kick in.
Anyone else have an issue where chrome prevents downloading slippi?
    Yeah, when it prevents downloading the main button says "Discard" or something, but if you click the little arrow next to that text-box in the bottom left it'll bring up the "Keep" option. If the box in the bottom left has disappeared for you, press Ctrl + J (brings up Download page) and it should give you the Keep or Discard options next to the file in that list instead.
        Perfect, keeping it worked, thanks for the help!
Donate to Fizzi
EDIT: nevermind, my question was answered as I read on.


Long live Netplay! Long live Slippi/Fizzi! Long live Melee!
I didn't have time to test it out connecting to another player, but I didn't see an option to enable UCF before you connect. Does it let you toggle UCF?
    UCF is integrated by default
Everyone acting like they just haven’t heard of rollback netplay lmfao (including myself)
    My interest in Rivals of Aether was carried by vague promises of rollback netplay that they seem to have given up on, I'm fully torqued
It feels amazing to play, I'm loving it.

Only thing is that I've noticed a lot of visual screen tearing. Anyone else notice this?
Fizzi is truly a god among us mere mortals. Support this man!!!
I'm so glad to be out of school and able to support the incredible people behind these projects!

Infinite thanks to the team behind this! I'll be sure to donate more once I get a job.
having trouble finding a match, says “searching” endlessly. anyone else run into this issue?
Did the recent update fuck up matchmaking? I was getting a bunch of matches before but then it auto updated and won’t find anyone.
    I'm having trouble matchmaking too. Join #CLWN#889 if you wanna play
Can someone properly ELI5 what is rollback and how is does this benefit SSBM?
    [Try this video. It's short enough.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JHetORRpfQ)
    A lot less lag and you can basically play anybody not matter where they are as long as they have a good connexion and a good computer. It's not CRT level but it's very close and probably the best online experience in any fighting game
Any way to turn on the game music with this setup? This is incredible btw. Integrated one button matchmaking with good netcode. I can just click one button on my pc and be playing melee with someone.
    I'm just replying so I can come back and see if anyone answers this.  It's just too weird not hearing any music in the game
        Someone else answered it, it's because music + rollback = bad
            That's very much not right. The whole point of rollback is only things that happened differently from what your opponent changed doing during the lag. The song plays at a consistent rate regardless of what your opponent does, meaning rollback should have literally zero possible way of impacting the music.

Now, maybe their implementation of rollback does, but that's a straight bug if so.
                I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay wasn't exactly a priority for the Slippi team here. Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music *stuff* is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be.
                    "I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay"

There's no reason rollback requires you to do anything with the audio of the music. It should just work.

I'm not really sure where your misunderstanding is coming from, so I'm not sure how to address it. Where are you getting the idea that rollback would mess up music from?

"Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music stuff is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be."

Not really, but how entwined the music is with the game state doesn't impact rollback (outside of extreme examples that aren't at play here). That could theoretically be something as simple as audio taking an extra frame to start the match.
    It's not possible rn. Might be some issue with rolling back and the music desyncing or something. You can pull up spotify or something for music
        Makes sense, glad there's a reason. I've got local music files for days, but sometimes you just wanna hear Melee
what the heck dude thats nuts
Melee is sicker!
Praise be, I may actually be able to play this again
I was playing someone on 70 ping and didn’t even realize it until I decided to check. Unbelievable work
Would the integrated matchmaking make it so you could play online from wii, gamecube,or another version of dolphin
You a fool for this one homie
So i dont really get what rollback is, except that it's absolute magic for netplay quality and we're amazingly lucky to be blessed with it
    Think of it like this... before, Every lag spike resulted in frame drops for you , which result in missed inputs.... now, lag spikes will cause small visual artifacts/teleports... it will feel much better because the stutter is mostly gone.
        So basically orgasm magic?
Thank you Fizzi
My only complaint about rollback is that it didn't come out when all this lockdown shit started. Imagine how much easier it would've been to keep yourself occupied if you could'a just watched Plup play Moky for 3 hours a day? Smh get your act together Fizzi.
It's crazy how our netcode is so much better than Nintendo's. I love this community.
Yo so first things first. this build is FUCKING AMAZING.

But I have a question, I have a long distance friend I wanna play with and the gameplay quality is really good with rollback but I want to increase the delay from 2f to 3f. How do I go about changing this?
This is the best thing ever!! Thank you!!
Anyone have a suggestion for a cheapish monitor with 120-144 hz? My gaming monitor is only 60. And how important is it?
So I just got my ass beat on my first game, and I wanna learn through some training mods, I know of 20XX and UnclePunch. Are there any differences between each other or they both provide the same thing so one is good enough to stick with?

Also if theres a guide on how to get them running
Troubleshooting assist, I got the game to launch but get a "Application not found" error when trying to open the log-in page, any help would be appreciated
    I had something similar today and just redownloaded it
        Tried that but no change
            Okay, when and where does the error come from? Your computer after the slippi registration site opens?
                When i click to open the registration site, but it fails
Anyone else getting frequent "internal error" while playing after the update?
I played this with some friends and online, it's absolutely amazing.  The connection is outstanding, and I don't need to worry much about my wifi fucking with things.  I can't believe any of this is real right now lmao
I stopped playing and going to locals because there was nobody to grind with in my region. Strongly thinking of picking it back up. This is absolutely incredible
can someone ,ahem, DM me his *ayeeso* ?:)
It's absolutely bonkers that I can play Melee online with matchmaking on my shitty laptop with no lag. This is the fucking future
if 2 ppl have 2 different setdelay, who's config is taken? lowest or highest?
No man has been more deserving of the money in my wallet
I haven't played Melee in 10 years do to lack of friends to play it with, this netcode and matchmaking is bringing me back. Well done man.
Slippi online..Fizzi...what an accomplishment and what a time to be a melee fan!

With the waves this is making, is anyone else worried about Nintendo shutting it down?
    I think the backlash would just be too powerful. Also, they can't stop people from playing. They can only pressure companies not to stream it. In the end this isn't even a rom hack so they have no legal basis to shut it down. Many companies threaten that emulation is a crime but there have been literally zero court rulings that indicate so. It's a legal gray area and Nintendo has never been able to prove it is criminal in any sense.
        "In the end this isn't even a rom hack"

Ahh interesting, I didn't know that. I assumed the injection (?) of a new menu / UI elements / functionality would have crossed that line. I really dont know what I'm talking about though.

I'm just glad to hear that Slippi's more in the clear than I feared! Thanks for the reply.
Wheres pokemon stadium tho waaaaa
I wonder if there are stats on the netplay population. Curious how many people have been playing since the fizzwizz did the bizz.
 5xxxp hifxdebx
Can somebody ELI5 why this is such a big deal?
B
OK but why am I still getting 20fps
Can someone explain what this is
Welp
lol
[deleted]
    You should get a gamecube adapter off Amazon (I would recommend Mayflash) and a gamecube controller. There are direct to USB controllers but they're not recommended.
        Thanks a bunch
Can any one send me the ISO files for slippi? Or at least tell me how to get it? Really wanna try it out.
jim wuz here
/r/Kappa: "Fuck them. Good for them, but fuck them."
    Yeah surprised they were more impressed than anything else
        I never hear them say anything nice so this was a welcomed change lol
    [Why the hell do they hate us so much?](https://i.imgur.com/HfjrCjw.jpg)
        We tend to show up at FGC events but have zero interest in other games, so I imagine it feels like we just "use" their events in a way.

A lot of times our community is younger too so if you include Ultimate so we bring loud annoying people instead of the gross middle aged annoying people they are used to.
            If you exclude Ultimate (which you should), the average age of Melee players is way above most FGC games and especially /r/kappa. The FGC is all DBFZ zoomers now.

This argument applied in like 2005, but not anymore.
                The thing is they are going to lump us all together because when one shows up, the other usually does. Doesn't really matter if you "should" make a distinction if they don't.
                    This is why it's time for people to realize that players of games like Super Turbo, MvC2, AC+R, etc. have more in common with Melee and 64 players than DBFZ and SFV players, and that Melee and 64 players have more in common with them than Ultimate players. 

Players of classic games need to secede from the babies who play whatever is new because it's new. That won't happen until FGC and Melee oldheads smarten up and abandon the fake Smash vs. FGC dichotomy though.
                        I don't quite see how playing a game that came out recently makes someone a "baby". Ngl the only difference that I can really see between people who play 64 or melee and people that competitively play ultimate is the elitism that comes with playing melee
                Here's a sneak peek of /r/Kappa using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!

\#1: [1](https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/74718688_10156389702606577_8174431935297224704_n.jpg?_nc_cat=104&_nc_oc=AQkNxKOEZQkFeMsmI62QjWRuCYDUhgeAZ-xauNG7JrN3If3hQke8GUWKYM13j4DPU58&_nc_ht=scontent-arn2-1.xx&oh=6504685fe01c559649ff17acb9a4696f&oe=5E474AD8) | [105 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dv4czg/1/)  
\#2: [1](https://i.redd.it/yms4iiyafuz31.jpg) | [172 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dz21wz/1/)  
\#3: [Leroy Smith cosplay by rapper T-Pain](https://i.redd.it/ytiemulmb1k31.jpg) | [49 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/cyefpi/leroy_smith_cosplay_by_rapper_tpain/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/fpi5i6/blacklist_vii/)
        Not much overlap and they just hate everything now after porn was basically banned over there.
        r/kappa is not representative of the majority of the FGC. Most of the FGC hates r/kappa. They're like a some fighting game centric version of 4chan.
    R/kappa in shambles
Yeah, it seems the only ones making shit like this in the FGC are pverty fighters players. But Melty caster doesn't have matchmaking tho.
    What? It does lmao, you can use rollback as well
        Last I checked it didn't have in game matchmaking, you needed to use discord or something like that to find matches. And I literally used the Melty caster as an example of rollback.
            Oh I see. My b
Bless
I’m speechless. I had heard rumors of rollback in netplay chat but this is literally beyond my dreams. I just don’t even know what to say.  Playing with my high school buddy who lives in Puerto Rico. I’m in Cali. It’s insane. I don’t even know what to say.
Right?! The rest of the FGC has been begging for this shit for years and most of the big companies haven't bothered to implement rollback because... jeez, who knows. meanwhile the melee fan community casually rolls out rollback for an emulator of a 19 year old game.

To be fair though faster melee netplay was way better than the nintendos netcode for literally every smash game that came out since. so it kinda makes sense if some people dont get it.
yep, I'll see y'all at Genesis 30, can't wait
    It’ll be baby mango against Armada JR.
    Syrox finally wins 😭
It did, in fact, gain many many new players ever since this went online! 

Melee is getting *bigger* more than 12 years later, that is incredible. 

Congratulations, Melee.
I disagree in that the only way to get a good controller (imo, it has to be an original nintendo gamecube or white controller) is like $200+ on ebay. I typically burn thru a controller in 12-18months (stick box worn so can no longer tap jump, triggers sticking, c stick delaying at random or just not coming out.)

Plus the less good first party controllers are going up in price all the time as well.
 This update is still mindblowing tho
    If you're really going to go ahead and drop $200 on an ebay controller that might still suck, you might as well order a custom controller. People like Nez, Typo, Rienne ect can hook you up with an actually good one for less than $150. I do agree with the sentiment that the game is still less accessible due to that limitation, however. If it weren't for the smash 4 and ult controllers the scene might've really struggled (even if those ones suck).
    I have absolutely zero doubt we will be able to manufacture our own controllers if we need to
        Right. At this point I'm basically expecting someone to make a video showing their GC controller 3d printing operation.
    Look for used T3 controllers on ebay. Avoid ones with knock-off sticks. Purple/black/plat are all $35 max. Orange is $35-40. White is $50-60. Emerald is $70. There's absolutely no need to spend $200 on a controller unless you're buying several of them.
        Yeah. Typing in the basic "original gamecube controller" is like gatekeeping yourself, there's thousands of affordable *and well-functioning* ones out there if you know where to look. I got my orange recently for $28 + $5 shipping on ebay.
        Hey, Do you have any other tips on finding Gamecube controllers online? I want to get one for netplay so I'm not well -versed on what to search for.
            Look for the T3 badge https://controllerlibrary.files.wordpress.com/2020/05/image5.jpg

Look for ones that don't seem to have a lot of wear on them. If there aren't full pics of the controller, request them from the seller or ignore the listing.

Make sure the sticks/buttons are OEM. Knock-off sticks tend to have a shinier than normal plastic, and knock-off buttons tend to look a bit off. Message the seller if you aren't sure.

Some sellers will comment on the tightness of the sticks in either the listing title or the description. Tighter is better.

The prices I put in my previous comment should be about the max you pay for each color after shipping + tax. You can go above them by a few dollars, but anything more would be overpaying.
    Have you looked at B0XX.com? I'm saving up. That's still going to be there when all GCCs have died.
        While you're saving, also check out the [smash stick](http://www.altlabcontrollers.com) so you know all your options. I've been very excited for this for almost a year and the Kickstarter begins in July. It's like a fight stick, but with a custom-made analog stick that is supposed to feel amazing and last indefinitely. Def check out their discord for questions, lots of people are happy to answer
            I'm definitely familiar! It's a really cool concept, but I'm trying to save my hands in the process. Having an arcade stick of any kind, as opposed to the digital inputs, would cause more harm than good for me at this point. I'm obviously still happy for anyone who wants to play that way!
                I've actually been wondering about this. I couldn't find much about the ergonomics of fight sticks. I assume it must be better than that of a GameCube controller, even just for the stick, since you use your whole hand/wrist/arm rather than just your thumb. I thought it would be ergonomically similar to a mouse, bit I wasn't actually sure. I don't even know if buttons are that great, since people definitely get hand issues from working at keyboards too, but I feel like it's, like many things related to health, very difficult to get solid and consistent answers about it. Either has got to be better than a gc controller though, lol
                    Basically, I'd say the issue is demand on your hands for speed and repetitive motions that don't feel good over time, especially without proper stretching. It's kinda made for the hands of a kid, really, so naturally there's going to be issues.
            I just can't tell from the black background, but does it not have notches? If it doesn't, then that's really going to be a big annoyance for anyone trying to have precise angles, shield dropping, or consistent wavedash lengths.
                It does have an octangular gate and is specifically made to have shield drop notches on both sides. I definitely recommend checking out the discord if you're interested. Lots of people more knowledgeable than I am can tell you a lot about the decisions made for it. After asking for a bit, it's become clear to me that a lot of care was put into making this.
                    Ah great, thanks for letting me know! :) I'll definitely have to give it a look. Hopefully it will be a successful hybrid between a GC controller and the box.
            sorry for ur loss
    I highly doubt most people burn through controllers in average melee use in the time that you do.
    I mean ucf is pretty standard now so that brings down the controller barrier quite a bit. Don’t have to worry about dash backs or shield drops
    Once people make it easy to use more modern controllers for Melee it's all over.
        Why? This sounds like it would solve a problem in the scene.
            Yeah am saying the reign of the GameCube controller is all over.
    Look up multishine controllers.  They make custom gamecube controllers built specifically for competitive smash play
    GameStop sells controllers for like $30 and they're more than serviceable.
        [deleted]
            If you go anything worse than 2-2 in bracket, a controller isn't holding you back in any way unless it's broken.
                [deleted]
                    Spoken like a real stream monster
Was always in the never dying category, melee will always survive.
Would you mind explaining what the importance of rollback netcode is? I haven’t played netplay in a couple years so I’m a bit out of the loop.  I assume it’s a good thing.
    To quote Leffen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbZV8u6-hA
> Rollback netcode is the biggest thing to happen to the melee community since the documentary 

The main disadvantage of delay-based netcode is, with farther distance or higher ping, the game is jittery and feels bad to play. In practice for ssbm, this has limited netplay to about a 500 mile radius around you -- enough to play a few states away, but some regions like Mexico get screwed due to how the internet lines are laid out underwater/underground. 

Rollback netcode guarantees that if both players computers can run ssbm at 60 fps normally, then your netplay will run at 60 fps *always*. This is awesome for fighting games where executing combos takes specific inputs and specific timing, and random lag can mess you up and make you the combo food instead. The game will never slow down due to internet lag. Rollback netcode also in practice lets you play much farther distances with high quality gameplay, across the country or even across oceans. The [slippi video introducing rollback netcode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzawZ2nanu0&feature=youtu.be) entertains the possibility of Japan-US netplay, which would never have been possible with delay-based netcode.

For more details (such as implementation), this article https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2019/10/explaining-how-fighting-games-use-delay-based-and-rollback-netcode/ is fantastic -- quite thorough, and easy to understand.
        Does this mean we can have actually decent nationals again? Is this the beginning of a new netplay renaissance?
            I think so
                Melee is saved!
        Holy shit this is amazing
        Rollback seems great for predicting games with routine input command combinations such as quarter circle motions, but I’m skeptical as to how it’s going to predict a game like melee without constantly rolling back to update opponents actions/positioning. It’s going to feel better as far as input execution goes, but neutral is surely going to be muddied up with jittery opponents seemingly teleporting short distances, on most player’s connections.    
Spacing in neutral is going to still suffer, on most player’s connections.    
    
Just seems like all the technicalities of melee that make rollback a great experience for the player, makes the actual rolling back more glaring when compared to other fighting games.    
    
Edit: I installed and played. It’s fantastic. 100+ ping is rough, but not any worse than the average netplay experience without rollback.    
Under 50 ping plays flawlessly, and neutral is preserved.    
Characters no longer receive netplay buffs.
            I tried it already and it works great. I couldn't wait so I even tried it on my work VPN so I had 100+ ping and while rollback certainly was happening occassionally, it was not that noticeable, and didn't affect neutral at all.

I think the 2 frame buffer would suppress nearly all visible rollback for most connections within 110 ping as the devs describe in their introductory video. Above that, of course frequent rollback would get pretty annoying. But it should work great for most connections in a reasonable distance.

You should just try it imo instead of theorycrafting critiques
            Nah, it looks and plays really good, little to no stutter most of the time for me.
    To give a specific example of how rollback tries to hide/minimize lag, I'll give a specific example. The main concept of rollback is you have a set input delay (like when you set your buffer. For close connections the default is 2 frames, for Leffen vs KJH they were trying out 3 frames), this delay will be much lower than your buffer for 'delay based' netcode (what Melee netplay used to use). **The game will predict what you are going to do, and whenever its wrong it rolls back  and reruns the game with the newly recieved inputs**.

So what does that mean? Lets say your opponent inputs a dash forward that lasts 10 frames, then inputs a dash back. The game reads their dash and shows it to you, and assumes they are going to keep holding forward, which ends up being true for those 10 frames. On frame 11 it still thinks they are dashing forward, on frame 12 it still thinks so, but then right before frame 13 gets displayed it gets their dash back input (the one on frame 10). So it rolls back 2 frames (ie loads a save state), then runs the game forward with the newly received inputs and catches back up to the 'present'. Visually, you would see their dash forward for 2 frames 'too long', then they would visually teleport when the game rolls back and does the dash back.

tl;dr In other words, to put it really simply: rollback is able to 'cheat' the system and make you have less input delay than is necessary. Say you would need 4f of input delay for a delay based netcode, but you run 2f of delay on rollback. It gets away with this by predicting what your inputs will be (assuming you are going to continue to do what you were doing the frame before, which will be correct a lot of the time) and rolling back when it actually gets the inputs. Visually this results in slight teleporting when you do things like input a dash, but the end result is a much smoother experience with less lag. It sounds like teleporting would be really annoying to deal with, but its much better than the alternatives and its a lot less noticeable than you think.
        >but its much better than the alternatives and its a lot less noticeable than you think.

Especially given that it combines rollback with a fixed delay, which is sufficient enough to prevent most rollback situations in the first place
            AND because of Faster Melee, the overall delay is actually less than playing in person, on a CRT anyways.

This work is astounding, there is no other word for it.
    Same, I would appreciate the explanation
        [Long version](http://ki.infil.net/w02-netcode.html)

Short version: say goodbye to client side latency as you now play on offline level quality (hell, even better considering Dolphin has 4f fewer delay than physical) at quadruple the size of the previous range where playing online was acceptable.

This is the single most important event since the game's release
        Hopefully someone will come along with a more knowledgeable explanation but in the meantime: rollback basically extrapolates what you'll be doing in a few frames from what you're doing now. This is useful because if you lag during those few frames, rollback will use the extrapolated frames, meaning neither player should "feel" lag even when lag is there.

Edit: forgot to mention the most important part, that inputs which should have been received during those laggy frames are retroactively applied, or "rolled back."
I feel like it is even more important right now during corona times as the world tour has been on hold, it helps Melee to stay competitive during a year of downphase
    hell yeah
[removed]
    Who thinks they are clever for making these bots its fucking annoying
        What was the bot? If you don't mind
        /u/undeleteparent
            UNDELETED comment: 

>#PROFANITY DETECTED: "for"!
>
>This type of language is not exceptable on Rebbit and needs to be deleted. delicious_truffles have been given 1 fraction point and have been reported. If delicious_truffles gets 3 fraction points, delicious_truffles will get deleted and banished from Rebbit!

I am a bot

^please ^pm ^me ^if ^I ^mess ^up

---

consider [supporting me?](https://paypal.me/undeleteparent)
                Jeez
    bad bot
    Shut up bot
    Go fuck yourself in your fat fuckin ass
 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbZV8u6-hA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbZV8u6-hA) 

Leffen samples this out with Zain (140 ping) at the beginning.
Leffen played with Kalindi and said he could RTC fine and it basically felt like old, < 60 ping netplay except it was across the fucking Atlantic
    Do you remember what frame delay he played on with KJH? I saw he played at 4 when playing Salvato and 3 when playing Zain so I assume it has some impact on making the lag more bearable but honestly unsure on that aspect.
Rona Rumble USA
    Rona rumble world
        Rona Rumble World Tour
    Great, now I’m going to be back to going 0-2 every tournament. Fuck Slippi and fuck rollback netcode

 /s
    In all seriousness with all the work Brandon has been putting in I hope he is able to be one of the first hype US online tournaments.
I think LACS2 had this in mind the whole time. I don't think Ludwig was joking around now when talking about the biggest tournament of the year, big netplay tournaments have been very hit or miss but now I think we'll just be seeing hits.
    I liked it when Lud showed something to Zain and Zain's response was, "holy shit. for real?" 

I think there is something big thats about to go down for melee, and somehow Lud is gonna get even bigger through it lmfao
        Lud played in a chess tournament didn't win yet somehow also got bigger from that. Everything he does becomes a mogul move.
            Regularly like 70-80k watched the pogchamps, chess is a lowkey wave rn i think leffen has it as a subgoal too
                Chess rollback when
                    In some of the faster game modes (60 seconds and less), latency actually starts mattering. I watch a Chess streamer named PenguinZ known for his extremely rapid play and when he does 15 second chess it often comes down to who has lower ping to the server to slam out pre-moves.

Here's an example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2AMN9tHSB0
                        Wow that's actually really interesting. Thanks for sharing!
                            Happy to! Chess has really changed a lot in the age of the internet. Twitch, lichess and chess.com have changed the way people play dramatically.
            Lud was exactly what that tournament needed. He provided the naive "asks the stupid questions most people were probably also thinking" perspective while being hilariously entertaining. Hikaru and Botez were great but they needed that little bit of silly, comedic relief to help make the game more accessible.
            His consolation bracket finals was the last match of the final day and the official stream crashed so they hosted him with like 60k viewers. If the average twitch viewer didn't know him before they definitely do now.
Keep your head up king, there's so much more melee to be played
Melee needs you. Stay strong homie❤👍
I really hope he writes a dev diary or something talking about the engineering that went into this. I can't believe he did this..
    Ditto - I'm very curious as to what the approach was.

Actually, I'd love to see it as a GDC talk!
Billion dollar companies \[Nintendo\]: "Yeah this isn't in line with our Q3 goals, let's release some shitty DLC characters and cash out"

One madman:
I dunno dude, there are plenty of fuckwits in the community.
    There are, and they shouldn't get a pass just because they're a part of our community. Fuck all the edgelords who think they're hilarious mocking Magi any time she's on stream for example.

But generally speaking, I think we have a great community (compared to other gaming communities anyway). I get the sense that because we're probably a bit older on average compared to, say, the Ult community, sets us apart from the rest.
I dropped it for 5 years. Time to learn how the kids do this netplay stuff.
And he thought his hands were fucked before... he has no idea what’s in store.
> The previous system is called "delay-based netcode". In delay based netcode when your opponent's controller inputs are late for a given frame, the game stalls and waits for the input—causing jitters and dropped inputs. In rollback, the game does not stall. Instead it continues to play with the opponent's last known input and then once the input does come in, it re-simulates the game using the corrected inputs.

Here's a good video on it as well: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RI5scXYhK0
    Thank you!
Holy shit I forgot about that until just now.
Wondering the same thing. Setting up a windows partition on my computer right now since this looks lit as fuck
    You following some guide? I'm running Ubuntu 20.04 but haven't made a windows partition from Linux ever, just a Linux partition from windows
        Still working on it (got distracted for a while) but if I figure it out I can PM the stuff I’ve read if you’d like.
            That'd be amazing, thanks
                Okay, it actually wasn't that bad. High level overview of what I used:

[Rufus](https://rufus.ie/) on a Windows laptop to make the bootable Windows USB drive (There might be a Linux alternative but I've used Rufus in the past and it lets you download an official Windows 10 iso within the app).

[Gparted](https://gparted.org/) to shrink my Linux partition down to make room for the Windows partition. 

From there, I used booted from the Windows USB drive and it installed with no issues. I can definitely provide more detailed guidance if you'd like, but really all I did was follow the guides in the two linked websites so they're probably more helpful than I would be haha. Good luck!


EDIT: so the Ubuntu partition won’t boot anymore, so maybe this wasn’t as easy as I thought. I don’t have anything important on there but if you do maybe back up or be a bit more careful
I saw on twitter it should be a couple weeks. I wonder if the source can be available sooner so we can build it ourself.
    Honestly, I’ll believe it when I see it. Usually “coming soon” means “in five years or maybe never”. 

It feels pretty shitty that this happened mid-quarantine, and I already had to drop from a tournament because I can’t use the new build.
        coming soon in a few weeks at most. the team is working hard to make it a reality on other OSes but feature parity is hard.
        Yeah I wish the source was open - I built my Linux Slippi r18 build from source and it was pretty easy (just took a simple shell.nix and a lil bit of patching)
        Source code should be available later tonight according to Fizzi (the guy who made it), and release should be later this week.
            I assume the source is that Ishiiruka fork in the project? Any idea if I need to do anything besides build Dolphin in there for all this to work?
                I'm attempting to build [Ishiiruka HEAD](https://github.com/project-slippi/Ishiiruka/commit/6f5f0d9f3c22658513c6a25607c6f52b0d38ad16) now. Dunno if this, but it was updated last night.

I'm building it with Nix. I'm piggypacking on [`dolphinEmuMaster` in nixpkgs](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/4398e9e346c1f127415d3d76afae3bdfe6e4e300/pkgs/misc/emulators/dolphin-emu/master.nix) and just overriding `src` and a few other things to get it building. We'll see how it goes!

cc /u/Yoyoeat /u/Eleanimyst /u/OrgulousOgre

EDIT: I was able to build it..but then when I try to run my Melee iso it seg faults :|

EDIT2: I used my same derivation to build `r18` (`1ef6f7bfc12e8566153054e6c964111da44f9125`) and it all worked fine. Hmm.
                    Did you get it working? Trying to build from source on Mac
                        Yeah I did get it working. I'll build 2.1.0 and then share my Nix derivation.

Check out the slippi discord. The dev-general channel has discussion of people building from source on Mac and Linux.
                            My fuckin man, thanks dude
                                [https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix](https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix) Here's what I use to build it! I just built 2.1.1 right now and was able to log-in using the steps I put in the README.

[More details in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/hiiln1/project_slippi_210_release_notes_ps1_now_enabled/fwjdlwm/)
Question, why do you use Linux?
    I've been full time linux since ~2012 with no regrets, although about a year ago I conceded and setup a hardware-isolated Windows VM for games and VR stuff. I code/data science for a living and Linux is just way nicer to... actually program on.

The best part about being on linux is package management tbh
        Have you tried running slippi on a VM? Was wondering if that'd have noticeable lag
            With how I have my VM setup there's no extra lag at all. It's hardware-isolated, so when it's running it has a dedicated GPU, 2 dedicated cpu cores, its own ethernet connection, etc. It's almost a completely separate computer. 

If you were just quickly throwing up like vmware or something, you could definitely introduce display lag, but you wouldn't have to go as far as I have to fix that. I'm just not sure if the default display +cpu settings would be perfect.
                Is there any link you could provide so I could do a similar set up? Would rather not have to partition my hard drive just to run this
                    https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/PCI_passthrough_via_OVMF

This is mostly what I've done, obviously it's arch-specific but the arch wiki is just too good.
    Open source, gives me full control over my system, free (as in beer), fantastic support for command line and programming environments, a community of builders and sharers, more stable, more secure.

Also it doesn't repeatedly force install Microsoft Edge without my permission because why in the world would I ever use that piece of shit, stop.
    In my case, I found that the Wii U adapter only has a 125hz polling rate on Windows, and there's no way to change the rate. But on Linux there's a way to overclock the adapter to 500hz which helps with input consistency. There's also an issue on Ryzen CPUs on Windows where it drops inputs, but it doesn't have that issue on Linux.
    CS student and my school's department machines use Linux so it just made life easier. Pretty much everything I used was available for Linux until now so I didn't see a point in dual booting
I was looking to see if anyone else had a similar experience. The client itself is amazing, but it feels like 8 buffer (without the spikes, what a Godsend). I'm gonna see if my phone slow-mo can see if 6 buffer r18 is faster than the rollback code in 2.0.
    6 vs 8 buffer shouldnt be a complaint, as the lag reduction and 120hz monitor can reduce up to 2 frames already, effectively making 2F = 0F, which is way better than Killer Instinct with 3F (very popular rollback fg)
        That was one thing I needed to mention: I don't have a 120hz monitor. I guess I'm due for an upgrade, thanks for the reminder, as I clearly forgot about this factor.
            I got one a few months ago and the difference is staggering
    yea it defaults to 8 buffer
    (yes I fullscreened the game and will test with ultra, on and off low latency modes with the Nvidia Control Panel)
        Do you have the mayflash adapater or a ryzen CPU?
            I have both, does that cause problems for the game?
                ryzen is known to have some problems
            I have neither, but I DON'T have a 120hz monitor, so I guess I'm due for an upgrade.
            Is mayflash an issue?
                Shouldn't be. I've had issues with it causing input lag when on WiiU mode, but I switched to PC mode and it works fine.
laggy like frame drops? what cpu do you have?
    I fixed it. I had to tweak Dolphin a bit, and I had to use my adapter on PC mode.
        weird, I thought pc mode makes the gc controller a standard controller instead of "gamecube adapter for wiiu"
            It does, but I find it less input lag for me. Oh well.
Smashladder doesn't compete with Slippi, it's just a matchmaking/ranking service. Smashladder uses Slippi already as one of the applicable builds.

Edit - Slippi is planning on implementing ranked matchmaking, so then maybe.
    [deleted]
        Not ranked. Not yet, anyway.
    Oh I thought this website was matchmaking for Slippi
    Will Slippi use SmashLadder for it's ranking though, or will it create a separate ladder?
        I imagine Smashladder will just be used to display the built in Slippi ranked when it’s made.
I'd assume they'd still use Smashladder for matchmaking behind the scenes. Wouldn't make a lot of sense to re-invent the wheel when there's already a massive community on Anthers. I could be wrong though.
    Just tested it out - it has a separate ID system integrated within the game itself. Doesn't seem like it'll use Anther's.
It is better. Check out [this post](https://steamcommunity.com/games/383980/announcements/detail/2782582411957569639) near the end about rollback if you're interested, but tldr is that they spent a lot of time trying to do it, but ultimately gave up
This does not use dolphin netplay so you probably cannot chat (a good thing imo lol)
I miss saying gg's too, or telling the other person if im going to get water or something. idk I really liked how personal it was on anthers, I feel like it was closer to what im used to in locals and stuff. If anyone figures out how to chat please lmk
My thought is to just use smashladder & direct connect
That’s always been a thing, it’s one of the options in the Dolphin hotkeys.


EDIT : Forget my two comments. I was wrong.
    yeah 'y' isn't working to bring up a chat anymore
        You can probably just change it to another key
 Leffens vid: https://youtu.be/erbZV8u6-hAb
    Full mast thank you.
    Huh, that link gives me an error. Take out the b at the end i think
        Odd it works for me, are you on mobile or desktop?
            I'm on mobile

Other people linked the video though so no worries
Even better would be online pools followed by in person top 64 with guaranteed prize pools large enough to make sure everyone who qualifies can attend.
I assume the same way you did before. Replay files should be in the folder called slippi, use the slippi launcher off his site.
Download slippi replay viewer
If they haven't shut it down yet, what does this change?
    They keep expecting it to fade away in time, but the community keeps finding new ways to be rejuvenate itself back to 100%. I'm afraid they'll eventually feel the need to take matters into their own hands.

People keep going from newer games *to* the older game. It's an affront to their product lol.
[deleted]
    I have only played offline with my brother so far, but EVEN that lags, so I assumed my computer just wasn't powerful enough
        Or your dolphin settings are wrong
        Yeah if you lag when playing offline you're gonna have some issues.
        Unfortunately, macOS has other issues that can make it wonky to run due to Apple messing with OpenGL, and the Dolphin devs not prioritizing macOS as much.
        [This is a pretty good video that delves into the specs you'd need to comfortably run it.](https://youtu.be/xJhkOxp1UcA)
I'm in the same boat with a MacBook Air, my dude. 

2015, 2.2 GHz Intel Core i7
8 GB Ram, DDR3
Intel HD Graphics 6000 1536 MB

Has anyone went through the process of making something like that with before?... Please help us, if you can. It's been a long time of trying.
    Tbh it might be more worth it to just save up for a new laptop/pc my man, that is what I'm gonna do
        Yeah; yeah... I'm just trying to not have to do that, because I'm already saving for a B0XX controller. I think the last thing I'll try is loading Windows on bootcamp with my Mac. We'll see.
        You have a MacBook Pro or a Mac Pro? Big difference.

Apparently if you can run Melee at 60fps that's enough for this, don't rush out for a new computer.
On twitter they said Mac & Linux in a few weeks + 'sorry for the delay' :)
    Epic - thanks!
random with a ranked system to be implemented later
Wes in shambles
Dont lie
I imagine that's the kind of thing we'll see in a couple of months, along with ranked mode, skill-based matchmaking, chat, and built-in slippi analytics. (These are all guesses but I imagine fizzi has similar plans)
    He's since said on stream doubles isn't going to be worked on until ranked, spectator mode, and stage select are implemented, and will probably be fairly challenging, so unfortunately a couple months seems unlikely at this point...
I see no reason why it wouldn’t, what makes you think it doesn’t?
    It goes through it's own matchmaking interface rather than Dolphin lobbies, so far the interface only seems to support 1v1s.
        doubles is possibly coming later afaik, probably more complicated
Zains next super major win incoming
Yup, everything from r18 is carried over
    let's fucking go
Fighting games use peer to peer connections and other games use servers because they're dealing with more than 2 players. Idk much more about it, from what I do know about shooter netcode it sort of works like rollback where it compensates for lag by predicting movements
Same bro
If I lie and say no will you forget you ever asked this and never consider playing on wifi again?
    Suggestion noted!
        Wifi connections will cause both players to teleport around a lot on each others' screen
            I've seen people on Twitter saying otherwise, though it probably varies on a lot of factors. I'm going to test it myself after work.
                Big spikes = stuttering

Small spikes = rollback
                    Jokes aside, I just tested it for an hour and I was able to play with people up to 100 ping on my wifi connection and I didn't notice any stuttering or teleporting. It's incredibly impressive.
                        Please play on ethernet.
                            Why? He just said he had minimal teleporting.
                        Just plug in a Ethernet cord test your internet speed on Wi-Fi and test it on Ethernet your paying for like half the speed if that
            I've been playing wifi for a couple hours and I've had minimal teleporting.

Like noticeable once or twice, and like 2 ping spikes.
Until it has ranked, smash ladder still has some things it doesn’t. And even once it does have ranked, I imagine there will be a small niche for people who just want to find not random people to play against
    True but I know a lot of ppl that just use discord to find netplay games instead of smashladder. Gonna be interesting
        That shit dead lol
            rip
You would rather stick with delay-based?
    [deleted]
        No rollback is not an option in Slippi Online. Rollback is delay based with upgrades. Rollback is inherently better no matter what.
            I thought I had read somewhere that rollback wouldn't work for melee due to how much movement there is? Like vs Street fighter where they're basically going to be either a lil forward/back or in the air and that's it
                As someone who's played it, it's mostly just small position adjustments or animation updates that don't really change anything. With really bad connections it can be jarring though (like one time I got a grab, then it got updated to show I missed the grab. That type of thing).
            Can you explain rollback netcode? What exactly is different about it?
                Delay based is kind of the naive or intuitive approach to a connection delaying someone's inputs. You pause the simulation until their inputs arrive. This manifests as stuttering. A buffer is used to cover this up. It builds in input delay, and as long as any connection problem is shorter than the input delay, you won't notice. Melee simulators now have less input delay natively than console Melee, so you get a few frames of buffer "for free" just to match console. This means you can connect over a decent radius and never notice a difference between online and offline.

Rollback is a more sophisticated attempt to hide a connection problem. The computer attempts to simulate a player's inputs if the connection delays your inputs. If there's a difference between your inputs and the simulation, it retroactively adjusts your character to match, which is usually seen as teleportation. Rollback allows you to connect from an even larger distance without noticing any input problems, because rather than increasing an input buffer delay, you can opt to rely on the computer simulation instead. The accuracy of the simulation (and the players' tolerance for teleporting opponents) dictates what distances are possible now. 

If you've ever played a shooter and swear you shot the other guy first, you've probably felt the worst case of rollback--the server simulated them moving so you shoot them, but on their end they actually did shoot you first. So when the input arrives and the server sees what actually happened, it kills you and leaves them alive. But most of the time it isn't that extreme of a case.
                    Thanks super interesting stuff
            What if I prefer the game stopping instead of rolling back, because rollback throws me off a lot of the time.
                spotw
                weirdchamp
                I too prefer frequent stutters that interrupt my inputs to minor occasional teleportation of my opponents character
                "What if I prefer dial-up?"
                These must be the people who didn't download slippi because FM 5.0 works fine
        If you only play on low ping connections then the rollback will never kick in.
Yeah, when it prevents downloading the main button says "Discard" or something, but if you click the little arrow next to that text-box in the bottom left it'll bring up the "Keep" option. If the box in the bottom left has disappeared for you, press Ctrl + J (brings up Download page) and it should give you the Keep or Discard options next to the file in that list instead.
    Perfect, keeping it worked, thanks for the help!
UCF is integrated by default
My interest in Rivals of Aether was carried by vague promises of rollback netplay that they seem to have given up on, I'm fully torqued
I'm having trouble matchmaking too. Join #CLWN#889 if you wanna play
[Try this video. It's short enough.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JHetORRpfQ)
A lot less lag and you can basically play anybody not matter where they are as long as they have a good connexion and a good computer. It's not CRT level but it's very close and probably the best online experience in any fighting game
I'm just replying so I can come back and see if anyone answers this.  It's just too weird not hearing any music in the game
    Someone else answered it, it's because music + rollback = bad
        That's very much not right. The whole point of rollback is only things that happened differently from what your opponent changed doing during the lag. The song plays at a consistent rate regardless of what your opponent does, meaning rollback should have literally zero possible way of impacting the music.

Now, maybe their implementation of rollback does, but that's a straight bug if so.
            I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay wasn't exactly a priority for the Slippi team here. Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music *stuff* is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be.
                "I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay"

There's no reason rollback requires you to do anything with the audio of the music. It should just work.

I'm not really sure where your misunderstanding is coming from, so I'm not sure how to address it. Where are you getting the idea that rollback would mess up music from?

"Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music stuff is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be."

Not really, but how entwined the music is with the game state doesn't impact rollback (outside of extreme examples that aren't at play here). That could theoretically be something as simple as audio taking an extra frame to start the match.
It's not possible rn. Might be some issue with rolling back and the music desyncing or something. You can pull up spotify or something for music
    Makes sense, glad there's a reason. I've got local music files for days, but sometimes you just wanna hear Melee
Think of it like this... before, Every lag spike resulted in frame drops for you , which result in missed inputs.... now, lag spikes will cause small visual artifacts/teleports... it will feel much better because the stutter is mostly gone.
    So basically orgasm magic?
I had something similar today and just redownloaded it
    Tried that but no change
        Okay, when and where does the error come from? Your computer after the slippi registration site opens?
            When i click to open the registration site, but it fails
I think the backlash would just be too powerful. Also, they can't stop people from playing. They can only pressure companies not to stream it. In the end this isn't even a rom hack so they have no legal basis to shut it down. Many companies threaten that emulation is a crime but there have been literally zero court rulings that indicate so. It's a legal gray area and Nintendo has never been able to prove it is criminal in any sense.
    "In the end this isn't even a rom hack"

Ahh interesting, I didn't know that. I assumed the injection (?) of a new menu / UI elements / functionality would have crossed that line. I really dont know what I'm talking about though.

I'm just glad to hear that Slippi's more in the clear than I feared! Thanks for the reply.
You should get a gamecube adapter off Amazon (I would recommend Mayflash) and a gamecube controller. There are direct to USB controllers but they're not recommended.
    Thanks a bunch
Yeah surprised they were more impressed than anything else
    I never hear them say anything nice so this was a welcomed change lol
[Why the hell do they hate us so much?](https://i.imgur.com/HfjrCjw.jpg)
    We tend to show up at FGC events but have zero interest in other games, so I imagine it feels like we just "use" their events in a way.

A lot of times our community is younger too so if you include Ultimate so we bring loud annoying people instead of the gross middle aged annoying people they are used to.
        If you exclude Ultimate (which you should), the average age of Melee players is way above most FGC games and especially /r/kappa. The FGC is all DBFZ zoomers now.

This argument applied in like 2005, but not anymore.
            The thing is they are going to lump us all together because when one shows up, the other usually does. Doesn't really matter if you "should" make a distinction if they don't.
                This is why it's time for people to realize that players of games like Super Turbo, MvC2, AC+R, etc. have more in common with Melee and 64 players than DBFZ and SFV players, and that Melee and 64 players have more in common with them than Ultimate players. 

Players of classic games need to secede from the babies who play whatever is new because it's new. That won't happen until FGC and Melee oldheads smarten up and abandon the fake Smash vs. FGC dichotomy though.
                    I don't quite see how playing a game that came out recently makes someone a "baby". Ngl the only difference that I can really see between people who play 64 or melee and people that competitively play ultimate is the elitism that comes with playing melee
            Here's a sneak peek of /r/Kappa using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!

\#1: [1](https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/74718688_10156389702606577_8174431935297224704_n.jpg?_nc_cat=104&_nc_oc=AQkNxKOEZQkFeMsmI62QjWRuCYDUhgeAZ-xauNG7JrN3If3hQke8GUWKYM13j4DPU58&_nc_ht=scontent-arn2-1.xx&oh=6504685fe01c559649ff17acb9a4696f&oe=5E474AD8) | [105 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dv4czg/1/)  
\#2: [1](https://i.redd.it/yms4iiyafuz31.jpg) | [172 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dz21wz/1/)  
\#3: [Leroy Smith cosplay by rapper T-Pain](https://i.redd.it/ytiemulmb1k31.jpg) | [49 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/cyefpi/leroy_smith_cosplay_by_rapper_tpain/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/fpi5i6/blacklist_vii/)
    Not much overlap and they just hate everything now after porn was basically banned over there.
    r/kappa is not representative of the majority of the FGC. Most of the FGC hates r/kappa. They're like a some fighting game centric version of 4chan.
R/kappa in shambles
What? It does lmao, you can use rollback as well
    Last I checked it didn't have in game matchmaking, you needed to use discord or something like that to find matches. And I literally used the Melty caster as an example of rollback.
        Oh I see. My b
It’ll be baby mango against Armada JR.
Syrox finally wins 😭
If you're really going to go ahead and drop $200 on an ebay controller that might still suck, you might as well order a custom controller. People like Nez, Typo, Rienne ect can hook you up with an actually good one for less than $150. I do agree with the sentiment that the game is still less accessible due to that limitation, however. If it weren't for the smash 4 and ult controllers the scene might've really struggled (even if those ones suck).
I have absolutely zero doubt we will be able to manufacture our own controllers if we need to
    Right. At this point I'm basically expecting someone to make a video showing their GC controller 3d printing operation.
Look for used T3 controllers on ebay. Avoid ones with knock-off sticks. Purple/black/plat are all $35 max. Orange is $35-40. White is $50-60. Emerald is $70. There's absolutely no need to spend $200 on a controller unless you're buying several of them.
    Yeah. Typing in the basic "original gamecube controller" is like gatekeeping yourself, there's thousands of affordable *and well-functioning* ones out there if you know where to look. I got my orange recently for $28 + $5 shipping on ebay.
    Hey, Do you have any other tips on finding Gamecube controllers online? I want to get one for netplay so I'm not well -versed on what to search for.
        Look for the T3 badge https://controllerlibrary.files.wordpress.com/2020/05/image5.jpg

Look for ones that don't seem to have a lot of wear on them. If there aren't full pics of the controller, request them from the seller or ignore the listing.

Make sure the sticks/buttons are OEM. Knock-off sticks tend to have a shinier than normal plastic, and knock-off buttons tend to look a bit off. Message the seller if you aren't sure.

Some sellers will comment on the tightness of the sticks in either the listing title or the description. Tighter is better.

The prices I put in my previous comment should be about the max you pay for each color after shipping + tax. You can go above them by a few dollars, but anything more would be overpaying.
Have you looked at B0XX.com? I'm saving up. That's still going to be there when all GCCs have died.
    While you're saving, also check out the [smash stick](http://www.altlabcontrollers.com) so you know all your options. I've been very excited for this for almost a year and the Kickstarter begins in July. It's like a fight stick, but with a custom-made analog stick that is supposed to feel amazing and last indefinitely. Def check out their discord for questions, lots of people are happy to answer
        I'm definitely familiar! It's a really cool concept, but I'm trying to save my hands in the process. Having an arcade stick of any kind, as opposed to the digital inputs, would cause more harm than good for me at this point. I'm obviously still happy for anyone who wants to play that way!
            I've actually been wondering about this. I couldn't find much about the ergonomics of fight sticks. I assume it must be better than that of a GameCube controller, even just for the stick, since you use your whole hand/wrist/arm rather than just your thumb. I thought it would be ergonomically similar to a mouse, bit I wasn't actually sure. I don't even know if buttons are that great, since people definitely get hand issues from working at keyboards too, but I feel like it's, like many things related to health, very difficult to get solid and consistent answers about it. Either has got to be better than a gc controller though, lol
                Basically, I'd say the issue is demand on your hands for speed and repetitive motions that don't feel good over time, especially without proper stretching. It's kinda made for the hands of a kid, really, so naturally there's going to be issues.
        I just can't tell from the black background, but does it not have notches? If it doesn't, then that's really going to be a big annoyance for anyone trying to have precise angles, shield dropping, or consistent wavedash lengths.
            It does have an octangular gate and is specifically made to have shield drop notches on both sides. I definitely recommend checking out the discord if you're interested. Lots of people more knowledgeable than I am can tell you a lot about the decisions made for it. After asking for a bit, it's become clear to me that a lot of care was put into making this.
                Ah great, thanks for letting me know! :) I'll definitely have to give it a look. Hopefully it will be a successful hybrid between a GC controller and the box.
        sorry for ur loss
I highly doubt most people burn through controllers in average melee use in the time that you do.
I mean ucf is pretty standard now so that brings down the controller barrier quite a bit. Don’t have to worry about dash backs or shield drops
Once people make it easy to use more modern controllers for Melee it's all over.
    Why? This sounds like it would solve a problem in the scene.
        Yeah am saying the reign of the GameCube controller is all over.
Look up multishine controllers.  They make custom gamecube controllers built specifically for competitive smash play
GameStop sells controllers for like $30 and they're more than serviceable.
    [deleted]
        If you go anything worse than 2-2 in bracket, a controller isn't holding you back in any way unless it's broken.
            [deleted]
                Spoken like a real stream monster
To quote Leffen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbZV8u6-hA
> Rollback netcode is the biggest thing to happen to the melee community since the documentary 

The main disadvantage of delay-based netcode is, with farther distance or higher ping, the game is jittery and feels bad to play. In practice for ssbm, this has limited netplay to about a 500 mile radius around you -- enough to play a few states away, but some regions like Mexico get screwed due to how the internet lines are laid out underwater/underground. 

Rollback netcode guarantees that if both players computers can run ssbm at 60 fps normally, then your netplay will run at 60 fps *always*. This is awesome for fighting games where executing combos takes specific inputs and specific timing, and random lag can mess you up and make you the combo food instead. The game will never slow down due to internet lag. Rollback netcode also in practice lets you play much farther distances with high quality gameplay, across the country or even across oceans. The [slippi video introducing rollback netcode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzawZ2nanu0&feature=youtu.be) entertains the possibility of Japan-US netplay, which would never have been possible with delay-based netcode.

For more details (such as implementation), this article https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2019/10/explaining-how-fighting-games-use-delay-based-and-rollback-netcode/ is fantastic -- quite thorough, and easy to understand.
    Does this mean we can have actually decent nationals again? Is this the beginning of a new netplay renaissance?
        I think so
            Melee is saved!
    Holy shit this is amazing
    Rollback seems great for predicting games with routine input command combinations such as quarter circle motions, but I’m skeptical as to how it’s going to predict a game like melee without constantly rolling back to update opponents actions/positioning. It’s going to feel better as far as input execution goes, but neutral is surely going to be muddied up with jittery opponents seemingly teleporting short distances, on most player’s connections.    
Spacing in neutral is going to still suffer, on most player’s connections.    
    
Just seems like all the technicalities of melee that make rollback a great experience for the player, makes the actual rolling back more glaring when compared to other fighting games.    
    
Edit: I installed and played. It’s fantastic. 100+ ping is rough, but not any worse than the average netplay experience without rollback.    
Under 50 ping plays flawlessly, and neutral is preserved.    
Characters no longer receive netplay buffs.
        I tried it already and it works great. I couldn't wait so I even tried it on my work VPN so I had 100+ ping and while rollback certainly was happening occassionally, it was not that noticeable, and didn't affect neutral at all.

I think the 2 frame buffer would suppress nearly all visible rollback for most connections within 110 ping as the devs describe in their introductory video. Above that, of course frequent rollback would get pretty annoying. But it should work great for most connections in a reasonable distance.

You should just try it imo instead of theorycrafting critiques
        Nah, it looks and plays really good, little to no stutter most of the time for me.
To give a specific example of how rollback tries to hide/minimize lag, I'll give a specific example. The main concept of rollback is you have a set input delay (like when you set your buffer. For close connections the default is 2 frames, for Leffen vs KJH they were trying out 3 frames), this delay will be much lower than your buffer for 'delay based' netcode (what Melee netplay used to use). **The game will predict what you are going to do, and whenever its wrong it rolls back  and reruns the game with the newly recieved inputs**.

So what does that mean? Lets say your opponent inputs a dash forward that lasts 10 frames, then inputs a dash back. The game reads their dash and shows it to you, and assumes they are going to keep holding forward, which ends up being true for those 10 frames. On frame 11 it still thinks they are dashing forward, on frame 12 it still thinks so, but then right before frame 13 gets displayed it gets their dash back input (the one on frame 10). So it rolls back 2 frames (ie loads a save state), then runs the game forward with the newly received inputs and catches back up to the 'present'. Visually, you would see their dash forward for 2 frames 'too long', then they would visually teleport when the game rolls back and does the dash back.

tl;dr In other words, to put it really simply: rollback is able to 'cheat' the system and make you have less input delay than is necessary. Say you would need 4f of input delay for a delay based netcode, but you run 2f of delay on rollback. It gets away with this by predicting what your inputs will be (assuming you are going to continue to do what you were doing the frame before, which will be correct a lot of the time) and rolling back when it actually gets the inputs. Visually this results in slight teleporting when you do things like input a dash, but the end result is a much smoother experience with less lag. It sounds like teleporting would be really annoying to deal with, but its much better than the alternatives and its a lot less noticeable than you think.
    >but its much better than the alternatives and its a lot less noticeable than you think.

Especially given that it combines rollback with a fixed delay, which is sufficient enough to prevent most rollback situations in the first place
        AND because of Faster Melee, the overall delay is actually less than playing in person, on a CRT anyways.

This work is astounding, there is no other word for it.
Same, I would appreciate the explanation
    [Long version](http://ki.infil.net/w02-netcode.html)

Short version: say goodbye to client side latency as you now play on offline level quality (hell, even better considering Dolphin has 4f fewer delay than physical) at quadruple the size of the previous range where playing online was acceptable.

This is the single most important event since the game's release
    Hopefully someone will come along with a more knowledgeable explanation but in the meantime: rollback basically extrapolates what you'll be doing in a few frames from what you're doing now. This is useful because if you lag during those few frames, rollback will use the extrapolated frames, meaning neither player should "feel" lag even when lag is there.

Edit: forgot to mention the most important part, that inputs which should have been received during those laggy frames are retroactively applied, or "rolled back."
hell yeah
Who thinks they are clever for making these bots its fucking annoying
    What was the bot? If you don't mind
    /u/undeleteparent
        UNDELETED comment: 

>#PROFANITY DETECTED: "for"!
>
>This type of language is not exceptable on Rebbit and needs to be deleted. delicious_truffles have been given 1 fraction point and have been reported. If delicious_truffles gets 3 fraction points, delicious_truffles will get deleted and banished from Rebbit!

I am a bot

^please ^pm ^me ^if ^I ^mess ^up

---

consider [supporting me?](https://paypal.me/undeleteparent)
            Jeez
bad bot
Shut up bot
Go fuck yourself in your fat fuckin ass
Do you remember what frame delay he played on with KJH? I saw he played at 4 when playing Salvato and 3 when playing Zain so I assume it has some impact on making the lag more bearable but honestly unsure on that aspect.
Rona rumble world
    Rona Rumble World Tour
Great, now I’m going to be back to going 0-2 every tournament. Fuck Slippi and fuck rollback netcode

 /s
In all seriousness with all the work Brandon has been putting in I hope he is able to be one of the first hype US online tournaments.
I liked it when Lud showed something to Zain and Zain's response was, "holy shit. for real?" 

I think there is something big thats about to go down for melee, and somehow Lud is gonna get even bigger through it lmfao
    Lud played in a chess tournament didn't win yet somehow also got bigger from that. Everything he does becomes a mogul move.
        Regularly like 70-80k watched the pogchamps, chess is a lowkey wave rn i think leffen has it as a subgoal too
            Chess rollback when
                In some of the faster game modes (60 seconds and less), latency actually starts mattering. I watch a Chess streamer named PenguinZ known for his extremely rapid play and when he does 15 second chess it often comes down to who has lower ping to the server to slam out pre-moves.

Here's an example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2AMN9tHSB0
                    Wow that's actually really interesting. Thanks for sharing!
                        Happy to! Chess has really changed a lot in the age of the internet. Twitch, lichess and chess.com have changed the way people play dramatically.
        Lud was exactly what that tournament needed. He provided the naive "asks the stupid questions most people were probably also thinking" perspective while being hilariously entertaining. Hikaru and Botez were great but they needed that little bit of silly, comedic relief to help make the game more accessible.
        His consolation bracket finals was the last match of the final day and the official stream crashed so they hosted him with like 60k viewers. If the average twitch viewer didn't know him before they definitely do now.
Ditto - I'm very curious as to what the approach was.

Actually, I'd love to see it as a GDC talk!
There are, and they shouldn't get a pass just because they're a part of our community. Fuck all the edgelords who think they're hilarious mocking Magi any time she's on stream for example.

But generally speaking, I think we have a great community (compared to other gaming communities anyway). I get the sense that because we're probably a bit older on average compared to, say, the Ult community, sets us apart from the rest.
Thank you!
You following some guide? I'm running Ubuntu 20.04 but haven't made a windows partition from Linux ever, just a Linux partition from windows
    Still working on it (got distracted for a while) but if I figure it out I can PM the stuff I’ve read if you’d like.
        That'd be amazing, thanks
            Okay, it actually wasn't that bad. High level overview of what I used:

[Rufus](https://rufus.ie/) on a Windows laptop to make the bootable Windows USB drive (There might be a Linux alternative but I've used Rufus in the past and it lets you download an official Windows 10 iso within the app).

[Gparted](https://gparted.org/) to shrink my Linux partition down to make room for the Windows partition. 

From there, I used booted from the Windows USB drive and it installed with no issues. I can definitely provide more detailed guidance if you'd like, but really all I did was follow the guides in the two linked websites so they're probably more helpful than I would be haha. Good luck!


EDIT: so the Ubuntu partition won’t boot anymore, so maybe this wasn’t as easy as I thought. I don’t have anything important on there but if you do maybe back up or be a bit more careful
Honestly, I’ll believe it when I see it. Usually “coming soon” means “in five years or maybe never”. 

It feels pretty shitty that this happened mid-quarantine, and I already had to drop from a tournament because I can’t use the new build.
    coming soon in a few weeks at most. the team is working hard to make it a reality on other OSes but feature parity is hard.
    Yeah I wish the source was open - I built my Linux Slippi r18 build from source and it was pretty easy (just took a simple shell.nix and a lil bit of patching)
    Source code should be available later tonight according to Fizzi (the guy who made it), and release should be later this week.
        I assume the source is that Ishiiruka fork in the project? Any idea if I need to do anything besides build Dolphin in there for all this to work?
            I'm attempting to build [Ishiiruka HEAD](https://github.com/project-slippi/Ishiiruka/commit/6f5f0d9f3c22658513c6a25607c6f52b0d38ad16) now. Dunno if this, but it was updated last night.

I'm building it with Nix. I'm piggypacking on [`dolphinEmuMaster` in nixpkgs](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/4398e9e346c1f127415d3d76afae3bdfe6e4e300/pkgs/misc/emulators/dolphin-emu/master.nix) and just overriding `src` and a few other things to get it building. We'll see how it goes!

cc /u/Yoyoeat /u/Eleanimyst /u/OrgulousOgre

EDIT: I was able to build it..but then when I try to run my Melee iso it seg faults :|

EDIT2: I used my same derivation to build `r18` (`1ef6f7bfc12e8566153054e6c964111da44f9125`) and it all worked fine. Hmm.
                Did you get it working? Trying to build from source on Mac
                    Yeah I did get it working. I'll build 2.1.0 and then share my Nix derivation.

Check out the slippi discord. The dev-general channel has discussion of people building from source on Mac and Linux.
                        My fuckin man, thanks dude
                            [https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix](https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix) Here's what I use to build it! I just built 2.1.1 right now and was able to log-in using the steps I put in the README.

[More details in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/hiiln1/project_slippi_210_release_notes_ps1_now_enabled/fwjdlwm/)
I've been full time linux since ~2012 with no regrets, although about a year ago I conceded and setup a hardware-isolated Windows VM for games and VR stuff. I code/data science for a living and Linux is just way nicer to... actually program on.

The best part about being on linux is package management tbh
    Have you tried running slippi on a VM? Was wondering if that'd have noticeable lag
        With how I have my VM setup there's no extra lag at all. It's hardware-isolated, so when it's running it has a dedicated GPU, 2 dedicated cpu cores, its own ethernet connection, etc. It's almost a completely separate computer. 

If you were just quickly throwing up like vmware or something, you could definitely introduce display lag, but you wouldn't have to go as far as I have to fix that. I'm just not sure if the default display +cpu settings would be perfect.
            Is there any link you could provide so I could do a similar set up? Would rather not have to partition my hard drive just to run this
                https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/PCI_passthrough_via_OVMF

This is mostly what I've done, obviously it's arch-specific but the arch wiki is just too good.
Open source, gives me full control over my system, free (as in beer), fantastic support for command line and programming environments, a community of builders and sharers, more stable, more secure.

Also it doesn't repeatedly force install Microsoft Edge without my permission because why in the world would I ever use that piece of shit, stop.
In my case, I found that the Wii U adapter only has a 125hz polling rate on Windows, and there's no way to change the rate. But on Linux there's a way to overclock the adapter to 500hz which helps with input consistency. There's also an issue on Ryzen CPUs on Windows where it drops inputs, but it doesn't have that issue on Linux.
CS student and my school's department machines use Linux so it just made life easier. Pretty much everything I used was available for Linux until now so I didn't see a point in dual booting
6 vs 8 buffer shouldnt be a complaint, as the lag reduction and 120hz monitor can reduce up to 2 frames already, effectively making 2F = 0F, which is way better than Killer Instinct with 3F (very popular rollback fg)
    That was one thing I needed to mention: I don't have a 120hz monitor. I guess I'm due for an upgrade, thanks for the reminder, as I clearly forgot about this factor.
        I got one a few months ago and the difference is staggering
yea it defaults to 8 buffer
(yes I fullscreened the game and will test with ultra, on and off low latency modes with the Nvidia Control Panel)
    Do you have the mayflash adapater or a ryzen CPU?
        I have both, does that cause problems for the game?
            ryzen is known to have some problems
        I have neither, but I DON'T have a 120hz monitor, so I guess I'm due for an upgrade.
        Is mayflash an issue?
            Shouldn't be. I've had issues with it causing input lag when on WiiU mode, but I switched to PC mode and it works fine.
I fixed it. I had to tweak Dolphin a bit, and I had to use my adapter on PC mode.
    weird, I thought pc mode makes the gc controller a standard controller instead of "gamecube adapter for wiiu"
        It does, but I find it less input lag for me. Oh well.
[deleted]
    Not ranked. Not yet, anyway.
Oh I thought this website was matchmaking for Slippi
Will Slippi use SmashLadder for it's ranking though, or will it create a separate ladder?
    I imagine Smashladder will just be used to display the built in Slippi ranked when it’s made.
Just tested it out - it has a separate ID system integrated within the game itself. Doesn't seem like it'll use Anther's.
yeah 'y' isn't working to bring up a chat anymore
    You can probably just change it to another key
Full mast thank you.
Huh, that link gives me an error. Take out the b at the end i think
    Odd it works for me, are you on mobile or desktop?
        I'm on mobile

Other people linked the video though so no worries
They keep expecting it to fade away in time, but the community keeps finding new ways to be rejuvenate itself back to 100%. I'm afraid they'll eventually feel the need to take matters into their own hands.

People keep going from newer games *to* the older game. It's an affront to their product lol.
I have only played offline with my brother so far, but EVEN that lags, so I assumed my computer just wasn't powerful enough
    Or your dolphin settings are wrong
    Yeah if you lag when playing offline you're gonna have some issues.
    Unfortunately, macOS has other issues that can make it wonky to run due to Apple messing with OpenGL, and the Dolphin devs not prioritizing macOS as much.
    [This is a pretty good video that delves into the specs you'd need to comfortably run it.](https://youtu.be/xJhkOxp1UcA)
Tbh it might be more worth it to just save up for a new laptop/pc my man, that is what I'm gonna do
    Yeah; yeah... I'm just trying to not have to do that, because I'm already saving for a B0XX controller. I think the last thing I'll try is loading Windows on bootcamp with my Mac. We'll see.
    You have a MacBook Pro or a Mac Pro? Big difference.

Apparently if you can run Melee at 60fps that's enough for this, don't rush out for a new computer.
Epic - thanks!
He's since said on stream doubles isn't going to be worked on until ranked, spectator mode, and stage select are implemented, and will probably be fairly challenging, so unfortunately a couple months seems unlikely at this point...
It goes through it's own matchmaking interface rather than Dolphin lobbies, so far the interface only seems to support 1v1s.
    doubles is possibly coming later afaik, probably more complicated
let's fucking go
Suggestion noted!
    Wifi connections will cause both players to teleport around a lot on each others' screen
        I've seen people on Twitter saying otherwise, though it probably varies on a lot of factors. I'm going to test it myself after work.
            Big spikes = stuttering

Small spikes = rollback
                Jokes aside, I just tested it for an hour and I was able to play with people up to 100 ping on my wifi connection and I didn't notice any stuttering or teleporting. It's incredibly impressive.
                    Please play on ethernet.
                        Why? He just said he had minimal teleporting.
                    Just plug in a Ethernet cord test your internet speed on Wi-Fi and test it on Ethernet your paying for like half the speed if that
        I've been playing wifi for a couple hours and I've had minimal teleporting.

Like noticeable once or twice, and like 2 ping spikes.
True but I know a lot of ppl that just use discord to find netplay games instead of smashladder. Gonna be interesting
    That shit dead lol
        rip
[deleted]
    No rollback is not an option in Slippi Online. Rollback is delay based with upgrades. Rollback is inherently better no matter what.
        I thought I had read somewhere that rollback wouldn't work for melee due to how much movement there is? Like vs Street fighter where they're basically going to be either a lil forward/back or in the air and that's it
            As someone who's played it, it's mostly just small position adjustments or animation updates that don't really change anything. With really bad connections it can be jarring though (like one time I got a grab, then it got updated to show I missed the grab. That type of thing).
        Can you explain rollback netcode? What exactly is different about it?
            Delay based is kind of the naive or intuitive approach to a connection delaying someone's inputs. You pause the simulation until their inputs arrive. This manifests as stuttering. A buffer is used to cover this up. It builds in input delay, and as long as any connection problem is shorter than the input delay, you won't notice. Melee simulators now have less input delay natively than console Melee, so you get a few frames of buffer "for free" just to match console. This means you can connect over a decent radius and never notice a difference between online and offline.

Rollback is a more sophisticated attempt to hide a connection problem. The computer attempts to simulate a player's inputs if the connection delays your inputs. If there's a difference between your inputs and the simulation, it retroactively adjusts your character to match, which is usually seen as teleportation. Rollback allows you to connect from an even larger distance without noticing any input problems, because rather than increasing an input buffer delay, you can opt to rely on the computer simulation instead. The accuracy of the simulation (and the players' tolerance for teleporting opponents) dictates what distances are possible now. 

If you've ever played a shooter and swear you shot the other guy first, you've probably felt the worst case of rollback--the server simulated them moving so you shoot them, but on their end they actually did shoot you first. So when the input arrives and the server sees what actually happened, it kills you and leaves them alive. But most of the time it isn't that extreme of a case.
                Thanks super interesting stuff
        What if I prefer the game stopping instead of rolling back, because rollback throws me off a lot of the time.
            spotw
            weirdchamp
            I too prefer frequent stutters that interrupt my inputs to minor occasional teleportation of my opponents character
            "What if I prefer dial-up?"
            These must be the people who didn't download slippi because FM 5.0 works fine
    If you only play on low ping connections then the rollback will never kick in.
Perfect, keeping it worked, thanks for the help!
Someone else answered it, it's because music + rollback = bad
    That's very much not right. The whole point of rollback is only things that happened differently from what your opponent changed doing during the lag. The song plays at a consistent rate regardless of what your opponent does, meaning rollback should have literally zero possible way of impacting the music.

Now, maybe their implementation of rollback does, but that's a straight bug if so.
        I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay wasn't exactly a priority for the Slippi team here. Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music *stuff* is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be.
            "I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay"

There's no reason rollback requires you to do anything with the audio of the music. It should just work.

I'm not really sure where your misunderstanding is coming from, so I'm not sure how to address it. Where are you getting the idea that rollback would mess up music from?

"Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music stuff is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be."

Not really, but how entwined the music is with the game state doesn't impact rollback (outside of extreme examples that aren't at play here). That could theoretically be something as simple as audio taking an extra frame to start the match.
Makes sense, glad there's a reason. I've got local music files for days, but sometimes you just wanna hear Melee
So basically orgasm magic?
Tried that but no change
    Okay, when and where does the error come from? Your computer after the slippi registration site opens?
        When i click to open the registration site, but it fails
"In the end this isn't even a rom hack"

Ahh interesting, I didn't know that. I assumed the injection (?) of a new menu / UI elements / functionality would have crossed that line. I really dont know what I'm talking about though.

I'm just glad to hear that Slippi's more in the clear than I feared! Thanks for the reply.
Thanks a bunch
I never hear them say anything nice so this was a welcomed change lol
We tend to show up at FGC events but have zero interest in other games, so I imagine it feels like we just "use" their events in a way.

A lot of times our community is younger too so if you include Ultimate so we bring loud annoying people instead of the gross middle aged annoying people they are used to.
    If you exclude Ultimate (which you should), the average age of Melee players is way above most FGC games and especially /r/kappa. The FGC is all DBFZ zoomers now.

This argument applied in like 2005, but not anymore.
        The thing is they are going to lump us all together because when one shows up, the other usually does. Doesn't really matter if you "should" make a distinction if they don't.
            This is why it's time for people to realize that players of games like Super Turbo, MvC2, AC+R, etc. have more in common with Melee and 64 players than DBFZ and SFV players, and that Melee and 64 players have more in common with them than Ultimate players. 

Players of classic games need to secede from the babies who play whatever is new because it's new. That won't happen until FGC and Melee oldheads smarten up and abandon the fake Smash vs. FGC dichotomy though.
                I don't quite see how playing a game that came out recently makes someone a "baby". Ngl the only difference that I can really see between people who play 64 or melee and people that competitively play ultimate is the elitism that comes with playing melee
        Here's a sneak peek of /r/Kappa using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!

\#1: [1](https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/74718688_10156389702606577_8174431935297224704_n.jpg?_nc_cat=104&_nc_oc=AQkNxKOEZQkFeMsmI62QjWRuCYDUhgeAZ-xauNG7JrN3If3hQke8GUWKYM13j4DPU58&_nc_ht=scontent-arn2-1.xx&oh=6504685fe01c559649ff17acb9a4696f&oe=5E474AD8) | [105 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dv4czg/1/)  
\#2: [1](https://i.redd.it/yms4iiyafuz31.jpg) | [172 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dz21wz/1/)  
\#3: [Leroy Smith cosplay by rapper T-Pain](https://i.redd.it/ytiemulmb1k31.jpg) | [49 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/cyefpi/leroy_smith_cosplay_by_rapper_tpain/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/fpi5i6/blacklist_vii/)
Not much overlap and they just hate everything now after porn was basically banned over there.
r/kappa is not representative of the majority of the FGC. Most of the FGC hates r/kappa. They're like a some fighting game centric version of 4chan.
Last I checked it didn't have in game matchmaking, you needed to use discord or something like that to find matches. And I literally used the Melty caster as an example of rollback.
    Oh I see. My b
Right. At this point I'm basically expecting someone to make a video showing their GC controller 3d printing operation.
Yeah. Typing in the basic "original gamecube controller" is like gatekeeping yourself, there's thousands of affordable *and well-functioning* ones out there if you know where to look. I got my orange recently for $28 + $5 shipping on ebay.
Hey, Do you have any other tips on finding Gamecube controllers online? I want to get one for netplay so I'm not well -versed on what to search for.
    Look for the T3 badge https://controllerlibrary.files.wordpress.com/2020/05/image5.jpg

Look for ones that don't seem to have a lot of wear on them. If there aren't full pics of the controller, request them from the seller or ignore the listing.

Make sure the sticks/buttons are OEM. Knock-off sticks tend to have a shinier than normal plastic, and knock-off buttons tend to look a bit off. Message the seller if you aren't sure.

Some sellers will comment on the tightness of the sticks in either the listing title or the description. Tighter is better.

The prices I put in my previous comment should be about the max you pay for each color after shipping + tax. You can go above them by a few dollars, but anything more would be overpaying.
While you're saving, also check out the [smash stick](http://www.altlabcontrollers.com) so you know all your options. I've been very excited for this for almost a year and the Kickstarter begins in July. It's like a fight stick, but with a custom-made analog stick that is supposed to feel amazing and last indefinitely. Def check out their discord for questions, lots of people are happy to answer
    I'm definitely familiar! It's a really cool concept, but I'm trying to save my hands in the process. Having an arcade stick of any kind, as opposed to the digital inputs, would cause more harm than good for me at this point. I'm obviously still happy for anyone who wants to play that way!
        I've actually been wondering about this. I couldn't find much about the ergonomics of fight sticks. I assume it must be better than that of a GameCube controller, even just for the stick, since you use your whole hand/wrist/arm rather than just your thumb. I thought it would be ergonomically similar to a mouse, bit I wasn't actually sure. I don't even know if buttons are that great, since people definitely get hand issues from working at keyboards too, but I feel like it's, like many things related to health, very difficult to get solid and consistent answers about it. Either has got to be better than a gc controller though, lol
            Basically, I'd say the issue is demand on your hands for speed and repetitive motions that don't feel good over time, especially without proper stretching. It's kinda made for the hands of a kid, really, so naturally there's going to be issues.
    I just can't tell from the black background, but does it not have notches? If it doesn't, then that's really going to be a big annoyance for anyone trying to have precise angles, shield dropping, or consistent wavedash lengths.
        It does have an octangular gate and is specifically made to have shield drop notches on both sides. I definitely recommend checking out the discord if you're interested. Lots of people more knowledgeable than I am can tell you a lot about the decisions made for it. After asking for a bit, it's become clear to me that a lot of care was put into making this.
            Ah great, thanks for letting me know! :) I'll definitely have to give it a look. Hopefully it will be a successful hybrid between a GC controller and the box.
    sorry for ur loss
Why? This sounds like it would solve a problem in the scene.
    Yeah am saying the reign of the GameCube controller is all over.
[deleted]
    If you go anything worse than 2-2 in bracket, a controller isn't holding you back in any way unless it's broken.
        [deleted]
            Spoken like a real stream monster
Does this mean we can have actually decent nationals again? Is this the beginning of a new netplay renaissance?
    I think so
        Melee is saved!
Holy shit this is amazing
Rollback seems great for predicting games with routine input command combinations such as quarter circle motions, but I’m skeptical as to how it’s going to predict a game like melee without constantly rolling back to update opponents actions/positioning. It’s going to feel better as far as input execution goes, but neutral is surely going to be muddied up with jittery opponents seemingly teleporting short distances, on most player’s connections.    
Spacing in neutral is going to still suffer, on most player’s connections.    
    
Just seems like all the technicalities of melee that make rollback a great experience for the player, makes the actual rolling back more glaring when compared to other fighting games.    
    
Edit: I installed and played. It’s fantastic. 100+ ping is rough, but not any worse than the average netplay experience without rollback.    
Under 50 ping plays flawlessly, and neutral is preserved.    
Characters no longer receive netplay buffs.
    I tried it already and it works great. I couldn't wait so I even tried it on my work VPN so I had 100+ ping and while rollback certainly was happening occassionally, it was not that noticeable, and didn't affect neutral at all.

I think the 2 frame buffer would suppress nearly all visible rollback for most connections within 110 ping as the devs describe in their introductory video. Above that, of course frequent rollback would get pretty annoying. But it should work great for most connections in a reasonable distance.

You should just try it imo instead of theorycrafting critiques
    Nah, it looks and plays really good, little to no stutter most of the time for me.
>but its much better than the alternatives and its a lot less noticeable than you think.

Especially given that it combines rollback with a fixed delay, which is sufficient enough to prevent most rollback situations in the first place
    AND because of Faster Melee, the overall delay is actually less than playing in person, on a CRT anyways.

This work is astounding, there is no other word for it.
[Long version](http://ki.infil.net/w02-netcode.html)

Short version: say goodbye to client side latency as you now play on offline level quality (hell, even better considering Dolphin has 4f fewer delay than physical) at quadruple the size of the previous range where playing online was acceptable.

This is the single most important event since the game's release
Hopefully someone will come along with a more knowledgeable explanation but in the meantime: rollback basically extrapolates what you'll be doing in a few frames from what you're doing now. This is useful because if you lag during those few frames, rollback will use the extrapolated frames, meaning neither player should "feel" lag even when lag is there.

Edit: forgot to mention the most important part, that inputs which should have been received during those laggy frames are retroactively applied, or "rolled back."
What was the bot? If you don't mind
/u/undeleteparent
    UNDELETED comment: 

>#PROFANITY DETECTED: "for"!
>
>This type of language is not exceptable on Rebbit and needs to be deleted. delicious_truffles have been given 1 fraction point and have been reported. If delicious_truffles gets 3 fraction points, delicious_truffles will get deleted and banished from Rebbit!

I am a bot

^please ^pm ^me ^if ^I ^mess ^up

---

consider [supporting me?](https://paypal.me/undeleteparent)
        Jeez
Rona Rumble World Tour
Lud played in a chess tournament didn't win yet somehow also got bigger from that. Everything he does becomes a mogul move.
    Regularly like 70-80k watched the pogchamps, chess is a lowkey wave rn i think leffen has it as a subgoal too
        Chess rollback when
            In some of the faster game modes (60 seconds and less), latency actually starts mattering. I watch a Chess streamer named PenguinZ known for his extremely rapid play and when he does 15 second chess it often comes down to who has lower ping to the server to slam out pre-moves.

Here's an example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2AMN9tHSB0
                Wow that's actually really interesting. Thanks for sharing!
                    Happy to! Chess has really changed a lot in the age of the internet. Twitch, lichess and chess.com have changed the way people play dramatically.
    Lud was exactly what that tournament needed. He provided the naive "asks the stupid questions most people were probably also thinking" perspective while being hilariously entertaining. Hikaru and Botez were great but they needed that little bit of silly, comedic relief to help make the game more accessible.
    His consolation bracket finals was the last match of the final day and the official stream crashed so they hosted him with like 60k viewers. If the average twitch viewer didn't know him before they definitely do now.
Still working on it (got distracted for a while) but if I figure it out I can PM the stuff I’ve read if you’d like.
    That'd be amazing, thanks
        Okay, it actually wasn't that bad. High level overview of what I used:

[Rufus](https://rufus.ie/) on a Windows laptop to make the bootable Windows USB drive (There might be a Linux alternative but I've used Rufus in the past and it lets you download an official Windows 10 iso within the app).

[Gparted](https://gparted.org/) to shrink my Linux partition down to make room for the Windows partition. 

From there, I used booted from the Windows USB drive and it installed with no issues. I can definitely provide more detailed guidance if you'd like, but really all I did was follow the guides in the two linked websites so they're probably more helpful than I would be haha. Good luck!


EDIT: so the Ubuntu partition won’t boot anymore, so maybe this wasn’t as easy as I thought. I don’t have anything important on there but if you do maybe back up or be a bit more careful
coming soon in a few weeks at most. the team is working hard to make it a reality on other OSes but feature parity is hard.
Yeah I wish the source was open - I built my Linux Slippi r18 build from source and it was pretty easy (just took a simple shell.nix and a lil bit of patching)
Source code should be available later tonight according to Fizzi (the guy who made it), and release should be later this week.
    I assume the source is that Ishiiruka fork in the project? Any idea if I need to do anything besides build Dolphin in there for all this to work?
        I'm attempting to build [Ishiiruka HEAD](https://github.com/project-slippi/Ishiiruka/commit/6f5f0d9f3c22658513c6a25607c6f52b0d38ad16) now. Dunno if this, but it was updated last night.

I'm building it with Nix. I'm piggypacking on [`dolphinEmuMaster` in nixpkgs](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/4398e9e346c1f127415d3d76afae3bdfe6e4e300/pkgs/misc/emulators/dolphin-emu/master.nix) and just overriding `src` and a few other things to get it building. We'll see how it goes!

cc /u/Yoyoeat /u/Eleanimyst /u/OrgulousOgre

EDIT: I was able to build it..but then when I try to run my Melee iso it seg faults :|

EDIT2: I used my same derivation to build `r18` (`1ef6f7bfc12e8566153054e6c964111da44f9125`) and it all worked fine. Hmm.
            Did you get it working? Trying to build from source on Mac
                Yeah I did get it working. I'll build 2.1.0 and then share my Nix derivation.

Check out the slippi discord. The dev-general channel has discussion of people building from source on Mac and Linux.
                    My fuckin man, thanks dude
                        [https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix](https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix) Here's what I use to build it! I just built 2.1.1 right now and was able to log-in using the steps I put in the README.

[More details in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/hiiln1/project_slippi_210_release_notes_ps1_now_enabled/fwjdlwm/)
Have you tried running slippi on a VM? Was wondering if that'd have noticeable lag
    With how I have my VM setup there's no extra lag at all. It's hardware-isolated, so when it's running it has a dedicated GPU, 2 dedicated cpu cores, its own ethernet connection, etc. It's almost a completely separate computer. 

If you were just quickly throwing up like vmware or something, you could definitely introduce display lag, but you wouldn't have to go as far as I have to fix that. I'm just not sure if the default display +cpu settings would be perfect.
        Is there any link you could provide so I could do a similar set up? Would rather not have to partition my hard drive just to run this
            https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/PCI_passthrough_via_OVMF

This is mostly what I've done, obviously it's arch-specific but the arch wiki is just too good.
That was one thing I needed to mention: I don't have a 120hz monitor. I guess I'm due for an upgrade, thanks for the reminder, as I clearly forgot about this factor.
    I got one a few months ago and the difference is staggering
Do you have the mayflash adapater or a ryzen CPU?
    I have both, does that cause problems for the game?
        ryzen is known to have some problems
    I have neither, but I DON'T have a 120hz monitor, so I guess I'm due for an upgrade.
    Is mayflash an issue?
        Shouldn't be. I've had issues with it causing input lag when on WiiU mode, but I switched to PC mode and it works fine.
weird, I thought pc mode makes the gc controller a standard controller instead of "gamecube adapter for wiiu"
    It does, but I find it less input lag for me. Oh well.
Not ranked. Not yet, anyway.
I imagine Smashladder will just be used to display the built in Slippi ranked when it’s made.
You can probably just change it to another key
Odd it works for me, are you on mobile or desktop?
    I'm on mobile

Other people linked the video though so no worries
Or your dolphin settings are wrong
Yeah if you lag when playing offline you're gonna have some issues.
Unfortunately, macOS has other issues that can make it wonky to run due to Apple messing with OpenGL, and the Dolphin devs not prioritizing macOS as much.
[This is a pretty good video that delves into the specs you'd need to comfortably run it.](https://youtu.be/xJhkOxp1UcA)
Yeah; yeah... I'm just trying to not have to do that, because I'm already saving for a B0XX controller. I think the last thing I'll try is loading Windows on bootcamp with my Mac. We'll see.
You have a MacBook Pro or a Mac Pro? Big difference.

Apparently if you can run Melee at 60fps that's enough for this, don't rush out for a new computer.
doubles is possibly coming later afaik, probably more complicated
Wifi connections will cause both players to teleport around a lot on each others' screen
    I've seen people on Twitter saying otherwise, though it probably varies on a lot of factors. I'm going to test it myself after work.
        Big spikes = stuttering

Small spikes = rollback
            Jokes aside, I just tested it for an hour and I was able to play with people up to 100 ping on my wifi connection and I didn't notice any stuttering or teleporting. It's incredibly impressive.
                Please play on ethernet.
                    Why? He just said he had minimal teleporting.
                Just plug in a Ethernet cord test your internet speed on Wi-Fi and test it on Ethernet your paying for like half the speed if that
    I've been playing wifi for a couple hours and I've had minimal teleporting.

Like noticeable once or twice, and like 2 ping spikes.
That shit dead lol
    rip
No rollback is not an option in Slippi Online. Rollback is delay based with upgrades. Rollback is inherently better no matter what.
    I thought I had read somewhere that rollback wouldn't work for melee due to how much movement there is? Like vs Street fighter where they're basically going to be either a lil forward/back or in the air and that's it
        As someone who's played it, it's mostly just small position adjustments or animation updates that don't really change anything. With really bad connections it can be jarring though (like one time I got a grab, then it got updated to show I missed the grab. That type of thing).
    Can you explain rollback netcode? What exactly is different about it?
        Delay based is kind of the naive or intuitive approach to a connection delaying someone's inputs. You pause the simulation until their inputs arrive. This manifests as stuttering. A buffer is used to cover this up. It builds in input delay, and as long as any connection problem is shorter than the input delay, you won't notice. Melee simulators now have less input delay natively than console Melee, so you get a few frames of buffer "for free" just to match console. This means you can connect over a decent radius and never notice a difference between online and offline.

Rollback is a more sophisticated attempt to hide a connection problem. The computer attempts to simulate a player's inputs if the connection delays your inputs. If there's a difference between your inputs and the simulation, it retroactively adjusts your character to match, which is usually seen as teleportation. Rollback allows you to connect from an even larger distance without noticing any input problems, because rather than increasing an input buffer delay, you can opt to rely on the computer simulation instead. The accuracy of the simulation (and the players' tolerance for teleporting opponents) dictates what distances are possible now. 

If you've ever played a shooter and swear you shot the other guy first, you've probably felt the worst case of rollback--the server simulated them moving so you shoot them, but on their end they actually did shoot you first. So when the input arrives and the server sees what actually happened, it kills you and leaves them alive. But most of the time it isn't that extreme of a case.
            Thanks super interesting stuff
    What if I prefer the game stopping instead of rolling back, because rollback throws me off a lot of the time.
        spotw
        weirdchamp
        I too prefer frequent stutters that interrupt my inputs to minor occasional teleportation of my opponents character
        "What if I prefer dial-up?"
        These must be the people who didn't download slippi because FM 5.0 works fine
If you only play on low ping connections then the rollback will never kick in.
That's very much not right. The whole point of rollback is only things that happened differently from what your opponent changed doing during the lag. The song plays at a consistent rate regardless of what your opponent does, meaning rollback should have literally zero possible way of impacting the music.

Now, maybe their implementation of rollback does, but that's a straight bug if so.
    I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay wasn't exactly a priority for the Slippi team here. Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music *stuff* is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be.
        "I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay"

There's no reason rollback requires you to do anything with the audio of the music. It should just work.

I'm not really sure where your misunderstanding is coming from, so I'm not sure how to address it. Where are you getting the idea that rollback would mess up music from?

"Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music stuff is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be."

Not really, but how entwined the music is with the game state doesn't impact rollback (outside of extreme examples that aren't at play here). That could theoretically be something as simple as audio taking an extra frame to start the match.
Okay, when and where does the error come from? Your computer after the slippi registration site opens?
    When i click to open the registration site, but it fails
If you exclude Ultimate (which you should), the average age of Melee players is way above most FGC games and especially /r/kappa. The FGC is all DBFZ zoomers now.

This argument applied in like 2005, but not anymore.
    The thing is they are going to lump us all together because when one shows up, the other usually does. Doesn't really matter if you "should" make a distinction if they don't.
        This is why it's time for people to realize that players of games like Super Turbo, MvC2, AC+R, etc. have more in common with Melee and 64 players than DBFZ and SFV players, and that Melee and 64 players have more in common with them than Ultimate players. 

Players of classic games need to secede from the babies who play whatever is new because it's new. That won't happen until FGC and Melee oldheads smarten up and abandon the fake Smash vs. FGC dichotomy though.
            I don't quite see how playing a game that came out recently makes someone a "baby". Ngl the only difference that I can really see between people who play 64 or melee and people that competitively play ultimate is the elitism that comes with playing melee
    Here's a sneak peek of /r/Kappa using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!

\#1: [1](https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/74718688_10156389702606577_8174431935297224704_n.jpg?_nc_cat=104&_nc_oc=AQkNxKOEZQkFeMsmI62QjWRuCYDUhgeAZ-xauNG7JrN3If3hQke8GUWKYM13j4DPU58&_nc_ht=scontent-arn2-1.xx&oh=6504685fe01c559649ff17acb9a4696f&oe=5E474AD8) | [105 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dv4czg/1/)  
\#2: [1](https://i.redd.it/yms4iiyafuz31.jpg) | [172 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dz21wz/1/)  
\#3: [Leroy Smith cosplay by rapper T-Pain](https://i.redd.it/ytiemulmb1k31.jpg) | [49 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/cyefpi/leroy_smith_cosplay_by_rapper_tpain/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/fpi5i6/blacklist_vii/)
Oh I see. My b
Look for the T3 badge https://controllerlibrary.files.wordpress.com/2020/05/image5.jpg

Look for ones that don't seem to have a lot of wear on them. If there aren't full pics of the controller, request them from the seller or ignore the listing.

Make sure the sticks/buttons are OEM. Knock-off sticks tend to have a shinier than normal plastic, and knock-off buttons tend to look a bit off. Message the seller if you aren't sure.

Some sellers will comment on the tightness of the sticks in either the listing title or the description. Tighter is better.

The prices I put in my previous comment should be about the max you pay for each color after shipping + tax. You can go above them by a few dollars, but anything more would be overpaying.
I'm definitely familiar! It's a really cool concept, but I'm trying to save my hands in the process. Having an arcade stick of any kind, as opposed to the digital inputs, would cause more harm than good for me at this point. I'm obviously still happy for anyone who wants to play that way!
    I've actually been wondering about this. I couldn't find much about the ergonomics of fight sticks. I assume it must be better than that of a GameCube controller, even just for the stick, since you use your whole hand/wrist/arm rather than just your thumb. I thought it would be ergonomically similar to a mouse, bit I wasn't actually sure. I don't even know if buttons are that great, since people definitely get hand issues from working at keyboards too, but I feel like it's, like many things related to health, very difficult to get solid and consistent answers about it. Either has got to be better than a gc controller though, lol
        Basically, I'd say the issue is demand on your hands for speed and repetitive motions that don't feel good over time, especially without proper stretching. It's kinda made for the hands of a kid, really, so naturally there's going to be issues.
I just can't tell from the black background, but does it not have notches? If it doesn't, then that's really going to be a big annoyance for anyone trying to have precise angles, shield dropping, or consistent wavedash lengths.
    It does have an octangular gate and is specifically made to have shield drop notches on both sides. I definitely recommend checking out the discord if you're interested. Lots of people more knowledgeable than I am can tell you a lot about the decisions made for it. After asking for a bit, it's become clear to me that a lot of care was put into making this.
        Ah great, thanks for letting me know! :) I'll definitely have to give it a look. Hopefully it will be a successful hybrid between a GC controller and the box.
sorry for ur loss
Yeah am saying the reign of the GameCube controller is all over.
If you go anything worse than 2-2 in bracket, a controller isn't holding you back in any way unless it's broken.
    [deleted]
        Spoken like a real stream monster
I think so
    Melee is saved!
I tried it already and it works great. I couldn't wait so I even tried it on my work VPN so I had 100+ ping and while rollback certainly was happening occassionally, it was not that noticeable, and didn't affect neutral at all.

I think the 2 frame buffer would suppress nearly all visible rollback for most connections within 110 ping as the devs describe in their introductory video. Above that, of course frequent rollback would get pretty annoying. But it should work great for most connections in a reasonable distance.

You should just try it imo instead of theorycrafting critiques
Nah, it looks and plays really good, little to no stutter most of the time for me.
AND because of Faster Melee, the overall delay is actually less than playing in person, on a CRT anyways.

This work is astounding, there is no other word for it.
UNDELETED comment: 

>#PROFANITY DETECTED: "for"!
>
>This type of language is not exceptable on Rebbit and needs to be deleted. delicious_truffles have been given 1 fraction point and have been reported. If delicious_truffles gets 3 fraction points, delicious_truffles will get deleted and banished from Rebbit!

I am a bot

^please ^pm ^me ^if ^I ^mess ^up

---

consider [supporting me?](https://paypal.me/undeleteparent)
    Jeez
Regularly like 70-80k watched the pogchamps, chess is a lowkey wave rn i think leffen has it as a subgoal too
    Chess rollback when
        In some of the faster game modes (60 seconds and less), latency actually starts mattering. I watch a Chess streamer named PenguinZ known for his extremely rapid play and when he does 15 second chess it often comes down to who has lower ping to the server to slam out pre-moves.

Here's an example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2AMN9tHSB0
            Wow that's actually really interesting. Thanks for sharing!
                Happy to! Chess has really changed a lot in the age of the internet. Twitch, lichess and chess.com have changed the way people play dramatically.
Lud was exactly what that tournament needed. He provided the naive "asks the stupid questions most people were probably also thinking" perspective while being hilariously entertaining. Hikaru and Botez were great but they needed that little bit of silly, comedic relief to help make the game more accessible.
His consolation bracket finals was the last match of the final day and the official stream crashed so they hosted him with like 60k viewers. If the average twitch viewer didn't know him before they definitely do now.
That'd be amazing, thanks
    Okay, it actually wasn't that bad. High level overview of what I used:

[Rufus](https://rufus.ie/) on a Windows laptop to make the bootable Windows USB drive (There might be a Linux alternative but I've used Rufus in the past and it lets you download an official Windows 10 iso within the app).

[Gparted](https://gparted.org/) to shrink my Linux partition down to make room for the Windows partition. 

From there, I used booted from the Windows USB drive and it installed with no issues. I can definitely provide more detailed guidance if you'd like, but really all I did was follow the guides in the two linked websites so they're probably more helpful than I would be haha. Good luck!


EDIT: so the Ubuntu partition won’t boot anymore, so maybe this wasn’t as easy as I thought. I don’t have anything important on there but if you do maybe back up or be a bit more careful
I assume the source is that Ishiiruka fork in the project? Any idea if I need to do anything besides build Dolphin in there for all this to work?
    I'm attempting to build [Ishiiruka HEAD](https://github.com/project-slippi/Ishiiruka/commit/6f5f0d9f3c22658513c6a25607c6f52b0d38ad16) now. Dunno if this, but it was updated last night.

I'm building it with Nix. I'm piggypacking on [`dolphinEmuMaster` in nixpkgs](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/4398e9e346c1f127415d3d76afae3bdfe6e4e300/pkgs/misc/emulators/dolphin-emu/master.nix) and just overriding `src` and a few other things to get it building. We'll see how it goes!

cc /u/Yoyoeat /u/Eleanimyst /u/OrgulousOgre

EDIT: I was able to build it..but then when I try to run my Melee iso it seg faults :|

EDIT2: I used my same derivation to build `r18` (`1ef6f7bfc12e8566153054e6c964111da44f9125`) and it all worked fine. Hmm.
        Did you get it working? Trying to build from source on Mac
            Yeah I did get it working. I'll build 2.1.0 and then share my Nix derivation.

Check out the slippi discord. The dev-general channel has discussion of people building from source on Mac and Linux.
                My fuckin man, thanks dude
                    [https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix](https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix) Here's what I use to build it! I just built 2.1.1 right now and was able to log-in using the steps I put in the README.

[More details in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/hiiln1/project_slippi_210_release_notes_ps1_now_enabled/fwjdlwm/)
With how I have my VM setup there's no extra lag at all. It's hardware-isolated, so when it's running it has a dedicated GPU, 2 dedicated cpu cores, its own ethernet connection, etc. It's almost a completely separate computer. 

If you were just quickly throwing up like vmware or something, you could definitely introduce display lag, but you wouldn't have to go as far as I have to fix that. I'm just not sure if the default display +cpu settings would be perfect.
    Is there any link you could provide so I could do a similar set up? Would rather not have to partition my hard drive just to run this
        https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/PCI_passthrough_via_OVMF

This is mostly what I've done, obviously it's arch-specific but the arch wiki is just too good.
I got one a few months ago and the difference is staggering
I have both, does that cause problems for the game?
    ryzen is known to have some problems
I have neither, but I DON'T have a 120hz monitor, so I guess I'm due for an upgrade.
Is mayflash an issue?
    Shouldn't be. I've had issues with it causing input lag when on WiiU mode, but I switched to PC mode and it works fine.
It does, but I find it less input lag for me. Oh well.
I'm on mobile

Other people linked the video though so no worries
I've seen people on Twitter saying otherwise, though it probably varies on a lot of factors. I'm going to test it myself after work.
    Big spikes = stuttering

Small spikes = rollback
        Jokes aside, I just tested it for an hour and I was able to play with people up to 100 ping on my wifi connection and I didn't notice any stuttering or teleporting. It's incredibly impressive.
            Please play on ethernet.
                Why? He just said he had minimal teleporting.
            Just plug in a Ethernet cord test your internet speed on Wi-Fi and test it on Ethernet your paying for like half the speed if that
I've been playing wifi for a couple hours and I've had minimal teleporting.

Like noticeable once or twice, and like 2 ping spikes.
rip
I thought I had read somewhere that rollback wouldn't work for melee due to how much movement there is? Like vs Street fighter where they're basically going to be either a lil forward/back or in the air and that's it
    As someone who's played it, it's mostly just small position adjustments or animation updates that don't really change anything. With really bad connections it can be jarring though (like one time I got a grab, then it got updated to show I missed the grab. That type of thing).
Can you explain rollback netcode? What exactly is different about it?
    Delay based is kind of the naive or intuitive approach to a connection delaying someone's inputs. You pause the simulation until their inputs arrive. This manifests as stuttering. A buffer is used to cover this up. It builds in input delay, and as long as any connection problem is shorter than the input delay, you won't notice. Melee simulators now have less input delay natively than console Melee, so you get a few frames of buffer "for free" just to match console. This means you can connect over a decent radius and never notice a difference between online and offline.

Rollback is a more sophisticated attempt to hide a connection problem. The computer attempts to simulate a player's inputs if the connection delays your inputs. If there's a difference between your inputs and the simulation, it retroactively adjusts your character to match, which is usually seen as teleportation. Rollback allows you to connect from an even larger distance without noticing any input problems, because rather than increasing an input buffer delay, you can opt to rely on the computer simulation instead. The accuracy of the simulation (and the players' tolerance for teleporting opponents) dictates what distances are possible now. 

If you've ever played a shooter and swear you shot the other guy first, you've probably felt the worst case of rollback--the server simulated them moving so you shoot them, but on their end they actually did shoot you first. So when the input arrives and the server sees what actually happened, it kills you and leaves them alive. But most of the time it isn't that extreme of a case.
        Thanks super interesting stuff
What if I prefer the game stopping instead of rolling back, because rollback throws me off a lot of the time.
    spotw
    weirdchamp
    I too prefer frequent stutters that interrupt my inputs to minor occasional teleportation of my opponents character
    "What if I prefer dial-up?"
    These must be the people who didn't download slippi because FM 5.0 works fine
I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay wasn't exactly a priority for the Slippi team here. Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music *stuff* is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be.
    "I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay"

There's no reason rollback requires you to do anything with the audio of the music. It should just work.

I'm not really sure where your misunderstanding is coming from, so I'm not sure how to address it. Where are you getting the idea that rollback would mess up music from?

"Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music stuff is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be."

Not really, but how entwined the music is with the game state doesn't impact rollback (outside of extreme examples that aren't at play here). That could theoretically be something as simple as audio taking an extra frame to start the match.
When i click to open the registration site, but it fails
The thing is they are going to lump us all together because when one shows up, the other usually does. Doesn't really matter if you "should" make a distinction if they don't.
    This is why it's time for people to realize that players of games like Super Turbo, MvC2, AC+R, etc. have more in common with Melee and 64 players than DBFZ and SFV players, and that Melee and 64 players have more in common with them than Ultimate players. 

Players of classic games need to secede from the babies who play whatever is new because it's new. That won't happen until FGC and Melee oldheads smarten up and abandon the fake Smash vs. FGC dichotomy though.
        I don't quite see how playing a game that came out recently makes someone a "baby". Ngl the only difference that I can really see between people who play 64 or melee and people that competitively play ultimate is the elitism that comes with playing melee
Here's a sneak peek of /r/Kappa using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!

\#1: [1](https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/74718688_10156389702606577_8174431935297224704_n.jpg?_nc_cat=104&_nc_oc=AQkNxKOEZQkFeMsmI62QjWRuCYDUhgeAZ-xauNG7JrN3If3hQke8GUWKYM13j4DPU58&_nc_ht=scontent-arn2-1.xx&oh=6504685fe01c559649ff17acb9a4696f&oe=5E474AD8) | [105 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dv4czg/1/)  
\#2: [1](https://i.redd.it/yms4iiyafuz31.jpg) | [172 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/dz21wz/1/)  
\#3: [Leroy Smith cosplay by rapper T-Pain](https://i.redd.it/ytiemulmb1k31.jpg) | [49 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Kappa/comments/cyefpi/leroy_smith_cosplay_by_rapper_tpain/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/fpi5i6/blacklist_vii/)
I've actually been wondering about this. I couldn't find much about the ergonomics of fight sticks. I assume it must be better than that of a GameCube controller, even just for the stick, since you use your whole hand/wrist/arm rather than just your thumb. I thought it would be ergonomically similar to a mouse, bit I wasn't actually sure. I don't even know if buttons are that great, since people definitely get hand issues from working at keyboards too, but I feel like it's, like many things related to health, very difficult to get solid and consistent answers about it. Either has got to be better than a gc controller though, lol
    Basically, I'd say the issue is demand on your hands for speed and repetitive motions that don't feel good over time, especially without proper stretching. It's kinda made for the hands of a kid, really, so naturally there's going to be issues.
It does have an octangular gate and is specifically made to have shield drop notches on both sides. I definitely recommend checking out the discord if you're interested. Lots of people more knowledgeable than I am can tell you a lot about the decisions made for it. After asking for a bit, it's become clear to me that a lot of care was put into making this.
    Ah great, thanks for letting me know! :) I'll definitely have to give it a look. Hopefully it will be a successful hybrid between a GC controller and the box.
[deleted]
    Spoken like a real stream monster
Melee is saved!
Jeez
Chess rollback when
    In some of the faster game modes (60 seconds and less), latency actually starts mattering. I watch a Chess streamer named PenguinZ known for his extremely rapid play and when he does 15 second chess it often comes down to who has lower ping to the server to slam out pre-moves.

Here's an example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2AMN9tHSB0
        Wow that's actually really interesting. Thanks for sharing!
            Happy to! Chess has really changed a lot in the age of the internet. Twitch, lichess and chess.com have changed the way people play dramatically.
Okay, it actually wasn't that bad. High level overview of what I used:

[Rufus](https://rufus.ie/) on a Windows laptop to make the bootable Windows USB drive (There might be a Linux alternative but I've used Rufus in the past and it lets you download an official Windows 10 iso within the app).

[Gparted](https://gparted.org/) to shrink my Linux partition down to make room for the Windows partition. 

From there, I used booted from the Windows USB drive and it installed with no issues. I can definitely provide more detailed guidance if you'd like, but really all I did was follow the guides in the two linked websites so they're probably more helpful than I would be haha. Good luck!


EDIT: so the Ubuntu partition won’t boot anymore, so maybe this wasn’t as easy as I thought. I don’t have anything important on there but if you do maybe back up or be a bit more careful
I'm attempting to build [Ishiiruka HEAD](https://github.com/project-slippi/Ishiiruka/commit/6f5f0d9f3c22658513c6a25607c6f52b0d38ad16) now. Dunno if this, but it was updated last night.

I'm building it with Nix. I'm piggypacking on [`dolphinEmuMaster` in nixpkgs](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/4398e9e346c1f127415d3d76afae3bdfe6e4e300/pkgs/misc/emulators/dolphin-emu/master.nix) and just overriding `src` and a few other things to get it building. We'll see how it goes!

cc /u/Yoyoeat /u/Eleanimyst /u/OrgulousOgre

EDIT: I was able to build it..but then when I try to run my Melee iso it seg faults :|

EDIT2: I used my same derivation to build `r18` (`1ef6f7bfc12e8566153054e6c964111da44f9125`) and it all worked fine. Hmm.
    Did you get it working? Trying to build from source on Mac
        Yeah I did get it working. I'll build 2.1.0 and then share my Nix derivation.

Check out the slippi discord. The dev-general channel has discussion of people building from source on Mac and Linux.
            My fuckin man, thanks dude
                [https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix](https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix) Here's what I use to build it! I just built 2.1.1 right now and was able to log-in using the steps I put in the README.

[More details in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/hiiln1/project_slippi_210_release_notes_ps1_now_enabled/fwjdlwm/)
Is there any link you could provide so I could do a similar set up? Would rather not have to partition my hard drive just to run this
    https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/PCI_passthrough_via_OVMF

This is mostly what I've done, obviously it's arch-specific but the arch wiki is just too good.
ryzen is known to have some problems
Shouldn't be. I've had issues with it causing input lag when on WiiU mode, but I switched to PC mode and it works fine.
Big spikes = stuttering

Small spikes = rollback
    Jokes aside, I just tested it for an hour and I was able to play with people up to 100 ping on my wifi connection and I didn't notice any stuttering or teleporting. It's incredibly impressive.
        Please play on ethernet.
            Why? He just said he had minimal teleporting.
        Just plug in a Ethernet cord test your internet speed on Wi-Fi and test it on Ethernet your paying for like half the speed if that
As someone who's played it, it's mostly just small position adjustments or animation updates that don't really change anything. With really bad connections it can be jarring though (like one time I got a grab, then it got updated to show I missed the grab. That type of thing).
Delay based is kind of the naive or intuitive approach to a connection delaying someone's inputs. You pause the simulation until their inputs arrive. This manifests as stuttering. A buffer is used to cover this up. It builds in input delay, and as long as any connection problem is shorter than the input delay, you won't notice. Melee simulators now have less input delay natively than console Melee, so you get a few frames of buffer "for free" just to match console. This means you can connect over a decent radius and never notice a difference between online and offline.

Rollback is a more sophisticated attempt to hide a connection problem. The computer attempts to simulate a player's inputs if the connection delays your inputs. If there's a difference between your inputs and the simulation, it retroactively adjusts your character to match, which is usually seen as teleportation. Rollback allows you to connect from an even larger distance without noticing any input problems, because rather than increasing an input buffer delay, you can opt to rely on the computer simulation instead. The accuracy of the simulation (and the players' tolerance for teleporting opponents) dictates what distances are possible now. 

If you've ever played a shooter and swear you shot the other guy first, you've probably felt the worst case of rollback--the server simulated them moving so you shoot them, but on their end they actually did shoot you first. So when the input arrives and the server sees what actually happened, it kills you and leaves them alive. But most of the time it isn't that extreme of a case.
    Thanks super interesting stuff
spotw
weirdchamp
I too prefer frequent stutters that interrupt my inputs to minor occasional teleportation of my opponents character
"What if I prefer dial-up?"
These must be the people who didn't download slippi because FM 5.0 works fine
"I imagine getting the music on a different processing layer from the gameplay"

There's no reason rollback requires you to do anything with the audio of the music. It should just work.

I'm not really sure where your misunderstanding is coming from, so I'm not sure how to address it. Where are you getting the idea that rollback would mess up music from?

"Since the original "disable music" melee code caused desyncs (hence "netplay safe no music"), it's reasonable to assume that Melee's music stuff is more entwined with the game state than it "should" be."

Not really, but how entwined the music is with the game state doesn't impact rollback (outside of extreme examples that aren't at play here). That could theoretically be something as simple as audio taking an extra frame to start the match.
This is why it's time for people to realize that players of games like Super Turbo, MvC2, AC+R, etc. have more in common with Melee and 64 players than DBFZ and SFV players, and that Melee and 64 players have more in common with them than Ultimate players. 

Players of classic games need to secede from the babies who play whatever is new because it's new. That won't happen until FGC and Melee oldheads smarten up and abandon the fake Smash vs. FGC dichotomy though.
    I don't quite see how playing a game that came out recently makes someone a "baby". Ngl the only difference that I can really see between people who play 64 or melee and people that competitively play ultimate is the elitism that comes with playing melee
Basically, I'd say the issue is demand on your hands for speed and repetitive motions that don't feel good over time, especially without proper stretching. It's kinda made for the hands of a kid, really, so naturally there's going to be issues.
Ah great, thanks for letting me know! :) I'll definitely have to give it a look. Hopefully it will be a successful hybrid between a GC controller and the box.
Spoken like a real stream monster
In some of the faster game modes (60 seconds and less), latency actually starts mattering. I watch a Chess streamer named PenguinZ known for his extremely rapid play and when he does 15 second chess it often comes down to who has lower ping to the server to slam out pre-moves.

Here's an example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2AMN9tHSB0
    Wow that's actually really interesting. Thanks for sharing!
        Happy to! Chess has really changed a lot in the age of the internet. Twitch, lichess and chess.com have changed the way people play dramatically.
Did you get it working? Trying to build from source on Mac
    Yeah I did get it working. I'll build 2.1.0 and then share my Nix derivation.

Check out the slippi discord. The dev-general channel has discussion of people building from source on Mac and Linux.
        My fuckin man, thanks dude
            [https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix](https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix) Here's what I use to build it! I just built 2.1.1 right now and was able to log-in using the steps I put in the README.

[More details in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/hiiln1/project_slippi_210_release_notes_ps1_now_enabled/fwjdlwm/)
https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/PCI_passthrough_via_OVMF

This is mostly what I've done, obviously it's arch-specific but the arch wiki is just too good.
Jokes aside, I just tested it for an hour and I was able to play with people up to 100 ping on my wifi connection and I didn't notice any stuttering or teleporting. It's incredibly impressive.
    Please play on ethernet.
        Why? He just said he had minimal teleporting.
    Just plug in a Ethernet cord test your internet speed on Wi-Fi and test it on Ethernet your paying for like half the speed if that
Thanks super interesting stuff
I don't quite see how playing a game that came out recently makes someone a "baby". Ngl the only difference that I can really see between people who play 64 or melee and people that competitively play ultimate is the elitism that comes with playing melee
Wow that's actually really interesting. Thanks for sharing!
    Happy to! Chess has really changed a lot in the age of the internet. Twitch, lichess and chess.com have changed the way people play dramatically.
Yeah I did get it working. I'll build 2.1.0 and then share my Nix derivation.

Check out the slippi discord. The dev-general channel has discussion of people building from source on Mac and Linux.
    My fuckin man, thanks dude
        [https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix](https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix) Here's what I use to build it! I just built 2.1.1 right now and was able to log-in using the steps I put in the README.

[More details in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/hiiln1/project_slippi_210_release_notes_ps1_now_enabled/fwjdlwm/)
Please play on ethernet.
    Why? He just said he had minimal teleporting.
Just plug in a Ethernet cord test your internet speed on Wi-Fi and test it on Ethernet your paying for like half the speed if that
Happy to! Chess has really changed a lot in the age of the internet. Twitch, lichess and chess.com have changed the way people play dramatically.
My fuckin man, thanks dude
    [https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix](https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix) Here's what I use to build it! I just built 2.1.1 right now and was able to log-in using the steps I put in the README.

[More details in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/hiiln1/project_slippi_210_release_notes_ps1_now_enabled/fwjdlwm/)
Why? He just said he had minimal teleporting.
[https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix](https://gitlab.com/ramirez7/slippi-netplay-nix) Here's what I use to build it! I just built 2.1.1 right now and was able to log-in using the steps I put in the README.

[More details in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/SSBM/comments/hiiln1/project_slippi_210_release_notes_ps1_now_enabled/fwjdlwm/)
