[[Continuing the series- Thoughts on Sonic Generations in 2022 I’ve heard great things but I was never able to play it do y’all recommend]]





It's one of the best Sonic games of all time. In fact, it's in my top 5:

Sonic Generations, Sonic Colors, Sonic Adventure 2, Sonic Adventure, Sonic Unleashed

The things that keep me from saying it is any better than the 5th best Sonic game is that it is painfully easy, and the game is pretty short. As well as the fact that it kinda lacks an identity of it's own. As in when someone plays Sonic Generations, it's hard not to just think about other Sonic games playing it.

But Sonic Generations is most likely the least hated Sonic game of all time. For once, "critics" and fans could agree on something.

Don't let anyone tell you otherwise; Sonic Generations' levels may be easy, but that doesn't make them any less fun. Every level in the game improved on the original. Except Rooftop Run and maybe Speed Highway.

And it might start a flame war but I think Classic Sonic is more fun to play than Sonic 1, or Sonic CD. I just like the level design, and how OP the Spindash is. I mean the Spindash hasn't been that good since Sonic Adventure.

It's a solid 9/10. Which is honestly higher than what I'd give Sonic Adventure 2. But Sonic Adventure 2 had the bigger impact on me. If only Sonic Generations had a grand story, and a ranking system that encourages replayability.
Really good game besides that corny final boss sega still hasn't surpassed generations in over 11 years
Its fun. Try to get it on sale.
Good and Fun Game, somewhat terrible final boss, almost no story (silly story in my opinion), however the hug letdown (well to me), it's short, longer than forces shorter than Unleashed Day stages (stages lenght between 2 to 3 minutes max)
It's one of the better boost games, but the boost formula isn't really good IMO.
Incredibly good imo. The set pieces are fantastic, the boss fights are awesome. Only criticism is it’s really short.
#DO IT
It's a good game.

I give it an A+.
My second favorite sonic game and it's still amazing. This imo is peak 3d sonic.
I played and beat it last week, it was a blast
I recommend it.
It's great gameplay wise.

But I don't like some of the bosses. Namely Perfect Chaos and the final boss.

Chaos being way too easy and the final boss being incredibly confusing.


And the story is bland, not really any substance.

But that being said, it's still a fun ride gameplay wise. Definitely one of the best in 3D Sonic games.
It's my favourite 3D game of the series and still the best tribute game we got for this franchise, I would highly recommand it on pc.
    Sadly my pc is trash :/
So I could only play it on consoles
Which is sad because I’d love to play some of the mods but oh well
        It's still a great experience ! Altough a bit short (like most modern Sonic games).
Sadly my pc is trash :/
So I could only play it on consoles
Which is sad because I’d love to play some of the mods but oh well
    It's still a great experience ! Altough a bit short (like most modern Sonic games).
It's still a great experience ! Altough a bit short (like most modern Sonic games).
